
This summer, get away in the Hyundai you've always wanted at the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Get the hottest deals of the season on many of our award-winning Hyundai models, which all come with America's best warranty. But get going because these deals won't last. Add more joy to your journey at the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Now, for a limited time, get 1.99% A PR for 60 months on the Hyundai Tucson or Elantra. Hurry in to the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Offers end September 3rd. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for details.


Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day. And you can use those miles on any travel purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One. Travel Your next trip is closer than you think with the Venture Card. from Capital One terms apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Hi everybody. Chuck here on Saturday with the Selects with a very gruesome pick trigger warnings. It's a true crime episode, perhaps one of the most infamous crimes in American history. And it's a two-parter. So you get part one this week, you get part two in two weeks. It's called The Manson. Family Murders Part. One from January 25th, 2018. Beware, Welcome To. Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio.


Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryan, and there's Jerry over there. And. we make up the Stuff You Should Know family, the peace loving, acid loving, Non murdering, Non murdering nice family. Did I say acid loving in there? You Did. Oh, That's Weird. Peace meant peace loving, non murdering family. Yeah, and you know what the, hopefully there are no kids listening to this one anyway, so we can let everyone else know that we take LSD before every episode. Sure. I mean, the slogan of our show is Wowy. Zowie.


Yeah. So COA, for those of you who did not see the title, if you're listening to your kids about the Manson family murders without a COA, then you need a parenting COA. Yeah, For real. But There are lots of grizzly details in this, so obviously you may wanna skip this one with the on a on a family Picnic. Picnic. Yeah. It might kind of bring it down a couple of degrees. It might be a drag, you know, probably. So speaking of drags chuck, I'll tell you who is a drag Charles Manson. He was, he was. So like, there's this, there's this reputed legend that Charles Manson tried out for the monkeys and was rejected and that was ultimately why he ordered these, these grizzly murders of what that we'll definitely get into.


But it turns out that's absolutely false. Yeah. That, that I've heard that. And it always sounded to me like an urban legend. Well, so the thing is it's got like all sorts of interesting facets to it though. Right. It's demonstrably false. He was in prison at the time the monkeys tryouts were held. but I, it kind of coincides with this larger part of Charles Manson's life that not everybody's fully aware of, which is that he wanted to be a star, he wanted to be a musical recording star. And he actually had, he made some inroads into that career. And I have read theories that it is possible that these murders were ordered as a means of venting Manson's frustration that his music career wasn't going as well as he thought it should.


Yeah. And sending a message to some people in the music industry that he made contact with to basically say, Hey, I can't kill you 'cause I need you, but I can kill other people to get you going and, and get my music career off the ground. What's the holdup? Huh? Which is just like the Manson family murders on their face as they're largely understood is nuts. But if that's the real thing behind all of this, that's just the depths of depravity, of human depravity that people are, are capable of. I bet that's not like the sole reason, But, but you know, like If, you really strip reasons down.


Like what are motivations for things? Like is it really, you know, to bring on helter skelter? Is it because he was a frustrated musician? you know, like you can say the same thing about Hitler. Like, was there a kernel of Hitler's rejection from the art world and from people at large that drove him to, to order the, the horrible things that he ordered the Nazis to do? Like, it, it makes you wonder like what is the motivation be behind world changing events when you break 'em down to a personal level? Yeah. I mean, well Manson to be fair, was had mental illness in a lifetime of rejection, so Right. This could all affect her in for sure. Yeah.


But so I mean, you, you, you asked for this article to be written, didn't you? Was this your jam? Yeah, we, yeah, ed the ster, we, we can sort of petition him to write articles at times and this was definitely one of them. Yeah. So did you know a lot about the Manson family murders and the family themselves and all that stuff already? Yeah. Or was, yeah. So you, this was, this is probably still part of like the cultural zeitgeist when you were becoming like aware of the world as a kid, huh? Yeah, like I, I definitely remember the book Helter Skelter being a huge, huge thing. And I remember a time before, like media was so robust when the idea of Charles Manson was just so terrifying to me.


I do too. And then I got older and saw interviews and I was like, oh, he's just a little tiny redneck. Yeah. Like, it all vanished. I was like, oh my God. He's just, he's just a little redneck. Yeah. I think that's what, there, there were two things that kids of the eighties went through as far as awakenings were concerned that the Soviet people went out to murder all of us. Yeah. And that Charles Manson was not actually scary. He was just a dumb redneck behind bars. Yeah. I mean he, what he did was horrific to be sure. So I'm not like minimizing that, but as far as the person, he was this larger than life scary as crap dude to me until, you know, interviews started coming out and sit downs with like Diane Sawyer.


I was like, this guy's a joke. But for a little while there, he was legitimately America's worst nightmare because at the time, like a lot of people say when the Manson family committed these murders, and it, it came out, you know, a couple months later that some depraved acid head hippies had actually committed these gruesome crimes that had captured the nation's attention. It it, it suddenly gave the establishment who had been looking for anything to lay onto hippies to say, see, see, we told you you can't be trusted. Your whole peace, love free stuff like that doesn't work. You can't do that because this is the outcome of it. Manson was that personified.


And for a lot of, for that reason, a lot of people say, this guy, these murders ended the, the summer of love in the, the era of hippies and ushered in the seventies. Yeah, for sure. I mean, timing wise, it just seems very natural. And, and Ed even points out, like even during the trial that narrative was being laid down. It wasn't like years later people look back and said this. And he also, I thought it was really interesting, I never really put it into context like Ed did, but the moon landing, the very first moon landing that is happened two weeks before the Manson family murders, and then a week after the murders was Woodstock.


So that was a, that was a nutty month. It really was, you Know, in America And, and again, these murders, when they took place, they were just, no one had any idea who the Manson family was except for a handful of people out in LA and some cops that had run-ins with them, but they were not famous. And no one realized that the Manson family had been responsible for these murders. They were just these gruesome, unsolved murders in between the moon landing and Woodstock. Yeah. So a lot of people, let's start at the, what a lot of people consider the beginning, which is the night of August 9th in a house at 1 0 0 5 0 Cielo Drive, which is in Beverly Hills, up in the hills, right?


Yeah. I, I kind, I looked up like three different places how to pronounce that. And they all said Cielo, except for Diane Sawyer said cello. And I'm like, man, is Diane Sawyer wrong? No. About anything? No. Whatever she says is absolutely right. She could make turtlenecks, right. I used to love turtlenecks. Sure. They had a, they, they had a, a real heyday for sure. You don't see 'em anymore. I used to wear 'em on, don't be dumb, but it was kind of a gag. I think I could still pull one off maybe, especially with a beard. Yeah. The beard would definitely help, you know, because you could, you could turn a certain way and be like regular shirt turtleneck, regular shirt turtleneck just by, just by moving your head and your beard out of the way.


Yeah. and of course in the eighties I would rock the mock turtle neck regularly. Did you? I never really did. Yeah. Did you wear them with Z Cavariccis? No, No, no, no. Okay. It wasn't, You didn't dress like AC Slater? No, it was sort of, believe it or not, that was like a post preppy thing where the mock turtleneck was acceptable and not cheesy Really In a preppy sense. I gotcha. Because I was sort of a prep before I became a human monster. I could see that. Did you, did you wear the Lacoste alligator and stuff? Nah, We couldn't afford that stuff, so I wore the knockoffs. I Gotcha. Or if I had the Lacoste, the alligator was like accidentally sewn onto the collar or something.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We've had this conversation. Yeah. All that, all that good stuff. Factory seconds. Yep. That's me. Factory Remnants. Nice. So on this night, on August 9th, are we going with Cielo or Diane Sawyer's cello? No, I don't know. Let's just say that the house that Satan built, right? It's not there anymore, by the way. No, they, they tore it down. Yeah. But not before Trent Ner went in and recorded it. Nine Inch Nails album there. Because Why not? Why not? So at this, at this house at 1 0 0 5 0 Cielo Drive, that's not there any longer, there's a knock at the door on the night of August 9th, around midnight.


So I don't know if that makes it August 9th or 10th, I couldn't get a definitive answer. But the door was answered by a guy named Ek Frankowski, who was known as a Polish playboy. He was friends of the director, Roman Polanski. And he was there because inside that house was Roman Polanski's wife, Sharon Tate, who was eight months pregnant with their, I believe their first child. I don't think they had any other children. Sharon Tate was pretty young at the time, but also inside was Abigail Folger, who was the heirs to the Folger coffee fortune. And I think, oh, one other guy, Jay Sebring, who is a, a stylist who is known as the guy who introduced hair styling to men.


So he was pretty well off and pretty well known as far as LA went. And they're just kind of this hip industry party crowd inside this, this residence. and there was a knock at the door and this guy was there at, on the other side of the door and he had a, a mustache and he was tall, kind of a natural athlete type type from Texas. And he said, I'm the devil and I'm here to do the devil's business. And that was Tex Watson. And he entered the house and this massacre of everybody inside began. Yeah. So what had happened previous to that knock was Tex Watson climbed up a telephone pole, cut the phone line, and then climbed the fence with a couple of other people, won Susan Atkins and won Patricia Krin Winkle, all Manson family members.


And we'll, we'll get into the whole family thing in a minute. And so they climbed over the fence, went in, there was a, a kid, a teenager named Steve Parent who was leaving in his car already. And he did not make it out. He was shot five times. He was slashed and shot five times by Tex Watson before he could get down the driveway. So one murder had already been committed on that property by the time they even got to the house. Yeah. And if any of these people, which you can definitely make the case, all of them were, were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Steven Parent was just doubly so he was visiting the caretaker of the house. Yeah. So he had nothing to do with the, the, the Hollywood jet set people inside or the Manson family.


He was just friends with somebody who was like a, a a worker at the house. And he was leaving at the time too. Yeah. He would've been friends with, oh, what was the guy's name from the oj Oh, oh man. He would've been friends with Cato Kalin. There you go. Which is, yeah, that would've been a bad, bad thing to be, I think. Talk about a mock turtleneck. Yeah. I think he has one permanently tattooed on his, on his neck. I think so too. There was also a third Manson family member, Linda Casabian, who was not in the house, but she waited, essentially was the getaway driver. Right. And she'd just come into the family like a month before.


And apparently the reason she was out with them was because she was the only one with a valid driver's license outta that croup. So Linda Casabian sitting outside Tex Watson, Patricia Kreel and Susan Atkins all enter the house and they just start killing everybody. Apparently Tex was the only one with a gun, but all three of them had knives. Patricia Krin Winkle found Abigail Folger reading in bed and started to kill her. I believe Sharon Tate and Jay Sebring were in the living room together, and they were both killed there in the living room. Ek Frankowski made it out of the house, but he was killed in the front lawn.


Abigail Folger, I think made it out the back and she died on the back lawn. And one of the things about this is like, the reason the word massacre is like such a, an apt description. Like these were, these were just basically like, I don't know how old Tex was, he was a little bit older, but these were basically like 17, 18, 19-year-old girls who had never done anything like this before and were really not very good at it while they were doing it this first time. And it was just bad for everybody apparently. It was very brutal. There was a lot of fear and terror and a lot of pain and torment among everybody who was being killed in this house.


It wasn't easy clean, you wouldn't characterize it as like a hit. It was a, it was a massacre. Yeah. Abigail Folger herself was stabbed 28 times. And then Sebring and Krakowski, in addition to being stabbed, were also shot. And obviously Sharon Tate's unborn child was, you know, killed in this process as well. Yeah. And supposedly, and this is a, a direct quote, apparently, I guess from the trial, the directive from Charles Manson and If, you don't know this, I guess we should go ahead and say Charles Manson, even though later on other people said that Tex Watson was more acting on his own and misunderstood Manson's directive.


But Charles Manson ordered these killings, which we'll get into, but he told Watson supposedly totally destroy everyone in that house as gruesome as you can. So in addition to the, to the mutilation of the bodies and like postmortem stab wounds, there was stuff written on the walls and their blood like pig and, well, I think Pig was the only thing written on the wall at this one Right on the front door, which Is a, obviously was a, a reference to cops at the time. Right. And they wrote it in Sharon Tate's blood. Right. So Pig is on the door in blood. The the, the perpetrators got away, the Manson family got away.


They made it back to, I think the, the Spawn Ranch, which is one of the places they were staying. So then two nights later, Manson orders the family to go do it again. He's, he actually said that they'd done according to Texan and the rest of them, he actually said that they'd, they'd done it wrong. They had created panic and fear in these people and they needed to do it right this time, but to go, go out and butcher another family. And he took 'em to a house and it was a house next door to this house that the Manson family used to party at. It was a, a friend of one of Manson's record producer friends. And Nextdoor was just this normal unassuming com couple who had, from what I understand, no interaction with the Mansons at any point in time.


It was this couple named Leno and Rosemary La Bianca. And they were just about as middle class, upper middle class America establishment as you could get. Yeah. He was actually lived less than two miles from this house. It was in the Los Fearless neighborhood. And just the night before, they had had a party at this dude's house who, and the reason he didn't wanna go back to that house is 'cause he thought maybe it could be tied back to him in some way. 'cause he was there the night before. So they just randomly picked the neighbor. and there was six of the followers there, the original four from the Tate house plus Leslie Van Houten and Clem Grogan, I think was his name.


And yeah, it was, it was talk about wrong place, wrong time. They were just in there enjoying their evening. And Manson did break. He was actually, like you said there for this one. Whereas he wasn't even there for the Tate one. And he, he took part in the tying up, but then he left. Right. Which very cowardly left. Right. And this whole thing just reeks of cowardice, like, go do my dirty work for me. Exactly. Kind of in most of these cases. Right. So they tie up the lab bianca's, they murdered them brutally again, they carved war in Mr. Lab, Bianca's stomach with a knife.


They left a, the knife sticking out of his neck. They left a fork sticking out of his stomach. It was just another really gruesome scene. And then again, in blood, they wrote, they wrote things around the house. Like they wrote political. No, they wrote pigs again. Yeah. They wrote Death to Pigs. They wrote, they misspelled it. They wrote Helter skelter, which we'll get into. That was a, a Beatles song, which factors in pretty heavily. And then there wrote Rise. And the whole notion here, and we'll cover this in detail more later too, was that Manson was trying to, or at least he says he was trying to ignite a race war and have it appear that black people and, and maybe even Black Panthers had killed these white people, which would, and then turn, spark a race war.


They would all kill each other. And the Manson, and the reason I'm laughing is 'cause it's just so ridiculously imposs implausible. And then, then the Manson family would be the only people left and they could rule the world. Yeah. That was supposedly the whole thing behind Helter skelter. So the cops in la the, the sheriff's department and the LA cops have two different murder scenes that are obviously related, but early on they didn't, they didn't connect them yet. It took a, it took a minute, but once they did these two murders came to be known as the Tate Lab, Bianca Murders before anyone knew who the Manson family was. And it was a big deal.


But you have to go back even further to understand what's going on and to understand the eventual prosecution of the Manson family to another murder And. we will dive into that one after this.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals, like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy, SK 23. That's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you wanna do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 i five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owners manual for complete warranty. Details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Okay, Chuck, so everybody knows about the, the Tate Lab, Bianca Murders, so much so that they're frequently called the Manson Family murders, but it turns out that the Manson family was already involved in another previous murder a couple weeks before the, the Tate and Lab Bianca Murders happened, I think in like late July of 1969, right? Yeah. I mean there was one other murder an an attempted murder and then an not quite attempted murder also. Right. So the the one you're talking about I think is probably Gary Hinman, who he was.


Well why don't you go and explain how he fit into this whole thing. Okay. So Gary Hinman was a music teacher who was a friend of the Manson family. I don't think he ever was considered like a Manson family member, but he was a buddy of them. And he either had a trust fund coming or there was a rumor that he, he had access to a trust fund of like $20,000. And so the Manson family went over to Rob him. I think Bobby Bole was the leader of that. They went over to rob him or he had supplied the Manson family with a bunch of mescalin that they in turn sold to a motorcycle gang that was not happy that when it turned out the Mescalin was bad, who wanted their money back.


So the Manson family had gone to go get their money back from this guy. And apparently he had said like, I don't have any money, but here I'll sign over the title of my cars to you. Here are the keys. And at this point they had 'em tied up. And I'm not entirely certain why, but Charles Manson, and this is widely agreed upon, I think even by Manson himself, that Manson came over to the house to basically assist in, in like getting this guy to cough up his money. Maybe that's what it was. And he took a sword and chopped off part of the guy's ear. Yeah. And depending on who you believe, some say Manson actually ended up killing him.


Other people say that Bobby Bole ended up stabbing him to death. Manson was on the scene for this one though, which was different than the other murders. And I guess it just depends on who you believe it was. Bussel was eventually arrested while driving that car of Hinman's. So Hinman's dead boasted little's in jail. And you have to actually go back even further to find the first, at least attempted murder by the Manson family earlier in July, on July 1st. This is just a bad jam If, you really start thinking about it. Like all these dates are so compressed and you think about the Mansa family just being in this crazy like murderous kill spree.


And it really only went for like a month basically, you know, four or five weeks. But they did a lot of damage in that time. But the whole thing started and you can make the case and a lot of people do that. The whole thing, everything else that followed actually started on July 1st when Charles Manson went to the apartment of a, a syndicate drug dealer, like a big time drug dealer named Bernard Lotsa Papa Crow, right? Yes. And the Manson thought that he might have been a Black panther. I don't think that was ever confirmed. I read a lot of articles kind of going back and forth, but regardless Manson thought he was a black panther.


There was a a double crossing deal that went on and they went over and Manson actually shot Crow and thought he had killed him, but he did not die and he did not go to the cops because he, you know, what do you do? Go to the cops and say, Hey, I double crossed these weirdo rednecks hippies. No, they double crossed him the drug deal. They double crossed him. Oh see I read that he double crossed them. No, no. And that's why No Tex Watson, Well either way he would not go to the cops Right. In his condition. And so that's why it was never reported. But he was interviewed and the transcript is pretty interesting to listen to. Yeah. But yeah, and he wouldn't go to the cops because he, he would just handle it himself.


And that's basically what he vowed to do. So there's this guy who Manson shot in the gut and left for dead, who now wants to kill Manson and the whole family. And that Manson's convinced as a black panther, which suddenly makes sense as to why you would have found something like political pigs and a paw print in blood at Gary Mann's murder scene. Right? Yeah. Because this is about the time that this whole helter skelter thing is happening, starting out, and the whole idea that that there is a race war coming and that the Manson family might be able to nudge it along by framing the black community or Black Panthers for these murders of white people.


Is is the basis of this idea of what was behind the Manson family murders as far as the prosecution is concerned? Yeah, so I mentioned an, an almost attempted murder jumping back forward again. The very night of the, the idea of the night of the lobby Bianca murders was to, to have two separate murders on the same night. And Manson ordered a few, I think three different followers, including Linda Casabian to murder this kind of little known Lebanese actor named INE Nadar. And Casabian basically got there, didn't want to do this, and so intentionally knocked on the wrong door of the apartment, basically giving her an excuse to get outta there.


So weirdly sine Nadir was never was a near victim of the Manson family. So that's talk about a, talk about a close call. Yeah. For real. you know? Yeah. And I looked him up. He, he basically was a famous actor by that time and then just didn't do much after that. So I wonder if that had, if that like, just broke his brain or something, you know, I don't know. I think it would've done that to me. Alright, so I think it's about time for another ad break. Let's do It. Alright. We'll be right back after this.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity. Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it.


I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on Hitting high gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day.


All right, Chuck, we're back. Should we talk about Charles Manson a little bit? Yeah. Let's, so like, well, let's recap real quick. Okay. Manson has shot lots of Papa Crow in his stomach. Lots of Papa Crow has vowed to kill the whole Manson family. Bobby Bole killed Gary Hinman, tried to frame the Black Panthers by writing political piggies and blood on the wall. Bobby Bole is arrested. The Manson family supposedly trying to make it look like somebody besides Bobby Bole might have killed Gary Hinman, kill the people at the Tate residence, kill the people at the LaBianca residence, write things like political piggies and rise and pig in blood on the walls there.


And, and that's where we've left off so far. The Manson family hasn't been caught yet. Let's talk about Charles Manson. Alright, so Manson is sort of mixed up on what you want to believe because a lot of the information about his life came from him. And anyone who knows anything about Charles Manson knows that he had a, a tendency to overstate things and certainly lie about things. But what we do know is that he was born in 1934 to a, to a teen mom and dad. And the dad basically would not assume any paternity or responsibility. Right. Sort of split. His name was Colonel, his actual name was Colonel.


And he convinced people that he was an army colonel even though he was not. So he was just never on the scene at all. And he ended up taking the name Manson from his stepfather who, you know, his, his mom married, she was an alcoholic, may have been a prostitute. She was in and out of jail for most of her life and or most of his young life. And it was just, you know, a truly bad scene for a young Charles Manson. Right? So he, he actually went and lived with relatives while she was in jail for a five year stretch. She got out, they reunited. He said he, he apparently said that reuniting with her was one of the few truly joyful moments in his life, but in very short order, she basically was like, I can't take care of you.


I don't really want this responsibility. And handed him over to the state, which began, which began a just basically a string of institutionalization that would, that would keep going for bas basically his whole life. Yeah. I mean, by the time he was eventually sent to federal prison, I think he was 32 years old when he was released in 67. And they calculated that he had spent half of his life in and out of institutions, whether it be orphanages or juvie or real deal prison and jail. Right. And that was just the first part of his life. So he was out for two years before they got him again after these murders.


By the time he died in prison at age 83, this past November, 2017, he had spent from my calculations, only 13 years of his life as a free man. Yeah. 13 outta 83 years outside of institutions. So he had a lot of the deck stacked against him. But you can also go back to, I think March, 1967 when he was released on parole from federal prison where he was given a choice like, Hey man, here you go. You're out. You can decide what to do with your life. Do you want to go straight? Do you want to go have a nice family? Do you want to just be a productive member of society?


Or are you gonna go the exact opposite direction? And as we know, in hindsight, Charlie Manson chose the exact opposite direction. Yeah. It's, I don't know if he was ever officially diagnosed, but I did see that, that doctors over the years in mental health professionals say that he was probably schizophrenic, suffered from schizophrenia and had a paranoid delusional disorder. At the very least, I hadn't heard the schizophrenia thing. Paranoid delusional disorder. I totally by, Yeah. So he was, he was a troubled dude, of course, not excusing anything, but it, it was clearly a case of mental illness combined with rejection.


And institutionalization really led to like the, the man that he would eventually become. Right. So he gets outta prison, right. And he is basically released into San Francisco 1967. So it's like hippie dom, the kingdom of hippie dom where he, he shows up and there's, you know, at the time everybody's looking for like something new, something different, something that's an, an alternative to establishment or the mainstream or anything different. And so Charles Manson says like, oh, I can, I can totally exploit a lot of these people. And the, he starts out by meeting a girl, a librarian named Mary Bruner, and he moves into her apartment and she apparently was very fascinated with him because she had led a fairly straight laced life.


She went to college again, she was a librarian. And all of a sudden there's this wild like ex-con who is preaching this kind of gospel of love and no materials. And apparently before November, 1968, which we'll explain what happened then before that time, Charles Manson supposedly did pretty closely resemble an actual hippie. Like he, he, he, he felt like he could take anything of yours that he wanted, but you could also take anything of his. And he apparently walked the, the walk when it came to stuff like that. and there were plenty of stories of him just giving up whatever material possessions saying they didn't matter before things really took a dark turn.


So there's If, you really kind of dive in, it becomes clear how he could have amassed some of these early followers. And the first one was, was Mary Bruner. Yeah. I get the feeling that this probably would not have happened in any other era other than this generation when, you know, we've talked about it in our brainwashing and our cults episodes, where this time it was just, it was just a weird time in America. People were really, I don't know about prone, but at least ripe for the picken when it comes to falling into situations like this and believing these, what looked like crackpots to us now.


Right. But at the time, everyone was, it was very anti-establishment. People were taking tons of drugs and reject rejecting mainstream society and embracing the counterculture. And they were just really open to all kinds of weird stuff. Right. So he, again, he just kind of figured out that he could, he could work this to his own means. So there's a couple of things that there's, there's two basic things that you needed to know about Charles Manson from, from everything I've seen. One was that his main goal was to become a recording artist, a a very successful star of a recording artist. And two, that he could, he had a good ability to manipulate people into giving them what he wanted, and mostly that that amounted to sex and drugs.


And, and he used that ability to get other people to do what he wanted. So for example, when he started doing a mass, like a, a, a substantial amount of girls in the Manson family, it was, it was just a free love commune the whole time. So the guys who came in all of a sudden had access to these, the women and in, in return for Charlie, granting them access to them, they would basically do his bidding or offer him physical protection because he wasn't a, a big guy. He's kind of a shrimpy dude. But there, everything from, from If, you look at it from an outsider's perspective, every relationship he had was one of extraction.


He, he was taking something from everyone around him. It wasn't just a a, a normal friendship or a normal relationship. It was, it was, I, what can you do for me and what can I use from you to, to get something out of other people? Yeah. And if, if you've never seen an interview with him, I encourage you to check some of them out. He does have a very stream of consciousness. Circular sort of talks nonstop and doesn't make a lot of sense. But one thing that's often said about him is that he can be mesmerizing with the way he does that. And I imagine in the late sixties, If, you got a head full of acid and there's this guy that has the ability to like almost rebreed like a trumpet player and talk for minutes and minutes and hours on end.


They could be kind of, you know, they would fall under this weird spell. Right. So I, I definitely don't get it. 'cause now when I watch 'em, I'm again tiny weird redneck. But when you, you know, when you see him doing his thing, even with like Diane Sawyer who doesn't fall for it, by the way, she, she clearly is just like very, it it's a great interview. She's pro and she stays very on point, basically kinda like, you're not gonna get me to like fall for your charms. Right. But it, but it's pretty interesting. So he, he's got Mary Bruner as this first girlfriend. Then he said, Hey, what do you think about a triad? Or a rather, what do you think about a triad?


Because that's how he sounded. Yeah. And Mary Bruner from what I, I understand wasn't super into it, but she was under his spell. So she said Sure. So Squeaky from Lynette, squeaky from came into the picture and they, you know, they lived as a, as a threesome that traveled together up and down the coast out there. And he just sort of started accumulating mostly women along the way to this sort of traveling party is probably how he framed it. And people were hip to it. There were men though, besides Tex Watson and Bobby Busle, those guy named Danny DiCarlo who were kind of early men who joined up.


And by all accounts, most of those men who joined up were there because Manson was said, you know, you can have these women, you got plenty of drugs. And so before you know it, the Manson family was born. Yeah. and there were just kind of this weirdo hippie group that used to commit burglaries Manson, there has long been, it's long been said that he beat a lot of the women in the group and would prostitute them to, for cash, to pay for things for the family. Like rent. They, they ate a lot of their food from like going through dumpsters behind grocery stores and stuff like that. And they just basically hung out and did drugs and had sex all day.


That was basically their aim and their goal. And then at night they would have bonfires out in the desert and they'd all just take a bunch of acid and listen to Charles Manson do his mesmerizing thing. And again, at first it was, it was weird. There was a lot of like ideas that Manson was this reincarnation of Jesus Christ or that he was not even the reincarnated Jesus Christ, he was the same Jesus Christ who'd been alive for, you know, almost 2000 years. And just like all the stuff you would find in the desert among hippies in the late sixties on acid at night around a bonfire. Right. But when, when, by this time, like by the time they're out in the desert, man Manson had had this really amazing chance encounter that you just would never have.


And the fact that it did happen is just totally mind blowing, but become a recording artist to help ensure his success of becoming a recording artist. He moved the family from San Francisco down to Los Angeles to be closer to the center of the recording industry. And it just so happened that one night in 1968, a couple of Manson family girls were hitchhiking on Sunset Boulevard and were picked up by none other than Dennis Willin Wilson, one of the co-founders of the Beach Boys. That's right. It was 69. But same, same deal all those years just ran together back then. Right. And Dennis Wilson was, he was a party party dude and liked his ladies.


'cause it sounds very weird to say that he picked up a couple of hitchhiker and basically brought them home. But it was a different time. And he, like I said, he was a party dude. So they ended up being Ella Joe Bailey and the aforementioned Patricia Krin Winkle. So they move in basically, and he goes to the studio, comes home, and the Manson family had moved in. Which again, it sounds really strange, but at the time he, I mean Ed says he was frightened. I, I get the feeling he was more like, you know, what trip are you on? Not like, oh my God, I need to call the cops.


Yeah. He, I think he, 'cause they lived there for a while. Like he let them live there. Yeah. I think the part, it was partially outta fear. I saw an, or I read an interview with Charles Manson where he was talking about Dennis Wilson and he was like, you know, I'd say whatever, he'd just lay his weirdo trip on Dennis Wilson and Dennis' response would be like, yeah man, that's cool. Listen, look, I gotta go, I really gotta go do this thing. Just always trying to get away from Charles Manson. So maybe he was afraid that he was, they were gonna kill him. Maybe he liked having access to like all this free love from all the, the Manson family women or maybe just felt like he couldn't get out of it. But he, he, he did let them live there for a few months. It wasn't like they crashed there for a weekend.


They moved in, they wrecked his Ferrari. Yeah. They, they met a bunch of his friends. It was, it was a big, it was a big deal that, that Dennis Wilson came into Charles Manson's life because it really bolstered this idea that yes, he is gonna become a recording artist. 'cause not only did he hang out with Dennis Wilson, he hung out with a guy named Terry Melcher, who was a record producer, hung out with another guy named Phil Kaufman, who was a record producer. And he met all these people in the industry who were in a position to get Charles Manson's career off of the ground. And when, when there's, you're dealing with this, this crazy little ticking time bomb like Charles Manson who wants you to do something like get his music career off the ground, but you don't think his music is good enough to actually launch.


You got a problem on your hands. And Dennis Wilson and his buddies all knew this. Yes. And two quick things here. One big shout out to Dennis Wilson's only solo album Pacific Ocean Blue. Is it good? I think it's great. I Gotta check that out. And it's, I love the Beach Boys. I mean he, Dennis Wilson was, was clearly not the, the brains or voice behind the Beach Boys as the drummer. But, and he was always sort of, I think kind of picked on a little bit for not being the most talented dude. And he was just in the band 'cause he was handsome and related. But I think Pacific Ocean Blue is like one of the the great lost classics.


I'll Check it out. It's very good. He was supposedly also the only true surfer in the band. Yeah, exactly. And the other thing was that Terry Melcher, that producer that you mentioned, the reason he factors in so heavily is because he actually lived at the, the Tate house in Beverly Hills before Tate and them moved in. Yeah. So that was sort of the connection there. I guess Manson was going to kill him, right? No, No. So here is what a lot of people think. They think that, again, he was sending a message to Terry Melcher saying, I can't kill you, but I can get close to you and I know you're gonna hear about this because this happened at the house you were living in a month or so before.


I'm just gonna go in and have my people indiscriminately slaughter, whoever's there, but this is, this is you, this is what's going on. He, he supposedly was well aware that Terry Melcher didn't live there any longer because he'd spoken to the guy who actually owned the house and was asking him where Terry Melcher went. And all the guy would tell him was Malibu. So he knew it wasn't Melcher in that house anymore. Gotcha. Alright. So they eventually leave Dennis Wilson's house. Dennis Wilson's like, you guys are great and all the ladies are nice, the acid is decent, but it's time for you to go. So they live, they leave in 1968 still. And he, they, they go to Spawn Ranch, which you mentioned earlier, S-P-A-H-N.


And this was a, it was kind of weird that they ended up living here, but it was, it was out in kind of the outskirts of la There are lots of ranches like the Disney Ranch or the Universal Ranch where they shoot a lot of stuff and they have old sets that are still there, whether it's Mash or Planet of the Apes or just an old West set. And Spawn Ranch was one of these that had closed down and it was an old west set and they actually, it's a state park now, but they did have permission to live there. They didn't just squat there. They sort of had a little agreement to do a little maintenance work and they were allowed to stay. So some of 'em are there, some of them are at places like at a camp in Death Valley and then just scattered all over LA as far as Manson family members and just random houses and apartments.


Right. But the main place that, that Manson and the, the Inner Circle wa was at Spawn Ranch. And they would, they would go on what they called creepy crawls, which were these little crime sprees would like you said, they would go out and burgle cars or, or rob people and just to kinda keep the money and the drugs flowing. Right. And so Spawn Ranch was almost like a little more legit. They were in much closer contact with other people out in Death Valley at the Barker Ranch that was far more secluded, way out in the desert, way more disconnected from society. And that was the place where they expected to wait out helter skelter while the, the everybody else in the country killed one another.


That's right. So you've got this whole, this whole weirdo family. They're, they're criminals, they're engaged in prostitution, there's violence, you know, there's physical violence, but ultimately they're, they kind of resemble hippies here or there, super counterculture. But things turned dark. And they turned dark after this seminal thing that happened to the rest of the world. But really, really spoke to Charles Manson in particular. And that was the November 22nd, 1968 release of the Beatles White album. Alright. you know what, this is gonna be a two-parter. It's pretty clear.


So let's go ahead and end this one on a cliffhanger featuring the Beatles. Right. Does that sound good? It? Yeah, it does. So pick Back a part two with the White album. Let's do it. Alright. Alright. Well in the meantime, while you guys are chewing over what Chuck just said, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howtstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a p as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA s not a bank. See public com slash disclosures for more.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.