
Hey everybody. I want to talk to you about courses from Squarespace. Start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and tailor your course with a powerful fluid engine editor. Create engaging content with your audience that they're gonna love. Then just simply add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee, or even sell subscriptions. Turn that creativity into income with Squarespace courses. And right now, go to squarespace.com/stuff for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey everyone, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our January, 2016 episode on Futurology. It's one of those topics that has a name that makes it sound way cooler and far out than it actually is, but happily, we found that when you dig into it, even the blandest parts of futurology are super interesting. Still hope you like this one, guys. Welcome, To. Stuff. You. Should. Know. A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant and Jerry's here.


And it's Stuff You. Should. Know from the future, but not really How. You doing? I'm fine. Well, good. That's good. I enjoyed this topic. I thought it was kind of neat. Yeah, it was. It was funny, like when you're reading about Futurology and Futurologists, AKA futurists, you, you tend to want to make it like more than it actually is. Yeah. And when you look into the topic, it keeps having to be beaten down just because of the name alone. Yeah. You sound like a little bit like a wackadoo. A wackadoo If. you say you're a futurist, A seer. Yeah. And you know these, sometimes they're thinking about, they're using these, these really neat techniques to predict the future.


They're talking about some really mundane stuff. Yeah. Boring stuff, economic forecasts, things like that. How much oil will be left in 30 years. Yeah. That kind of thing. But then on the other hand, If, you're a futurologist. You may also be tasked with figuring out what technology we're gonna be using in 30 years. Yeah. Or you know, what, what, what color the shiny jumpsuits we're all gonna wear will be. Yeah. That kind of stuff. Yeah. I think one of my favorite things is to look at past future predictions. Yeah. That's fun. Yeah. There's nothing that'll make someone look less knowledgeable than going back to what they thought the future would look like in the year 2000. Right.


Like back in the 1930s or forties or sometimes some of those things happen. Yeah. And then it's amazing. Yeah. Then it's like, wow, he, you know, because sometimes There's something to this. Sometimes these guys are like really, really dead on. And I was reading an article, I think it was in Harvard Business Review, and it was a post by Paul sfo, who runs a venture capital firm, I believe called Discern. Yeah. And Paul SFA was saying like he was, he was trying to get across that sci-fi authors and futurologists, their paths overlap quite a bit, but really there's pretty big distinctions.


And even in this article, they got lumped in together. Yeah. Because sci-fi writers do definitely use futurology techniques. But Paul SFO was saying like, yeah, but a real futurologist, you have to use logic. Right. Whereas if you're a sci-fi writer, you can just use your imagination. You don't have to back it up with anything. Yeah. It was great. If, you're a futurologist. You have to use logic that makes sense to the, the whoever's hearing your prediction. Yeah. And I think that's one reason why some sci-fi writers have been right on the nose with some future predictions, because they're not hampered by logic and they can just freeform, you know?


Yeah. But then it's just a lucky guess. No, I don't think so. I think they're still applying a lot of the same rules of futurology. Yeah. But they're just not bound by, you know, the, the laws of, well, not the laws, but you know what I mean. The laws of logic. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I'm with you. But that's the best science fiction though, I think is something that logically makes sense. Yeah. But 'cause then it's, it's just fantasy. Yeah, That's true. So Futurology is recognizing and assessing potential future events. I could have sworn Jonathan Strickland wrote this, by the way it read. Yeah. But it was not No, it's very Strickland desk, Nicholas Gerbi.


Yeah. That's Strickland's alter ego. I wonder If it is, I've never met this Nicholas Gerbi. But the point Gerbi makes, which I think is good, is it's a, a product of our times in many cases, like depending on where we are as a society, and like he makes a great point. During the Civil War, there probably weren't a lot of like rosy predictions for the future American Civil War. Sure. but in the Gilded Age, people are a lot more optimist, optimistic. So they may have, you know, it's a whole different deal, like during the Cold War, for instance. Right. A lot of paranoia, a lot of cynicism. Probably not gonna be a rosy outlook for the future. Right. Like during the Gilded Age When it was rosier.


Yeah. Way more optimistic than the Cold War, Which is kind of ironic because the Gilded Age didn't have anything to be optimistic about. They were just pretending, hence the name. Yeah. The, the thing is, what you've just said though is, is kind of an argument against Futurology. 'cause one of the big critiques of it is that a futurologist, they're not doing anything, even if you're commenting on the past Yeah. Or the future, you're still really commenting about your present. You're contemporary time, because that's what you Or recent past. Sure. Yeah. That's what you some what you've lived through and experienced, that's all you can really reflect on is is Yeah.


And, and Futurology seeks to go beyond that. Well, Yeah, that makes sense though. If, you like, look at this thing that is happening now or just happened. Yeah. Then what is going to be happening in that thing in 10 years? Right. And it's, it's a lot of times based on how the direction it's currently going. Yes. Okay. So Gerus makes a pretty good, gives a good example that the cell phone grew outta the telegraph, which ultimately is related further back to the smoke signal. Sure. Right. Yeah. But If, you were a futurologist hanging out around somebody who was sending smoke signals. Would you be able to predict the cell phone?


Probably not. Or probably not. Could you predict the impact of the automobile or the highway system? Right. Maybe. But would you predict that people would have sex in the backseat of a car because maybe it provides a little Well, I don't think they did. Or urban sprawl. Yeah. Could you predict exurbs? Yeah. And Edge Cities, just because the highways got built. Yeah. And not a lot of people did, even though a lot of people said, there's going to be horseless carriages one day, and it's going, they're going to change things big time. People are gonna be able to move around a lot more. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that everybody saw every result of the automobile.


It was a game changer. Yeah. Is, is what you could call it. Agreed. So what we're saying here, and if it sounds a little weird that we're at once supporting and criticizing Futurology, that's basically the fun thing to do when you talk about Futurology, is to criticize it and be awed by it. Because a lot of times they really are super. Right. That's right. Futurology has been around for a long time. I mean, there, since people were writing fiction, there were people predicting the future. Right. But as far as, things didn't really get going as far as it being meaningful until after World War ii when the US started developing technological forecasting, basically.


Like, it was really important to try and see where things were going militarily. Right. 'cause it was super expensive to develop new technologies. It could take a long time. So they started thinking, Hey, we need to get some people on board that can kind of hopefully predict where we're headed here so we can make the right decisions. Yeah. Because if it takes a really long time, like you said, to develop a weapon, by the time you have that weapon in deployed in the field, you're going to need to know it's not already obsolete. Right. The only way to do that is to predict what kind of warfare you're gonna be engaged in. Yeah. Because this is a time, like at the end of World War ii, so many inventions came outta World War I, Andi Yeah. War machine inventions that, that things were changing so quickly that there was actually, you can kind of put modern futurology into the lap of one guy, an Air Force general named Hap Arnold, who saw that things were changing so fast that his Air Force needed to basically predict the future and see what direction it needed to go.


Right. So he looked around and he started tapping people to do that. One of the first people he tapped was a, a scientist, an aeronautical engineer named Theodore Von Carmen. Yes. He was a super smart dude, and he led a team that did predict a lot of stuff like drones. And as far as you know, the military using drones, not your uncle who flies it around the neighborhood. Right. Just to film stuff. He predicted the rise of Brookstone, Target seeking missiles, supersonic aircraft, and even the atom bomb. All of this was in one report. Yeah. To hap Arnold. Like this is, this is like, and this guy knocked it outta the park.


But he and his group were very much limited to small academic and military circles. Like the general public wasn't aware that this was going on, but he, his group, Von Carmen's group, so accurately foresaw the direction that the, that modern warfare was going. That you can very also, very easily make the case that no, he basically created a roadmap to the future that the Air Force followed. So, as his prophecy were self-fulfilling. Yeah. Because he said, go this way, and the Air Force went that way. Yeah. And created all this stuff. Yeah. And then the, the, the military and, well, the, the Rand Corporation specifically, it grew out of the US Air Force and Douglas Aircraft in the mid forties.


They said, well, having one person to say these things is great, but what we need is a, a team and a consensus among this team. So they kind of, well, not kind of, they very much patented a technique they called the Delphi technique. D-E-L-P-H-I. And that is basically a technique where they're trying to get agreed on consensus from a number of people. So there's, there's this very famous story about how the, the Navy, I think lost a, a submarine, a nuclear submarine, or the Russians had lost a submarine, something like that. There was a lost sub that they wanted to find, and they had no idea where it was.


So the Navy polled all these different, different experts and all these different fields that might have something to do with nuclear submarines, weather Yeah. Aeronautics people from noaa, all these people. Right. And ask them, where do you think this sub is? And no one hid it on the nose, but when they, when they basically used statistical distribution of these various opinions Yeah. Guesses of professionals, it led them right to that sub. And that's what the Delphi technique does too. It it takes opinions of experts in various fields and says, what do you think of this?


And everybody sends in a questionnaire and anonymously, and there's no group meetings. So the group doesn't bow to pressure. Sure. No. Leaders emerge. They're giving their unvarnished opinion. And then after the those opinions come in, they're, they, they take that information and send it out again. So it goes in rounds and rounds and rounds until they finally come to a group consensus that in the future we're all gonna be wearing metallic blue jumpsuits. Yeah. And what they're doing is generating what's known as a scenario. And a guy named Herman Kahn, KAHN, worked with Rand in the 1950s, and he's the one that kind of coined the term scenario as it applies to futurology.


Right. A, a pretty good definition, I found was a scenario is a, a detailed portrait of a plausible future world. One sufficiently vivid that a planner can clearly see and comprehend the problems, challenges, and opportunities that such an environment would present. So it's, it's, you know, it's saying, in the future, we're gonna have a scenario where there are gonna be robots in every house Sold. Yeah. Yeah. And one of the biggest ways that they work on scenarios is with something called back casting, which is starting at the end, which is you got a robot in every house. Right. And then go backwards To how you got there. Yeah. To how we, how you got There. Brilliant. Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah. And a scenario.


That's a pretty cool scenario. They can also be as mundane as running a fire drill where you're envisioning the fire broke out in the high school gym. Right. And so everybody needs to get out. That's a, that's a scenario. It's as simple as that. Yeah. There, the, the weather forecasts or economic forecasts that are run through computer algorithms. The computer algorithms, the model, the process that it's going through is the scenario. And it spits out a, a possible prediction thing. It's Almost like effect to then cause Right. Yeah. you know? Yeah. Excellently put. Thank you. So Herman Kahn worked with Rand and, And he had, did you look him up at all? Oh, Yeah. He's one of the inspirations for Dr.


Strange Love. Yeah. He, he was described as a super genius. Yeah. He was super smart. And he, he kind of was a bit of a celebrity at the time. He wrote a book in 1961, called On Thermonuclear War, and then went on to form left hand to form the Hudson Institute, where he basically was like, we're a group that is going to forecast the future. So, And he became, it was a like, super popular book. Yeah. And he spawned a lot of other books. Similar books. Well, we need to take a break, but we're, we're getting, we will get right back to this in a second.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that. That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you want do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch. You can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday night Football. you know, I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


So Chuck, you were just talking about Herman Kahn being the super genius who is something of a celebrity. I read that Timothy Leary animated that he had taken acid with him. I believe It. He was a, a part of the inspiration for Dr. Strangelove and this book that he wrote called the, the Year 2000, A Framework for Speculation on the next 33 years. Yeah. It basically established this outlook that, that America and capitalism could do anything thanks to basically technological inventiveness. Yeah. Here's, let's hear some of these.


There was a list in that book, 100 Technical Innovations, very likely in the last third of the 20th century. A hundred, some of the first 10 multiple applications of lasers. Boom. High strength structural materials. Nailed it. Wouldn't you think? Hello? New or improved materials for equipment and appliances. No, that's, that's easy. Yeah. Anyone can say that. Sure. I'd be better Material than the future. I predict that now for 2050. Longer range. Longer range weather forecasting, more reliable weather forecasting. Eh, I Don't know about that one.


I think that was a miss. How about this? Here here are a few of the other ones. New techniques for cheap and reliable birth control. For sure. Yeah. The pill. I don't know if the pill was around. We should do a whole Thing about that. It may have been the same year. 'cause it came out in 67. Was it? Yeah. Use, Well, this book came out in 67. I mean Right, Right. Widespread use of nuclear reactors for power. Duh. Improved capability to change sex of a children or adult Gender reassignment, Pervasive business use of computers. Yeah. They're all over Personal pagers. Yeah. That came and went. And then one of the other ones was home computers to run households and communicate with the outside world.


Yeah. The internet of things. Yeah. They also predicted the rise of the credit economy. Oh, Really? Yeah. That we currently are in. Interesting. Yeah. So, and that was just like a list, like a sidebar basically. Yeah. In the book, in this book. But the whole, the whole idea that America and capitalism in the West could invent its way out of any problem we possibly ran across in the future was the, the, the premise or the position of this book. And it caused a, an enormous fur Yeah. In academic circles. And not just academic circles. Because this book was one of the first to introduce to the public that there were such things as think tanks like Rand Yeah.


And that the, or the Club of Rome. Yeah. And that these people were sitting there thinking about the future and were writing books about it. Yeah. And it kind of became a, a hip thing. But the Club of Rome was basically diametrically opposed to the, the outlook that Herman Khan had. And the Club of Rome was a business consortium that conspiracy theorists say is basically the seat of the new world order. They're still around. They are. And the, the Club of Rome basically said, no, we we're, we are establishing the gloom and doom camp that there is such thing as resource depletion, overpopulation, And. we are basically doomed. Yeah. I mean, we've, we've covered this a lot on the show. Different people that have made wild predictions about we're gonna run out of this by this year.


Or Like Thomas Malice. Yeah. Very Malthusian. One of the books that came out of the Club of Rome in 1972 was called Limits to Growth by Danella, h Meadows, Dennis Meadows, Jurgen Rands, and William Barons at MIT. And they had a very dire apocalyptic outlook of the future, as did a lot of other people at the time. And a lot of these were way off base. A lot of these dire predictions. Right. you know, it's happened over and over again. Yeah. And so on the Club of Rome's website, they defend the, the limits to growth, or No, not the limits to growth. The Yeah. The limits to growth book.


Basically saying that it's often mis sighted as predicting the collapse of civilization Yeah. Due to renewable resource overuse. Right. And it doesn't do that. But they did use these same kind of techniques that Herman Kahn and some of his other colleagues were coming up with by, by taking population information, food production data Sure. Industrial production pollution and non-renewable resource consumption. And then running scenarios through this model that they built using computers. Right. And coming up, the, the scenarios they came up with were kind of grim.


The thing is, is even though they missed the mark, they still helped establish a, a very young idea. Yeah. That we, we can't just, you can't just throw your McDonald's styrofoam on the ground. Right. You can't drive a car that gets two miles per gallon. Right. Like, we can't live, like, everything is just forever abundant that there's no such thing as scarcity. Yeah. It, it's a double-edged sword though. Like, I totally agree. But then it also, when you're wrong about these things, it gives cynics something to point to, to say, yeah, for sure. Well see, we didn't run outta oil in the early 1980s, like you said, we would And. we don't So why do anything about it? Yeah. I mean, man, that is a great point.


It's a, it's a very great point. But at the same time, what you're seeing here between the limits to growth and the year 2000, they, we still see this today with climate change. Oh yeah. you know, it's like, let's do something about climate change. The other people say, no, we can invent our way out of it. And besides if we do something about climate change, it's gonna mess with the economy. Right. And these people are saying, forget about the economy. We are all going to die. Yeah. Or not necessarily forget about the economy, but maybe you can do both. Right. you know? Yeah. you know, my whole deal with that has always been just like, why, why take that risk? Well, we humans aren't very good at like, preparing for future risk, which is I think one of the reasons why futurologists are so revered and and odd, but also mocked and scorned.


'cause they're doing something that's almost, almost flies in the face of human nature. Yeah. You're really putting yourself out there when you predict some of this stuff. You are, Oh, that was one other episode that, that just reminded me of the 10,000 year clock. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was a great one. Yeah. So the military, the United States military obviously has used it for years. Then beginning when was this in the sixties or seventies? That business got into it. So in 1972, I think Royal Dutch shell Okay. Heard somebody at the top heard that there wasn't gonna be any oil in by 1985. And they went What? Yeah. Businesses basically said, wait a minute.


There are people that can actually use models to determine what the future might look like. Right. How can we use that to make money? Well, It's throw money at 'em and find out Exactly A couple of other places too that, that were nascent think tanks. And like Rand was the Stanford Research Institute Futures group in the California Institute of Technology. Yeah. Early, like, kind of think tank breeding grounds. Just smart people walking around thinking about the future. But that wasn't enough. You can't just say, this is what I think it's gonna be like. You have to back it up and we'll talk about how they back it up right after this.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday night Football. you know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 iion. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims in the on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


How do they back it up? Well, they use different techniques. If you're a futurist or a futurologist, you're gonna be using techniques that are pretty recognizable. But the way you put 'em together and the things you sort out is, is what's going to make you successful or not successful. Right. So you're, you might brainstorm ideas. Yeah. That's probably where you start. Yep. It's just like blue sky territory as they say. Yeah. You imagine things using scenarios or games, apparently. Game theory. But we gotta do that at some point. Yeah, I've been avoiding it. 'cause Me too. It's so like we Would, it's a mind bender. We could mess it up really bad. Yeah. But we'll do it. That, that changed the, the futurism field tremendously when they came up with game theory because it's a pretty good way of predicting how people will work.


Yeah. And that's one of the big confounding factors is it, it you can predict something, follow every single one of these steps that we're talking about right now, and then people will just cut to the left all of a sudden and your prediction just fell to the wayside because humanity went this way real quick. Yeah. Or somebody invented a game changer. A game changing product or Right. Innovation Yeah. That nobody saw coming. Yeah. What's that called? Disruptive technology. Is it? Yeah. That's a good, I like that. Not a bad band name. Oh, I wonder if it's out there. If, if so it's made of like Silicon Valley rich guys. Yeah. This is like my side band. Right.


Do you want to gather professional opinions using say the Delphi technique? Yeah. You wanna do historical analysis? Sure. Current trends are very huge and can help you as well. And then, like you were saying, I think you call it Backmasking. No, that's turn me on Dead Man. Right From the Beatles. Yeah. That's what they do. They listen to the Beatles backwards. Where, what was, it's not backmasking. I know. But where they, where you envision a future and then you work your way backward from it. When you do this, you, you do all this stuff together. And again, back Casting.


Back casting. Yeah. And when you're, when you're using this along with computer algorithms that can model like the economy or the weather or oil consumption or something like that, you can come up with something that you could rightly say is a prediction or a forecast for the future where we're going to be. That's right. Again though, just things happen. Like for example, Herman Khan did not predict the the oil crisis that came the year after he wrote another famous book. Yeah. In 1972. He, he wrote a, a response, I think to limits, to growth and just totally missed the oil crisis.


Yeah. But how could he predict that? Because the oil crisis came out of the OPEC oil embargo. That was punishment for the USS being involved in the Yam Kipper war. So you couldn't see that coming. No. And that's the big problem with futurology. Yes, exactly. Our own US government has been wrong. The US Department of Interior announced twice in 1939. And then in 1951 that we only had 13 years of oil left. Yeah. It's so weird that both times it was 13 years. They don't like to bother people, so they wait until there's 13 years left and they sound is what it is. I think it's just such a specific number. It is. What else? Well, we, we've talked about Moore's Law before.


That has aged a little better than some other futurology predictions because it has been revised over the years, which is sort of a cheat a Little bit, but still, What I really meant was Right. I think he went from 18 months to two years or something like that. But the, what's funny is Gerba stakes, his position in this article, he is saying like, the limits to growth and the other Club of Rome stuff, they missed the mark because they predicted catastrophe. Yeah. And Moore's law predicts technological innovation. So it's successful. So Yeah. Clearly Gerbi agrees with the Herman Khan Group rather than the, the Club of Rome group.


I don't think it's settled. I think you, you can't just say like the, the gloom and doom camp has just been completely eradicated or proven wrong. Agreed. you Know? Yeah. Moore's Law, I don't even think we said specifically, it predicts the number of transistors on integrated circuits and computers doubles every two years. Right. And like we said, it's been updated and it's been pretty consistent. And so with Herman Kahn's popularity and then the, the big high profile book publishing argument that he got in with the Club of Rome that led to like a spade of other futurology books that were, I Remember. Yeah. I remember it being a big deal when I was a kid. Yeah. I remember a lot of people talking about the, the near and far future.


The one that I ran across in this article that I, I had heard of, but I didn't know anything about Alvin Toffler iss Future Shock. Oh, I remember that. I think, Did you read it? No. The, the cover I guarantee would just give you nostalgia I'm sure. Oh really? But it came out in 1970 and it predicts a future where too much rapid change, technological change and advancement. It happens too quickly and people get all sorts of stressed and just worn out and basically have all, all manner of terrible reactions to it. And I'm like, oh, well that guy predicted 2015. So like a person's emotions couldn't handle.


Yeah. We're just overwhelmed. Oh, okay. Through Too much rapid technological innovation happens too quick. Do you think We're overwhelmed? Like I get stressed out by like say social media or something like that? Yeah. I wonder if it's a certain people of a certain age Maybe. Yeah. I would guess if you're born into it, you're used to it. So it would probably more, more likely apply to a transition population, right. Like us, The transitional generation. Is that what we are? Don't you get stressed by social media? Don't you get like, just tense and Yeah. I mean I kind of just hate it Or having like having information, all this information and all of it's just so thin. Yeah.


Content wise or, or value wise. But there's tons of it. Yeah. And it's always coming at you. Yep. Always. That stuff wears me out. It wears me out too. I got the future shock, Chuck. Yeah. You got, you got the Jimmy legs. Yeah. No, I totally agree. I'm like that. I just want to shut it all down. Just Everybody Not podcasts though, right? That should live on. So we talked about science fiction writers and how they are easily off the hook because they're just writers. Right. They're not supposed to predict the future, but they have been, you can't dismiss it 'cause they've been on the money or close to it a lot over the years.


Yeah. Because like we said, they're not hampered by the rational laws of, of today. They can just say whatever they want and if they're wrong, it's like, Hey dude, I'm just writing stuff. Yes. This is fiction. Right. But a few of the highlights, Jules Verne, mid 19th century predicted going to the moon in a spacecraft. Not only that, so he, he predicted it would be shot out of a, a cannon basically. Yeah. The big gun. But the thing that he really got though was that he, he placed the moonshot in Florida. Yeah. Like 137 miles from Cape Canaveral where they do launch rockets to the moon.


Not bad. No. And for the same reason too, like that it was, it's close to the equator. Oh. Is that why? That's one of the reasons why plus Cape Canaveral is largely protected by the Gulf Stream, right. From hurricanes. Like as a hurricane comes ashore, right. Before it starts to get to Canaveral, it goes out again. Right. And then hits North Carolina. Interesting. That, that'd be an interesting conversation to have been in on Like Oh, when they were picking places. Yeah. Like where should we launch? Yeah. This, I mean, where should we put all of our money into it? Right. HG Wells, he predicted tanks. Yeah. He was in 1903, Supposedly he was the first guy to really think of himself as a futurist.


He predicted the atom bomb in 1908. Aerial bombing in 1908. What the, the, the name Robit was actually coined by a science fiction writer, a Czech writer named Carl Koeck in, in 1921. He named Robots. I think the all time winner though is Hugo Gerba and Hugo Gerba. If you're into science fiction, you'd recognize his first name. 'cause he's who the Hugo Award is named after. Yeah. You may also recognize his last name too, if you're a Hugo Gerba fan, but back in I think the 1910s Yeah. 19 women he was writing. Yeah. He wrote a book called Ralph 1 2 4 C 41.


Plus he predicted everything in this. Yeah. you know what that means? It's actually a play on words. One to it means 1, 2, 4 C for one another. You get it? Wow. Yeah. That's great. 1, 2, 4 C for one. And then another is the plus sign. Yeah. Yeah. That, that alone I was sold. Yeah. It's like, I love this guy. It's just like that Van Halen album. Oh, U 8 1 2. Exactly. So what has he predicted? He predicted solar power, like the, the realistic use of solar power. He predicted plastics, video phones, tape recorders, jukeboxes, loudspeakers, Tinfoil, rust, poof.


Steel, synthetic fabrics, all in one book. And he's famous. And the Hugo Awards named after him because he wanted to make science fiction more science based. Yeah. you know, using that same logic. So he would've been a very, like almost a father of futurology. Oh yeah, for sure. you know, here's a few other things that, from that book, this one to me, I'm surprised no one's done this yet. The appetizer, which is at a restaurant in a, in an advanced scientifically advanced restaurant. It, it'll be a room that you wait in before you get your table that's flooded with gases that make you hungry. Oh yeah. Not bad. Yeah. Just have a seat in the appetizer room.


Your table will be ready shortly. There's like bloody fingernails that scratched into the walls as people are trying to get to the other room where the food is. The tele the Telegraph, which is basically a fax machine. Okay. The phot, which was a picture phone, it had a universal translator where they translate any language right there on your, in your hand. Yeah. Not bad. And then this one I love, the Vacation City was a suspended city in a, a domed suspended city, 20,000 feet in the air that used a device that nullified gravity. And in Vacation city, no mechanical devices are permitted because it was supposed to be a true escape.


That's awesome. From the mechanized world, Waiting for that one. And this was in 1911? Yeah. He predicted just that there would be a need for that. That's like that town in West Virginia, green something West Virginia where the people who have electromagnetic sensitivity go because you're not allowed to have any electromagnetic stuff. Oh really? Because there's like a radio telescope where there's something there. You could Be Amish that could be interfered with. Yeah. And you could go be Amish. Can You just be Amish? No. Like, hey, I wanna be Amish. If you're Harrison Ford, you could be Yeah. Or Woody Harrelson. Yeah. Right. You got anything else? How about these predictions for the future? There's a couple in here that are kind of funny.


10 predictions that missed the mark. And these are real predictions. In 1967, US News and World Report said that by the end of the century, we will launch our freight across the continent with missiles. Yeah. Like you order something from Amazon in New York instead of having a fulfillment center nearby. Right. They just put it in a missile and shoot it to you. Yeah. Didn't happen. No, but drones are coming. Are they really? Are they still On that? Probably. Okay. In 1955, a guy named Alex LeWitt predicted nuclear power vacuum cleaners. This one I think would be pretty great dissolving dishes.


Yeah. And ask what it would be like in the year 2000, A science writer named walde com. There's a lot of man. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. He's a fabulous science writer with a funny name Consonants in a row. He said you would basically put your plate in 250 degree water at the end and it would just dissolve it. No more dish washing. Bucky Fuller predicted that Canada would be a subtropical climate because we would build a dome over it. That didn't happen. No, it didn't. Which is strange because Bucky Fuller was pretty sharp.


Dude, Here's another one. Was he really? Yeah. Buckminster Fuller. Oh, I didn't pick up on that. He's who Bucky Balls are named after. Really? Why? I don't, he may have invented 'em. I'm not sure. Huh? What's a Bucky ball? It's the, those little balls that are magnetic spheres that like you can Oh, those shape into Bucky Balls. Yeah. Yeah. Here's one, a Scottish geneticist that said in the 1920s that in the future, one third of the babies would not be born. Oh. Only one third would be born as a result of pregnancy. And the other babies would be born in a lab. Would they be grown?


Basically Exogenesis. Yeah. Here's the last one, Chuck, you ready? I'm ready. 1975, the Research Institute of America, which sounds pretty smart, said that by 1975, I'm sorry, this is several years before that we would all be driving personal helicopters. Yeah. Did not pan out. Probably never will. I don't know if I'd want a personal helicopter. You know, I was, for Emily's birthday, I rented a cabin in the north Georgia Mountains. Hmm. Or some friends. Did you take a personal helicopter there? No, but I was sitting on the deck. We all were. And way across the valley on the side of a mountain was this huge, huge house.


And I heard a sound of a helicopter and I was like, and I saw a blinking light. I got out the binoculars and this dude had a helicopter. Wow. And he took it and he flew it down about two miles to the lake at the bottom of the valley. And I guess he has a lake house and a mountain house. And the easiest way to get there is to make the four minute helicopter flight. That's crazy. Yeah. Wow. It was, it was pretty amazing. Wow. I wanna know who that guy is and not guy. Could be a lady. Yeah, It Could be. What am I saying? Could Be Carly Fiorina. Yeah, who's that? She's the The woman who's running for GOP President Candidate. Oh, right, Fiorina.


That's right. Gotcha. Go ahead. I'm Done. Oh. Oh, sorry. Let's see. Well, If, you wanna know more about Futurology? You can type that word into the search bar@houseofworks.com. And since Chuck had an anecdote about helicopters, it's time for listener mail. It sort of looked like one of those magnum PI ones too. Well, If I did have a personal helicopter, it would look an awful lot like that. I'm sure it Would. Hey guys, my name is Shelby. I'm honored for you to be reading this. My husband and I love your show and you've solved our dilemma as to what to listen to in our car together. I wanna let you know you did a great job on the hiv aids podcast. However, I think you missed telling a really important story about the AIDS crisis.


Just before the AIDS crisis broke a method for treating hemophilia called a clotting factor. Concentrate was developed. Finally let those suffering from the disease live into adulthood and completely change the landscape of the the disorder. By the time HIV was discovered to be a bloodborne virus, many of those suffering from hemophilia already had it. Not to mention that many also contracted hepatitis. However, the pharmaceutical companies did not begin to pasteurize the drug in spite of their knowledge that it was spreading. HIV until a strong public outcry prompted a government intervention. I think the story is not told often enough in the injustice that these individuals suffered at the hands of big pharma is undoubtedly one of the greatest our country has seen. Man, there's an extremely informative and sad documentary on the topic called Bad Blood Colon, A cautionary Tale.


Anyway, that's about it. And I'm sorry if I bummed everyone out. That is Who Is, that is from Shelby. Shelby, Thank you for not only that illuminating email. Yeah. But also the documentary recommendation. We're always looking for those. Absolutely. If. you want to get in touch with us? You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howtstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, see public.com/disclosures for more


Top reasons. Your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel Core Ultra processors.