
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 800 the number four Rocket. Or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC, licensed in 50 states in mls, consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Hey there friends, it's me, Josh, and for this week's SYSK Select, I've chosen our 2019 episode on the Yeti. It's really fun to talk about serious attempts. People make the fine cryptids 'cause we're just like tourists looking in on a world that's new to us. And that turns out to be pretty neat. And if the story about Jimmy Stewart and here sounds familiar, we also recently covered it in our Tom Slick episode, so you're not experiencing Deja vu, which is another episode that we did before. So you're not experiencing Deja vu, which is another episode we did before. Enjoy. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry over there. Somewhere over there. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the Continuing Cryptozoology edition. Oh, this finishes it, right? Oh, I don't know about that. We've done Bigfoot Lochness, monster Yeti. We haven't done like Moth Man. The Chupacabra Chupacabra. That's a big one too. Yeah, there's a lot Of Slender Man. Slender Man's. More internet folklore than anything. Did we do that one or did we think about it and not do it? The latter of those two, If I remember correctly.


I said it stinks or something. Yeah. If I remember correctly, it hurt my feelings. Oh man. Oh, I think it was, I think we could do Slender Man now. It was just so early on that it was very thin. Now I think it would be more robust. It was slender. Yeah, that's right. Well, today we're talking about the Yeti, which is not slender, depending on which Yeti you're talking about, Chuck. It's either enormous and like eight feet tall, covered in gray or white or maybe sometimes reddish hair. Sure. Weighing 400, 500 pounds easily.


Yeah. Or actually it is kind of slender. It could be basically what amounts to a, a wild hippie. Basically a somebody who likes to grub roots out of the ground and lets out a, a squeal or a cry every once in a while just to, I guess, know that they're alive. And there's really two competing versions of what those of us in the Western world would would think was the Yeti. But the one we're really talking about is the first one. What we also think of as the abominable snowman. How tall was hippie rob? He was average like five something, I guess.


Like high fives probably. He was a little shorter than me. Okay. Yeah. All right. He was not, he was not the, he was not the, the Yeti of legend as far as I know he could be now though. Well, I don't know. It just sounded an awful lot like him. It kinda does, doesn't it? Yep. Yelping in the mountains. Scrubbing for roots. Yep. Covered in, in dirt and with wild, crazy hair. So I think we should just tell, like If you don't know what we're talking about, this is the, the legendary beast that lives in Asia. Yeah. Around the Himalayas typically. Yeah. So it, it's known as Asia's Bigfoot or maybe Bigfoot is known as North America's Yeti.


I don't know. I guess Yeti came first, right? Yeah. I think Yeti's been around with the Sherpa of Tibet for a very long time. Yeah. And that's sort of the deal of this, the origin story of this thing is the Yeti has been told for many, many years in traditional stories in that area. There was a, there was someone named Shiva Daal that collected a bunch of these stories and a book called Folk Tales of Sherpa and Yeti. And all of them kind of figured the same way, which was whether it's a story called the Annihilation of the Yeti, in which this is pretty good, it's about Sherpa seeking revenge on a tormenting group of Yetis.


This sounds like something that should be on like the sci-fi channel. I would be very surprised if it wasn't. But all of these stories basically have the same moral message at the end, which is be, it's sort of like a grims fairy tale. Like be careful out on the woods. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. I think it, it serves the exact same purpose too, like in the Grims fairytales. And I thought the same thing. You know, there's witches that live in candy houses, so don't go wandering off in the woods kids. 'cause you'll end up getting eaten for little kids in Tibet. It was, don't wander off into the Tibetan plateau or the Yeti will get you and you'll, all sorts of terrible things will happen to you.


Which is funny because there are all sorts of real things that could kill you in the Tibetan plateau. Well, that's what I think what they were saying was, you know, you can't just be like, look out for the bears. You can't, kid will be like, I don't know, I can see a brash kid being like, no, a bear. Everybody knows what a bear is. I'll wrestle a bear any day of the week. Damn. Maybe. And then, you know, along the way it gets into a drinking contest with Marian from Indiana Jones. Oh yeah. And Right, right. Exactly. That was one of the best scenes in the history of film. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. And Tibetan kids tend to agree with me too. But before we move on, I wanna say one thing that annihilation of the Yeti keep, keep that in, in the back of your mind.


Okay. And the story was that like there were a bunch of Yeti that were hanging around and the Sherpa were sick of 'em hanging around. So the Sherpa basically threw a Yeti party Yeah. And got drunk and fought with each other to kind of provide an example to the Yeti, Hey, you should get drunk and fight with each other too, in the hopes of the Yeti would destroy each other. It didn't work. And the Yeti all managed to escape, except for one who was supposedly killed by a, a llama, one of the Buddhist monks in the area. Oh. That's part of the story. That's the end. That's the annihilation of the Yeti. Wow. Story. I didn't know a llama figure in. And really, annihilation is kind of a strong word If you think about it, because If you just killed one out of I think 240 Yeti, it's hardly annihilation.


That's a good point. I think so too. So throughout history, these legends have been pervasive in the region. So much so that supposedly the great Alexander or Alexander the Great. Right. I'm not sure why I did that. I don't either. When he came through town and conquered the Indus Valley, he said, I'd like to see one of you famous said Yetis. I don't know if that's what Alexander the Great sounded like. No, no. What Did ancient Roman sound like, if not Italian? Was he Roman? Was he Roman? I think he was Greek. Was he? Geez, How about, I Really screwed that up About say, let's see, I Knew that Do a German accent.


Oh, I'm just for him. I'm just gonna leave. No, hang, hang tight, Chuck, you can rebound. Yeah. Why, why did I think he was Roman and not Greek? I, I'm Just, well, because the Romans like to pretend they were Greek themselves. I'm not firing on all cylinders, but regardless of my bad accent, or maybe I should just edit back in and say, that was my Greek accent. There You go. He said, I wanna see a Yeti. And they, the local locals there were like, you know, we totally would do that. However, you can't get 'em down this low and you'd have to hike really high up in those mountains. And I know you're not down with that, so, right. Sorry. Yeah, exactly.


So I guess Alexander the Great was like, I'm bored. I can't believe we're still talking about this. Gimme some wine. Yeah, pretty much. And got in a drinking contest. And that was that. So the Yeti continued on in, in Sherpa tradition in, in Tibetan, Nepal and Bhutan. But in the West it kind of disappeared from view until the 20th century. And so remember these are tall tales that the, the Sherpa teach their kids. Although there is supposedly some, I guess general belief as well, but I, I can't, I can't quite penetrate it, but just imagine that it was just strictly tall tales. Okay. That Sherpa people told their kids.


Then Westerners came in and said, what is this you're talking about? Tell us about this. And just bought the whole thing hook, line and sinker. Yeah. And things really took form in 1921. There's a journalist named Henry Newman. He did an interview with some British explorers. And this is a time of great exploration, especially from the British, these sort of, these, I guess Indiana Jones like mountaineers who would go all over the world in search of these, you know, jungles and mountains in search of crazy beasts and, and treasures and things like that. Right? Sure. So he interviewed some of these guys and they said, you know what?


We found these huge footprints up in the mountains and the locals there, I guess Sherpa said, 'cause what isn't Sherpa the plural Sherpa? Didn't we determine that? I'm pretty, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. That was a good episode by the way, everyone. It was, go back and listen to that one. What Was the title? Warm, friendly living. Yeah. Because that's, I think what Tenzing Norge said. It's so great. Yeah. So they said that their guides, our Sherpa guides called them Mito Kmi. Which the translation, the real translation is a little awkward man Bear snowman. Right. But Newman confused all that he got the snowman part.


Right, right. But he translated that first part to mean meto, M-E-T-O-H, to mean filthy or dirty. And then he changed that on his own to the word abominable. Right. And that's where we get the abominable snowman. Yeah. He was like, I don't like filthy snowman. I'm gonna change the name that I've already gotten wrong. Right. And turn it into abominable snowman. Yeah. He really great journalist. But it's fascinating that you can trace it back to this one dummy. Yeah. That's the whole, the abominable snowman. That's where it came from, was this one guy. And that obviously just completely captured the attention of the rest of the world. When he, he, he wrote this because like, this was not just like, oh yeah, they heard about an abominable snowman.


It was these, these explorers found tracks and their Sherpa guides told them the tracks belonged to this abominable snowman. Therefore there are abominable snowmen living in the Himalayas. And the explorer who was, who led that particular expedition was Charles Howard Berry. Howard Berry, BURY. And apparently he and Newman were really big into promoting the idea of an, an abominable snowman or men living in the Himalayas. And it that it just being like this giant huge creature with shaggy hair and very much akin to Bigfoot. But If you look at the, the, the descriptions, the traditional descriptions of the Yeti, they're, they're much smaller and not nearly as huge as the, the Westerners kind of immediately made it out to be.


Yeah. There was one description, one of the earlier written descriptions from 1942. There was a researcher named Mira Shaley, and I believe that she got this information from two hikers that reported seeing the Yeti. Right. And this is what they said. The height was not much less than eight feet so tall for sure, but it's not like it was 10 feet tall. Right. The head were, were the heads. 'cause there were two of them were described as squareish. And the ears must lie close to the skull. 'cause there was no projection from the silhouette against the snow. The shoulders sloped slowly down to a powerful chest covered by reddish brown hair, which formed a close body fur mixed with long straight hairs hanging downward about the size and build of a small man, the head covered with long hair, but the face and chest not very hairy at all.


This, this, this all sounds like they, they always describe him as, or it as bipedal Right. Means, you know, walking upright. Right. But If you, If you go back and look at that 1942 description and how detailed it was. Yeah. Those hikers who gave the description said that they, they saw, they saw all this from observing two black specks moving across the snow about a quarter mile below them. Yeah. And yet they could see that it had a, a thick undercoat in like a very long hairy overcoat and that it was reddish and like that's just, just basically perfect abominable snowman sighting.


Yeah, yeah. Agreed. But, But it's one of like many, like after, after that Howard Berry expedition came back and, and Newman broadcasters to the world, people started going to the Himalayas in droves. And they weren't just necessarily looking for the abominable snowman. Everest was there and everybody knew Everest was there. And a lot of people wanted to be the first one to summit Everest, their first westerner, I should say, to Summit Everest. So the, while a lot of them were in the area, they're like, well, we'll look for the abominable snowman while we're here too. Yeah. And some pretty legendary mountaineers. And granted, these are not like zoologists or anything, but they're respected men in their field.


People like Reinhold Messer. And one Sir Edmund Hillary both searched for evidence of the Yeti while they were hiking. And Messer even wrote a book called My Quest for the Yeti, confronting the Himalaya's deepest mystery. Right. But I mean, well, we'll we'll save the big reveal till the end, right? Or the third act of this show. Okay. Is There a third act? Yeah, there's gotta be. Okay. We're in big trouble. If there's not, Well, why don't we take a break and then we'll come back and talk a little bit about a couple of more of these reported sightings. Let's Do it. All right. Well now when you're on the road driving in your truck, wanna learn a thing or two from Josh and Chuck?


It's Stuff You Should Know. Stuff You Should Know.


Alright. You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, voom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course, string lights Gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you wanna have a nice outdoor space to host a gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an Bay Sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids. Simply slide right off, designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go To squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Okay, Chuck. So we've, we've started to get some sightings from expeditions that are going to Everest and just hanging around the Himalayas. And then I think in 1951 something really big happened, one of those explorers, Eric Shipton took a photograph of a track. That to this day looks pretty remarkable actually. Yeah. I mean this is, again, it's not like hard evidence, but this is a very famous photo. I remember seeing this when I was a kid and like, I guess it was probably the Guinness or Ripley's believe it or not, or something. It was Time Life books for me. Oh, Was it?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I remember the, it's a very famous picture of a, like a, a pick, like a, you know, pickax Yeah. Used for scale. Yeah. Right next to it. And I remember that very distinctly when I saw this picture. I was like, oh yeah. And then when you look at it, you're like, wait, that, that doesn't look quite right. That's a really weird track. It's, it looks like an elongated human foot, but rather than a left toe, it's, it's got, it's kind of bulbous and weird. It's doesn't look like the other toes and it certainly doesn't look like what a human toe should look like. And it's also huge. I think it was, it measured about 13 inches, which is a pretty typical size for a, a Yeti trek from what I understand over the ages.


But the thing about it is, it is a nice, crisp, fresh track. And the other thing about it, and this is what really captured the attention of the world, Eric Shipton was not known to be a particularly fraudulent person. Right. He was an, a very respected explorer and mountaineer. He knew the area well. And as a guy who has tracked Yeti his whole life, I believe his name is Daniel Taylor. Yeah. Daniel Taylor put it, if if Shipton's coming back with a picture of a track, you just, you know, it's a real track. It's not faked. It's not a hoax. So the question was, what was it? And this is 1951 and it, it, it hit the world.


That picture, that track hit the world, like the surgeon's photo of the lochness monster hit the world that back in 1933, it it just became like proof to people who believe in the Yeti around the world. That the Yeti definitely exists. Yeah. I mean, like you said, it was really what, what made it different than other photos, that it was so sharp. It was a really good picture. Yeah. And that, that little toe thing basically looked like a thumb and it just, you know, it looked odd. But this, this Daniel Taylor guy, he actually, when I started reading that article, I thought, oh boy, this crackpot.


But he actually turned out to be a pretty cool guy. 'cause he spent a lot of his life looking for the Yeti. Went over there, even met with the kingdom of Nepal. And the king of Nepal said, well, If you want to go like to the wildest place in the most, you know, remote place in, in our land, go to Barun, B-A-R-U-N, this Baron Valley. Right. And he went there and he looked around and he did not find a Yeti. But what he did do was ended up helping to work toward conservation of that area, which was kind of a nice silver lining to his story was he got there and he was like, this is one of the most beautiful places on earth.


Right. And one of the greatest wilderness wildernesses I've ever been to. He realized it wasn't protected and that like Chinese loggers were infringing on one side and farmers were infringing on the other. So he kind of spun it into like good work doing conservation work in that area, which was kind of cool. Yeah. He got it turned into a national park in Nepal. Yeah. So it's a protected area now, which it is significant. Have you seen pictures of the, the valley? Oh yeah. It's astounding. It's one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen in my life. And it was just being used because the people living there, like, well, we need this land. Yeah, it's beautiful, but we can't afford to preserve it because a lot of people around here live on $15 a year.


Right. So they were just making use of it however they could. And he, he came in with the government and said, no, no, no more of that. Get outta here. This is protected now. But it is gorgeous. And his, his, he had actually been raised there. Daniel Taylor's grandparents were missionaries in the Himalayas and his parents kind of took over his grandparents' work. So he was raised in the Himalayas. So he'd been looking for the Yeti his whole life. But when he went to the Baron, he feels like he found the answer to that track, that it was a kind of tree bear. Right. But there's, there's a big problem with that. The Baron Valley is a, a subtropical rainforest. So a tree bear living in there wouldn't survive very, very well in the snow of the Tibet Tibetan plateau.


You know, 10, 10,000 or more feet higher up the mountain. So it doesn't really solve the mystery much. No. But his notion that it could have been a tree bear makes a little more sense with these tracks because a tree bear does have a, I don't, I don't know if you'd call it a thumb, but some sort of opposable digit to make climbing easier. And that would totally, that would at least explain this weird thumb like thing in these prints. It would. So he is got like half of the thing explained. The other half is, what the heck was that tree b the subtropical rainforest tree bear doing up in the mountains of the Himalayas? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like in the snow, above the snow line, I guess is what I'm trying to say.


But the other thing about that, that shipton photo that became world famous for the Yeti was that like the track itself was very crisp. And there's a guy named Benjamin Radford who's a, a skeptic who has written a lot about the Yeti and in particular, how, how difficult obtaining Yeti tracks could be. Or actually more to the point, how easy it would be to confuse the normal animals tracks. Yeah. For something weird because of the fact that the, the snow is a terrible medium for tracks. Because like say a bear walks through an area and leaves some tracks in the snow the next morning as the sun comes up and it hits the tracks and it shoots all that heat onto the, onto that track, it starts to melt the sides, maybe elongate it, maybe make the toes look splayed and it just doesn't resemble a bear track anymore at all.


It looks like something weird and, and, and not previously known like an entirely new species. That's the thing about the shipton photograph that ca captured everyone's attention. It doesn't look like that at all. It looks sharp new, it doesn't look melted at all. The edges are clean and crisp. That's what I think really kind of struck everybody. It wasn't like a melted mangled track. It was like a new track by something that was not immediately identifiable. Yeah, for sure. So there have been other photographs through the years, as you know, supposed evidence. In 1986, a hiker named Anthony Wooldridge said, there's a Yeti over there, he's about 500 feet away.


And he saw a bunch of tracks in the snow that looked like it, it was going that way. And he took some photographs that were proven genuine, but I think by genuine that just means they weren't faked. Yeah. That's what I, that's how I understand it. Yes. Because wasn't this the photo that they said actually those are just rocks standing up. Yeah. Like a, a rock outcropping or whatever. Yeah. This guy was also a respected mountaineer and explorer and knew the area really well. And so when he came back with this photo and they said this photo wasn't faked, it's not been doctored. Right. People, people listen to him too, but it just turns out he was wrong out.


This photo of rocks has not been doctored. Exactly. That's, that's ultimately what they were saying because another expedition went back to the same spot the next year and we're like, oh yeah, that's, it's those rocks over there. And even, even in his account, that guy, what was his name? Woodridge. Yeah. Woodridge says like, yeah, they just stood there motionless staring at me like Rocks. Yeah. They were, they were still as boulders as upright boulders. But the other thing is he swore that there were tracks leading up to it. So he, he seemed to think that, that they really were there. But from what I understand, he was earnest in, in his report. It wasn't like a fraud or a hoax or anything like that.


And I think he was a little, a little red-faced afterward probably. Yeah. They even made a movie about it called Ernest Goes Hiking. Right. Ernest saves Christmas with the Abominable Snowman. I'll bet Ernest did save Christmas in one movie. I guarantee there's a movie called Ernest Saves Christmas, I Think. I think there was, right? No, The only one I'm a hundred percent sure of is Ernest goes to camp. I never saw any of those. My family saw that movie in the theater. Oh, that's paid top dollar. Top dollar, which was $3. Yeah, I guess. I hope so. At the time, which is surprising 'cause my mom used to sneak in bulk candy from like the, the little store across the, the way from the movie theater in Southwick Mall.


Yeah. We know that move in our family. Yeah, It works. Works really well. So over the years there have been not only things like, oh look, footprints, or Hey, look at that rock across the valley. There, there have been, I don't wanna call it evidence, but alleged evidence brought forward by legitimate scientists and people like Sir Edmund Hillary. Like he brought back a scalp and said, he didn't say I scalped the Yeti, but he said, Hey, I think this is a Yeti scalp. Yeah. He, I don't got it From, I think he was trying to fool anyone though, was he? No, no, no. He was supposedly kind of a casual believer in it.


And he, he'd been sent on a Yeti expedition by New World Encyclopedia years before. Yeah. And he came back with a, a Yeti skull cap that he'd gotten from a, a monastery in Nepal. They had a Yeti skullcap and a hand, a Yeti hand, a mummified Yeti hand. And what's crazy is that Yeti Skullcap was supposedly the, the scalp of the one Yeti that had been killed during the annihilation of the Yeti story. I didn't know that. So He, he brings it back. I think it wasn't that he was gullible, and I also am sure it wasn't that it was, he was a hoaxster. He was the kind of scientific person who kept his mind open until the evidence was in.


Man. Can you imagine a time when an encyclopedia company would send Sir Edmund Hillary out on assignment? Like how great is that? I know that was the mid 20th century. It was a great, great time to be alive in, in the way of wonder and curiosity. So yeah, he comes back with his scalp and it turns out they did a little research and it was a, it's an animal called a sero. It's kinda like a goat. Yeah. Some poor OT got scalped. Yeah. But that happened a lot. Like there was this finger, and this is a pretty good story, that actor Jimmy Stewart, believe it or not, was involved in smuggling out supposed Yeti finger.


Yeah. From, from, again, from a monastery. I believe it might've been the same monastery. Yeah. And wasn't he just on vacation there and just got sort of mixed up in this plan? Yeah. We gotta mention Tom Slick, the oil man. Yeah. 'cause he figures into this story. He, he was a rich guy who, he was one of these dudes, this sort of adventuring rich guys that was like, right. I'm I'm a Yeti hunter for this year. Yeah. And and when, when you say Hunter, like he was a hunter, his entire point to finding the Yeti was to shoot and kill it. Yeah. And to take it back and have it stuffed. And the government in Nepal had a real problem with that. And basically said, your expedition is, is banned.


Nobody can come in here and kill the Yeti. And apparently the US State Department got in touch with Nepal and said, Hey, by the way, we have the same feeling. We, we have a policy of not killing Yeti either. So a apparently with that Tom Slicks expedition was allowed back in on the basis that they would never try to kill the Yeti acceptance self-defense. Oh, okay. And I, I guess later on when he became interested in Bigfoot, he had a change of heart and he stopped deciding. He, he stopped hunting to kill and started hunting just to find and maybe capture on photograph. And that was it. And that his change of heart changed the way that Bigfoot is searched for to this day and the Yeti.


Oh really? Now it's a much more, yeah. It's much more peaceful search. He was like the last of the big game hunters involved in like, trying to find unidentified animals again to, to kill 'em so they could be stuffed and kept to the National Geographic Society or something like that. Yeah. I mean, and that was a big thing that Daniel's guy talks about, just these legends in history and how quote unquote science back then was in the Victorian age. Where, where, 'cause you know, all these tales of Tarzan and these fantastic beasts, people would just, these rich people would go into the jungle and search for animals that no one had ever seen before. So they could shoot and kill them and bring them back and say, look at this weird thing.


Right. And I mean, a lot of people like don't really like you, you point to the guys who were out there like doing the hunting and killing and the exploitation and all of that. But they were very frequently working at the behest of museums. Sure. Who for a very long time got a pass, even though they were the source of the, the, those expeditions and the funders of those expeditions. And the reason people were out there in the first place was to go get specimens for the museum's collections and ostensibly to study or whatever. But it was to study them dead. And I think probably because there wasn't really any reliable way to ship a live specimen back in a lot of ways. But also there, there was, so I think Tom Slick kind of represented the, the end of that and then the beginning of the new, this new era of much more peaceful exploration and expeditions.


Yeah. And I don't wanna leave everyone hanging on Jimmy Stewart. He was on really? He was on vacation, I think in Calcutta, got mixed up in this, in this Yeti finger, helped smuggle it back. And they finally did DNA testing about seven or eight years ago and they said, oh, this is a human finger. Right. But I mean, for a while there they weren't a hundred percent sure. And I guess Tom Slick was friends had a common friend with Jimmy Stewart. And Jimmy Stewart happened to be in India. And so Tom Slicks agents in Nepal managed to get this finger to Jimmy Stewart who agreed to smuggle it out on the basis that Jimmy Stewart's luggage is not gonna get searched.


And he Jimmy Stewart smuggled a Yeti finger out of India and to the UK for it to be studied. Oh, go, go, go ahead and put the finger in my bag. I was so hoping you're gonna do a Jimmy Stewart Yeti impression In my head. I was like Jimmy Stewart, can I blow That off? You did man. You nailed it. Alright, well let's take another break and we'll come back and talk more about DNA and how that is figured in, in the search in more recent years right after this. Well now when you're on the road driving in your truck, why not learn a thing or two from Josh and Chuck? It's Stuff You Should Know.


Stuff You Should Know.


Alright. Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career. A game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Hey everybody, host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the head. Start embracing the journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Yeah. In each episode, Nora shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them, navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment in spite of it all, You'll get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships and their family life. Joined By headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan Nora listens as guests share their chronic migraine experience all connected by a common theme of resiliency new to the show. We'll check out the first two seasons available now and definitely worth a listen and join the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the headstart embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


So Chuck, you remember in the lochness episode, the Lochness monster episode? Yeah. We talked about how there's like a, a new search going on where they're sampling the lock itself and examining it for DNA. Apparently applying modern genetics and genetic analysis to cryptozoology is like the next chapter. And rather than saying like, oh, well that's it for us. Our, our big fraud is over with. Crypto zoologists are like, awesome, good. We finally have the tools now to find out, to get to the bottom of this stuff and to actually discover new, new specimens or new species. So they seem to be quite happy about it and quite excited.


Although they, their, a lot of their beliefs hang in the balance and could just be, have the legs cut out from under 'em by science. That's True. So science wins In 2013, there's a geneticist at Oxford named Brian Sykes who said, all right, Yeti holders of Yeti pieces, send them to me. If you have any Yeti hair, Yeti teeth, Yeti tissue, send it to Oxford University. And he got it. He got 57 samples, they picked 36 of those to do some DNA analysis on. And most of these turned out to be animals that we all know, like bears and cows and horses.


At the time though, that he found a couple of samples am impulse from Bhutan in India that he, he said, were a hundred percent match for jawbones of a polar bear from the Pleistocene era. Yeah. And this kind of excited people, because this may have been, I mean, not the Yeti but this may have been sort of a combination, a hybrid of a polar bear and a brown bear because this is when they were diverging genetically. And that in itself would be a pretty cool find. Yeah. Oh yeah. It would be a, a new type of bear that was a direct descendant from bears that went extinct about 40,000 years ago.


And it'd be a type of polar bear. They, there aren't polar bears in the Himalayas. There's black bears, there's brown bears, there's Himalayan bears, there's tree bears, but there's not polar bears. So, and the fact that like he accidentally found this by putting out this call for, for samples of Yeti or Bigfoot or whoever just made it all the, all the sweeter that like he had just accidentally discovered a new type of polar bear living in the Himalayas. Yeah. But sadly, that was not even the case. Some more scientists came along later, they did re-analysis and I think what they landed on was, you know, unfortunately these, I think you're getting a bad reading because of a damaged sample.


What these really are are just brown bears. They're brown bears. Yeah. Some other people followed up because it, it's not like it was any kinda hoax or anything like that. Wik, it's wik. Right. His last name is W Sykes. Sykes Sykes is like a, a, a leading expert on analyzing mitochondrial. DNA wrote the book, the Seven Daughters of Eve, which kind of introduced the world to genetic analysis through m mt DNA. But he just made a mistake or lept to a conclusion, I think is the, the po the thing that everyone's being too polite to, to maybe say. But he, he shared all of his data on Gen bank, which is this huge database.


And other people came and analyzed it and said, no, it's just regular bears. And then other people analyzed it and said, yeah, it's totally just regular, regular brown bears that we already know about. Yeah. But that it science at least was getting involved. And scientists kind of round me, were like, you know what, this is great because we're using real science finally, and regardless of what result we get, like we're doing it the right way. And that's really kind of the thing that counts. It's like, don't. Right. Don't be disappointed that we're not finding the Yeti because, and if it's not clear to everyone listening, it seems like the Yeti are, are almost always just bears.


Yes. That not just the, the the, the like tissue samples or the fecal samples or the hair samples, but also the tracks, the sightings, all of it are probably just Himalayan bears, brown bears and black bears. And that's actually the opinion of Reinhold Messner, who actually is such a mountaineer around the area. He has a, a museum in the mountains and his, one of his Yeti samples were one of the ones that sys analyzed his, turned out to be the tooth of a dog. But he says, that doesn't surprise me because I think they're all bears. I think all of his bears, including his own sighting, he became infatuated with searching for the Yeti because he spotted something in the Himalayas that he couldn't explain.


And then through his own methodical research, he wrote a book about it. He talked to other people about it. He, he did his own studies and he kept his mind open and his mind became converted to it's all bears. Yeah. Pretty much the Russians got involved, you would think Oh, in what, like the 1960s? No, they got involved about eight years ago and went searching for the Yeti in Siberia. And what they came back with were things like, oh, look at this. These twisted tree branches were made into beds or sleeping pods by the Yeti. And they twisted these branches and look at this, it's evidence. But it turns out that they were clearly manmade.


There were tool made cuts. Right. And they were located on, on a, not in a remote area at all. And what, Just like right off a trail I think. Right? Yeah. And what people think is, oh, they just cook this stuff up to try and bring tourism to a, a not very tourist friendly area. Right. Siberia. Like they, and apparently there's a longstanding tradition among Russians and former Soviets of basically drumming up tourism by playing on people's beliefs in the Yeti and the abominable snowman. And I think there was a, a period of time one of the people interviewed in this great BBC article about the Yeti, the, the, the, this Russian scientist says there's a period of time where it was like very fashionable for the intelligentsia of Russia and the Soviet Union to basically go on trips in the summer looking for the abominable snowman.


And they would show up in these towns and every town had a designated Yeti witness. And the Yeti witness's job was to basically regale them with tall tails that were supposedly true. Take them on these tours into the forest and then make a bunch of money off of 'em and say thanks a lot chump. Sorry we didn't see anything this time. But that they, apparently in 2011 the Russian government orchestrated another one of those through this conference. And from the conference they announced to the world, they had found indisputable proof that Yeti exists from this bed and these broken branches. And supposedly a few hairs attached to a clump of moss, but some other people who were attending Anthropo anthropologists and biologists were like, no, it's totally made up.


This is all just a big tourist pr stunt. Yeah. Which is hilarious Way to go Russia. And Putin supposedly tried to do it again in 2016, he announced that he saw three Yeti from a helicopter tour of Siberia. Oh, that's funny. Yeah, I think so too. So, I mean, I don't have much else Yeti your bears, right? Yeah. We couldn't, we couldn't talk about cryptozoology though without mentioning that Hanth argument. And, and the thing about the Yeti is that there, there was actually a species of ape called gigantic ticus that was like a nine foot tall ape, the biggest ape that ever lived, that lived in that very area and went extinct about a hundred thousand years ago.


So the people who really believe in this are like, you know, we thought the seal can went extinct like 60 million years before we just think this guy went extinct a hundred thousand years before. Who's to say? So that seems to be the thing that's carrying on this belief that, and the fact that as somebody put in one of these articles, all it would take is one Yeti to prove that Yeti exists. But no matter how much, there's no such thing as evidence that can prove it doesn't exist. Yeah. So people are always going to believe it. Just like Nessie. Exactly. And Bigfoot. Exactly. So there you go. If you wanna know more about the Yeti, go to the Himalayas and look for it yourself.


And since I said that it's time for listener mail Mayo. Or we should mention if you're in Disney World, there's a rollercoaster ride called Expedition Everest Colon. 'cause you know, every good rollercoaster has a colon in the Navy. Right. Colon legend of the Forbidden Mountain. There are, there is a trek on display there that the reason it's not in a scientific museum and it's at Disney World is because it's a Yeti track. But you can go look at one From a TV show. Yeah. This guy named Gates, who is not a zoologist at all, but he's an actor and an animal track or I don't even think he's an animal tracker, is he?


No, no. He's he's an actor. An actor. An actor. Actor, and a TV presenter and a producer. Yeah. So they, they presented one on his TV show and now that's in Disney World. Yeah. So, and if you're in Disneyland, there's a Yeti on the Matterhorn ride. Oh really? Like a real Yeti. Yeah. They have one chained by the neck inside the matter horns really scrawny. They clearly aren't taking very good care of it. Amazing. Well, I already said it's time for listener mail Charles. Yeah, I got distracted. Sorry. So I'm gonna call this follow up on the chili finger that Jimmy Stewart planted at Wendy's. Nice.


And, and quick shout out, this is a local listener from Georgia Tech, but I just wanted to say hello to a couple of people I met last weekend at the High Museum when I went to the Infinity Mirrors exhibit. Oh, Isn't that amazing? Yeah. You Always Kusama. Yeah. I thought it was, here's what I think. Okay. I think it was really cool and it would've been a lot cooler if it's just like Yeah. You just walk through all these things and you don't wait 30 minutes to spend 20 seconds in the room. Yep. That took away from it a bit. You, you Yumi and I went at the end of the day and people thinned out and we could just keep going in and staying as long as we wanted in 'em. So it, I I totally get what you were saying.


It was cool though. And I also think, like, I went with my brother and his family and Scott was kinda like, I, I could build one of these in my backyard by next weekend. I wanna see Scott's infinity mirror. I thought the same thing. It'd be awesome to build one of those and just like hang out in it. For sure. I don't want to take anything away from her though. She's a great artist. And it, and it was really neat. I love the, I think the one that was sort of like the Christmas lights was my favorite one. What about the one that's like a, a kind of like an octagonal box that you look in? That Was awesome. Yeah. It's just like you see your future in the eighties or something like that. Yeah, I Took, I got a couple of cool photos and, but I largely kept the phone in my pocket.


Just tried to be in it man. Yeah man, I'm with you. So anyway, I met a couple of listeners that were just happened to be there and they both came up and were like, are you Chuck? And so my brother got a kick out of that as well. Oh that's awesome. But this was not one of those people. Okay. It just reminded me 'cause it's a Georgia Tech student. Hey guys, relatively new listener have probably listened to about a hundred episodes so far and tend to hop around. As you can tell, I'm a Georgia Tech student and really hope to run into you guys at some point in Atlanta. Did I mention I go to Georgia Tech Anyway, I finally sort of had something to write in about. I was listening to the Wendy's Chili podcast, suddenly heard the name of a place that sounded very familiar.


Kohl's custard. Remember we mentioned that at the end as a, as a place where there was a finger? Oh yeah. He said it was one of the places where a finger had been found and it shocked me as it is just a tiny little custard shop that is not a chain on quite expensive beach property in North Carolina. I've been as a, yeah, As a Georgia Tech student. I was shocked. I've been to the place probably five or 10 times as a frequent visitor to Wrightsville Beach and had never heard of anyone mention this incident. I just think it's very impressive that a small little store manage, stay afloat after such an incident occurred. Really hearing, hearing about the finger incident will not deter me from going again though. And that is from Ethan Lyons and Ethan, maybe that is exactly why it endured is because people just want that custard so bad.


It must be pretty good custard though, If you think about it. Yeah. And it didn't make like big national news probably because it's not a chain. I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sure that's part of it. Plus they also did a better job spending the PR than Wendy's did. Sure. Oh, I'm betting. Well thanks a lot Ethan for letting us know, just kind of bringing that home hadn't really envisioned the place where that finger was found in the custard until now. So thanks for that. If you want to get in touch with us and kind of paint a more illustrative picture than we did about something we talked about, we'd love that. You can Join us on Stuff You Should Know dot com. Check out all of our links there. Or you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Listen, let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay now go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us.


Hey everybody. I want to tell you about Temptations, America's number one cat treat brand. 'cause they're on a mission to show the world just how irresistible cat Dads truly are and make 2025 the year of the Cat dad. Because I gotta say, being a Cat dad is great and it's a huge green flag because Cat Dads are some of the most caring and compassionate men of all Cat Dads yearn for a long lasting bond with their cat and irresistible temptations. Treats are key to helping foster and keep that cats lose their cool. Treat a cat in your life to Temptations, treats, and discover what makes Cat Dads irresistible. At temptations treats.com


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more@chase.com back slash business Chase for business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan, Chas and Company.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.