
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hi everybody. Chuck here curating a specially hand picked selected episode and this one's from May, 2018. And boy oh boy, this is a good one. I forgot all about this one. This is part of our true crime series, not so grizzly as far as like, you know, it's not about an ax murder or anything like that. It's about a heist and I love me some heist. And this is called The Color Bomb Heist. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuck Bryant and Jerry's over there. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the true crime edition again. Yeah, we've done a few of these, right? True Crime is so hot right now. Hey man, we were, we were dabbling on the periphery of true crime when most of these people were wet in their diapers. That's right, man. That is right. I'm glad somebody finally said it. We Were occasionally doing a poor job of covering true crime 10 years ago. That's right. We're gonna do it again. That's right. We continue that great rich history. Yeah, because true crime can be extraordinarily interesting, especially when you're talking about an extraordinarily complicated heist that results in a man's bizarre death.


Death by bizarre means and involves what really, ultimately you could make a case as an unsolved mystery still today, even though it's technically bureaucratically been solved. Yeah. A lot of people say, no, this thing hasn't been solved yet. You, you got, you got homemade bombs, you got a scavenger hunt, you got a crack dealer. Well you gotta have a crack dealer. You got prostitutes, you got pizza And Yeah. And let's start with the pizza. Shall You got a geo metro? Right. Which by the way, I just wanted to point out ahead of time, there is no more pizza delivery car 2003 than a geo metro, A teal one no less.


Yeah. That thing is, it's almost like they rolled him right off the line in 2003 with the straight to a pizza place With the pizza guy inside already. Yeah. And the little sign ed on top. Right. A little crooked. Yep. So the whole thing does start actually with a pizza guy, a pizza place, and a Teal Geo metro. And like you said, the whole thing starts in 2003 in Erie, Pennsylvania. And there was a, and still is, I looked it up, there's a pizza place called Mama Mia's Pizzeria And well on the nose, but fine, Sure. It gets the job done. Right. And at about 2:00 PM on August 28th, 2003, a pizza delivery guy named Brian Wells, I think he was 46 at the time, he was about to end his morning shift when a call came in for two small sausage and pepperoni pizzas.


And the, the delivery was I guess the opposite way of where Brian Wells was gonna go on his way home. But he said, you know what, I'll take this one last order. And he walked out the door at about two and the next time that Brian Wells was seen in public again, he was entering a PNC bank branch just down the street from his pizza place, few miles up the road. And he looked a lot different than he did when he left the, the pizza parlor about 28 minutes earlier. Yeah. So first of all, he was, he was walking with a cane, kinda a funny looking cane.


And then under his t-shirt he had clearly, and if you've seen the footage and the photos, which you can see warning, by the way, for video, It's Yeah. For the future. It's quite graphic. It's out there, But it is out there. But he had clearly some large boxy looking thing. It looked like he was wearing a shoebox around his neck with a t-shirt pulled over it Kind of, but in the teller at the bank's defense could have been an artificial torso and she probably didn't wanna draw attention to it. She, yes, she was being very kind. Right. So one thing I want to point out too, there's already a discrepancy.


What were like a minute into the story and there's already a discrepancy. That shirt he was wearing over that boxy thing underneath his shirt said guess on it. And I've seen that it was written somehow like in spray paint or marker or that it was an actual guest jeans t-shirt. Oh, really? So either an officially licensed or not licensed, but whatever brand shirt or a homemade janky spray painted version. Yeah. And If you look, the pictures don't really show one way or another. Yeah. I couldn't tell. It looks more like it's homemade. And I looked up to see if there was a guest shirt that it, you know, if I could find the actual guest shirt it was and couldn't. So I think it, it may have been homemade.


Okay. Re regardless, he's wearing this shirt that says guess on it. And he walks up to the teller and he hands the teller a note and the note says, I have a bomb. Get everybody who has access codes to the safe together and put $250,000 into a bag and bring it to me. I think he said, you have 15 minutes to do this. Yeah. Which kinda a long time if you're a bank robber. It is, it's like, almost like luxurious amount of time. Would've said like 60 seconds. Yeah. Or this should have happened yesterday. Chop chop. Right. So he, he stands back and waits, apparently grabs a dumdum lollipop out of the little basket while he is waiting because Why not?


And the teller says, sir, we don't have, like, we can't get into the safe. That's just not how things work. I'm sorry, but as a consolation prize, I'm going to put $8,702 into a bag for you right here and send you on your way. Okay. Yeah. And, and importantly we did not mention he lifted his shirt up and showed this teller right. This, this bomb, this what's called a collar bomb strapped around his neck. Right. So he walks out of the bank, a free man, and the next time that he's seen in public is about 15 minutes later and he is seen in public by some Pennsylvania state troopers who are on the lookout for this guy.


And he's still wearing that shirt. He's still got the big bulge. And he is standing around his geo metro parked in a parking lot that is actually shared with that PNC bank and a McDonald's. And he is in a parking lot right there. So basically he left a bank robbery and went about a hundred to 200 feet away from it. And that's where he was found like a full 15 minutes later. Yeah. So these, these, these KPAs, these troopers come over and he says, Hey guys, I, this is a bomb around my neck. A group of group of black men chained this bomb around my neck at gunpoint forced me to rob this bank for them.


I'm not gonna, I'm not lying here. This thing is gonna go off. So the cops call the bomb squad and they do, I saw, you know, his, the family of wells is still angry about the fact that she says they did nothing to save them. But I, I would be too, By the way, we should shout out Wired magazine. Oh yes. We really, really should. A Lot of this came from a, a great, heavily researched story by Rich Shapiro from about eight years ago called The Incredible True Story of The Collar Bomb Heist. So thank you Rich for your work. But the dude's on the ground, he sit, I mean, If you, I, I kind of remember this happening 'cause when I went and looked at the still images, I was like, wait a minute, I've, I've seen this footage.


Right? Yeah. And it's this guy sitting on the ground with this thing around his neck, kind of just waiting, seated on the pavement for about 25 minutes. He says, very interestingly, like, did you call my boss at the pizza place? And then all of a sudden this bomb starts beeping fast, which is never a good sign. And when I was reading this story, I thought, well, that's just a, a ruse, but no, this thing detonated and killed him. It blasted a hole in his chest. It did not blow his head off. Like the internet says No, But it, it was a violent, awful death. Yeah, it was.


And it, it was pretty quick. And then three minutes after the bomb goes off, the bomb squad showed up. So they, so he's dead. This kid, this guy Brian Wells is dead. And the whole time he was protesting, he is like, you know, this is, I I was forced to rob the bank. Are you guys gonna get this off of me or what? Yeah. He said something like, did you call my boss? Because apparently he was a very loyal employee. He'd been working at Mama Mia's for how long? Like 10 years or something like that, I don't know, for years and years. And he'd only called in late once, not even sick, late once when his cat died, said Rich Shapiro in that wired article. So it, it seemed like he actually was telling the truth that he had been abducted and forced to rob the bank and then had been a, a victim.


I think the bomb going off really kind of put an exclamation point on his story that he, he was not a willing participant in this. Right. Yeah. So the cops obviously check out that geo metro and it's sweet, sweet styling and they, they saw his cane in there. It turns out the reason why the cane was funny looking is because it was also a gun And it really looks a lot like a gun. Yeah. When you, when you look at it, the bomb was clearly homemade. It had a couple of different parts to it. It was this, this banded metal collar that he wore around his neck. It was like locked to his neck, had four key holes and then a combination lock.


Yeah. It was really locked to his neck. And then an iron box with two pipe bombs loaded up, ready to go. And then interestingly, and this will figure put a pin in this one. 'cause this will figure in the, in the case later, it had two kitchen timers in there in addition to an elect, an electronic countdown timer. Yeah. Which was, I guess the thing that started beeping faster and faster. Yeah. And then some decoy wires. You always gotta have those if you're, if you're making a bomb. Sure. But I mean, like, that's pretty smart. So there's decoy wires. There were apparently also stickers that said like, don't do it. Or, you know, skull and crossbones or rat poison, whatever. Skinny and sweet.


Yeah. And oh, that's a good nine to five reference, man, I just saw that the other night. So it was a, it was a homemade bomb, but it was by all accounts a well-made bomb too. And it worked, which I think is one of the, the big, the big questions about any homemade bomb is whether it will actually work or not. And this one worked with deadly effect. That's right. So the, the most important thing they found in this car though, were some letters, some handwritten notes addressed to bomb hostage. So one of them said, I mean these were instructions basically on what this guy should do, which further kind of cemented like, Hey, this guy's probably telling the truth.


Yeah. It said, go rob this bank of 250 grand and then very strangely outlined this little scavenger hunt basically to where eventually you will land upon the keys to, in combination to get you out of this thing by going all over town and finding these various hidden notes. And at the last note, you will, you'll be able to free yourself. Yeah. The last one will give you the keys and the combination, but you better hurry. 'cause you have a limited amount of time. If you stop and think you're going to waste time, you're going to die. We can detonate this remotely and we're going to be following you. It was written pretty crazily. Have you read any of the note?


Oh yeah, yeah. So like, there, it's, it's got a lot of like, just like a lot of jump jump cuts or jump scares in it. You know, like, you'll, you'll, it's like, go do this and, and then go do that after that. And then don't try anything funny. We're gonna blow you up, you know? Yeah. It has those every once in a while and there's drawings in there of where he could find like, like the notes and all that so that he made it as far as the first note, which was McDonald's, it was in that, that McDonald's that shared a parking lot with the PNC bank, that was where the first note was. So he, he made it to that, that McDonald's grabbed that note and that note was directing him out of town to another note.


And he didn't make it that far, but when the cops caught up with him. Yeah. So the scavenger hunt was he, like, he said, he, he had gotten just to the one place. So the cops then say, well, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna complete this scavenger hunt. They, They were like, whoa, you just blew my mind. That's some great policing. Should we take a break? Sure. All right. Scavenger hunt is just started by the KPAs. We'll be right back.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry, do me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


All right, we're back. So the scavenger hunt's still on Chuck. Correct. And they, they make it, the cops follow from the, the note that Brian Wells had to the next clue and they found the, the next note and that directed them to another place even further outta town to where they found the jar where the note was supposed to be, but the note was gone. Yeah. And they don't really know what that means. They didn't know if it was just something to keep them busy preoccupied. They didn't know if it, the person who was designing the scavenger hunt got interrupted or knew that the cops were around and they were doing it sort of in real time. But at any rate, the unfortunately the scavenger hunt just kind of fizzled out.


'cause that was kind of a cool part of the story. Yeah. It really was. It, it was like, it's one of the things that makes this, it just an incredibly bizarre crime. Yeah. Why the scavenger hunt? It's gonna keep coming up again and again, right? Yes. So when the, when the scavenger hunt ran out, the trail actually went cold. The case started to get cold for a few months. The cops sniffed around. Brian, Wes tried to figure out, you know, what, why him, what happened with him? And they went back to his place of employment and they, they kind of checked out the kind of person he was. Right? Yeah. And they very smartly said, well, wait a minute. Why don't we, why don't we check out what that last delivery was supposed to be? There may be a clue there.


And it was an interesting place. It was at the, it was, you could only get there by dirt road, and it was right next to a TV transmission tower in a kind of a remote wooded area. Right. And cops combed the area, found shoe prints that matched wells. They found those classic iconic geometric tire tracks, right. That everyone recognizes by, by sight. But there really weren't any more clues as far as the cops were concerned at that location. So where the cops had found a dead end, a reporter and photographer for the Erie Times News went and did a little investigating of his own and saw this house, you know, next door where the pizza was delivered and said, well, you know, I'm just gonna go knock on the door.


This guy answers the door. And his name was Bill Rothstein. And he actually said, You know, you can look around If you want. He's 59 years old, he's a handyman, wasn't married, had lived there his whole life. And apparently he seemed really smart, had a very articulate way of speaking, and apparently was fluent in several different languages. And the journalist kind of did a little poking around and didn't really see much and took off. But he made contact with Bill Rothstein. He's the first person that kind of was, went to knocking. Right. But nothing came of it. And the cops, as far as I know, never went and, and met with Bill Rothstein, even though his house was right next to the, the delivery place where wells was supposedly accosted.


Right. Yeah. And then a few, like I said, the case has gone cold by this time. If a couple months have gone by the whole, the whole, that means you've got this crime, this very public caper that's captured the public's attention. A guy died by, by being blown up while the, while under police supervision. And the, the, there's no leads. There's no nothing. And then finally, several weeks, a few months, I think after the, the call, there's a nine one one call from Bill Rothstein and he tells the police that in his freezer, he has one of those serial killer chest freezers.


There's actually a body, a man's body. And that it was, it, it, it is not someone he murdered, but he helped cover up the murder of this man who was the boyfriend of Bill Rothsteins ex-girlfriend from way, way back in the day. And now the chain of events has been set off. Right. And if you're like me and you start hearing wife of the ex-girlfriend's dad's cousin, your brain gets a little jumbled. So just very plainly, he used to date this woman, this woman called him up and said, Hey, I've murdered my current boyfriend.


Or was it her husband? It was her boyfriend, yeah. And she said, and I, I need your help here. I blasted him with a, with a shotgun. And I know we dated oh, 20 years ago, but will will you come help me out? Because they were still in contact. I guess they, they remained friends, I guess. So, So, and this racked to Bill Rothstein, apparently he, he thought about committing suicide. Apparently there was even a note they found suicide note. But he maintained, like you said, with the cops, that he didn't have anything to do with anything, but most of the cleanup. The cleanup, getting rid of the murder weapon and then holding onto the body. Yeah. But what, which, the reason he held on the body he was supposed to get, apparently he was supposed to grind this body up.


And that's where he finally stopped short and was like, Jesus, I can't do this. And he said, he told the cops that the reason he called them finally is because since he wasn't going through with grinding up the body, he was worried what this woman, Marjorie die Armstrong was gonna do to him. He's like, I dated this lady. Right. She's not a nice person. And so when he says Marjorie die, Armstrong to the Erie cops just alarm bells start going off because by this time already, Marjorie die, Armstrong was a local legend as far as criminals are concerned. She was this very, very bright woman who I, I think at the age of 35, back in the eighties, had been indicted for killing one of her boyfriends.


Shot him six times. She played that she had killed him in self-defense, that he was an abuser of her. And she was actually acquitted. A few years after that. She was married to a guy named Armstrong. And he showed up at the hospital with a head trauma and actually died of a cerebral he hemorrhage. But there was no coroners in Quest or anything like that. And so it just was something suspicious, you know, the second, second significant other of, of this woman to die under suspicious or violent circumstances. So, so when Bill Rothstein said, I'm worried about what Marjorie deal Armstrong's gonna do to me, the cops seemed to have taken it very seriously.


Well, extremely seriously. 'cause the next day they arrested her, That's pretty serious For murder. And about a year and a half later, a little short of that, she pled guilty, but mentally ill. She was sentenced to seven to 20 and then Rothstein on, for his part, eventually died of cancer in 2004. Right. And so you said that he, he had considered killing himself and even wrote a suicide note. Right? Yeah. There was something very, very odd on Bill Rothsteins suicide note. And again, he didn't kill himself, he died of cancer, but he was able to actually show the cops where a suicide note was and they read it.


And the first line of it, from what I understand was this has nothing to do with The Collar Bomb Heist or the Brian Wells murder. Yeah. That, that's a, it's a weird thing to put If you had nothing to do with that, you know? Right. That's just a very odd thing to do. So It's like when the cops come in and you go, there's nothing under the bed. Don't, don't, there's no reason to look there. Right. They said, we just wanna make sure your fire alarm is working. Yeah, exactly. Part of a community service. Cool. But the bed's fine. Right. So that is a very weird thing to say and that definitely peaked the interest of the cops. But like you said, the cops convicted or the, the state convicted Marjorie deal, Armstrong of the murder of James Rodin or Jim Rodin.


Right? Yeah. She's already in prison. And when she's in prison, somehow, this is what I'm unclear on, somehow it comes up or she starts talking or something like that, that Jim Rodin's death very much had to do with the Wells case, with Brian Wells murder this collar bomb heist. And that she knows a lot about it. And if they'll transfer her to a minimum security prison close to Erie, she'll, she'll start talking. Yeah. She asked for the old Hannibal elector treatment. So Is that how it came up? Like she approached them because I'm, I'm unclear on that. I mean, I think, so this is in the Wired article, it said that, that there was a phone call from a state cop who had just met with her about something unrelated, like a different homicide.


And she just, and, and it kind of makes sense though now actually when we, as we will learn, she talked a lot. Yeah. A lot. So it doesn't surprise me that another cop was just meeting with her about something unrelated. She was like, by the way, that whole collar bomb thing, I got all the, the skinny on that. Right. So there's a couple of things going on here. By then, by the time she calls the cops, the cops have already spoken, apparently with several informants that have shared cells with her, or spent time with her in jail already, who are saying like, this lady is the mastermind of that collar bomb heist that's making you guys look bad.


Yeah. And eventually, you know, when they met with her about this, she, she admitted that she was involved, but, well, she didn't admit she was involved in the plot, but she said, I knew about it. I gave them, I gave them those two kitchen timers, and I was really close by when it happened. And by the way, the guy who blew up with the collar bomb, Mr. Wells, he was actually in on it too, and ine headed the whole thing up. Right. But, but for her deal, Armstrong, she said, but I had nothing to do with it, even though I had all these other little things to do with it. I never met Brian Wells, I didn't know Brian Wells. I had nothing to do with his death, aside from supplying the kitchen timers and then, And knowing all about it.


Right. Exactly. So now it's just getting weird, right. Because there's the Jim Roden murder who she says that she killed because he was abusing her, who Rothstein said she killed over a dispute with money, but is now she's saying is tied to the Wells case, and which she knows a lot about, but really nothing about and had nothing to do with. So the cops are like, well, let's just get this lady to talk all we can. And one of the things they got out of her was her, she agreed to a tour around Erie showing them all these places where she had been. And these were all places that were related to the crime.


Like, I believe she said she'd been at the pizza delivery site. I think she said she'd been within a mile of the, of the bank when it was robbed. Like all of this stuff. She's just like, they just keep giving her this rope and she's just wrapping it around her neck again and again and again. And then finally, Chuck, at the end of this car ride after she's been interviewing with the cops multiple times, giving them tons of info, what does she say? She asked for immunity at this point after she had basically completely incriminated herself. And previous to all this, a lot more happened. There were four different informants who had come forward and said that this lady's been talking about this for a while.


Right. She very much had everything to do with it. And then a couple of months after she had started talking to the feds, another big break came, this witness came forward and said, Hey, there's this crack dealer named Kenny Barnes That is a crack dealer's name, Kenneth Barnes. And he was involved, they used to go fishing together, Armstrong deal. Armstrong and Barnes. And she sang like a canary to him, basically, and said, here's what she did. She, her brother-in-law put him in touch with Barnes while he was already in jail on unrelated chart charges, basically. And so Barnes was already in prison, said, Hey, I think I can shorten my time, so I'm gonna try and get a reduced sentence at least by spilling the beans on deal Armstrong.


Right. And Barnes's brother-in-law was who turned him into the cops. Oh yeah. So Barnes is like a, I'm already, I'm in jail for selling crack. That's way different from being, you know, very much involved in this collar bomb heist. So he said, okay, I'll tell you guys everything you wanna know. I'll be your star witness, just reduce my sentence in this for my involvement in this. And he started talking, when he started talking, it was at Marjorie Deal Armstrong's trial, which was a, a pretty spectacular trial from all accounts. Yeah. And, and before the trial even he told his story was, is that she wanted me to kill her father.


He was spending what would end up being her inheritance, she felt. And so she wanted him dead. And so she was doing this collar bomb heist to raise money to pay me to kill her dad. Which I mean, like, that's just the biggest face palm I've ever heard of. Yeah. For real. So what, okay, we'll start Marjorie Die Armstrong's trial after we take a break. How about that, man? That sounds Good. Okay.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, na member FDIC.


Hey everybody. Here's an interesting fact. The most common disease in the world is cavities. It's also one of the most preventable, which brings us to the Colgate Total Active Prevention System because it attacks the root cause of oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. Yeah. Spoiler alert it's bacteria. The system is 15 times more effective at fighting bacteria. It reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non stanis fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush when used together. It's Some cool science too. The unique technology in the toothpaste was recognized with the Edison Patent Award, which honors outstanding research and innovation. But this is about more than impressive awards and healthy smiles. Oral diseases can increase the risk of other health conditions such as respiratory disease, diabetes, and cardiac conditions. With the Colgate Total Active Prevention System, you can help prevent problems like cavities and gingivitis before they start, which may make a positive impact on general health conditions. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


Okay, Chuck. So before Marjorie deal, Armstrong goes to trial. And remember she's already in prison for the murder of Jim Rodin. Right. Shooting him in the back with a 12 gauge shotgun. Yes. Bill Rothstein is dead. I wanna call him a rothstein. So Ace Rothstein so bad, but Bill Rothstein is dead. He's, he died of lymphoma a couple years before. And by the time Marjorie de Armstrong is, is brought to trial for her involvement as the mastermind of the collar bomb plot, they have to, they have to verify that she's actually mentally competent to stand trial. And that's kind of touchy.


'cause remember when she, she was charged with killing her boyfriend back in, I think 1984 or 1986. Yeah, She was, she was deemed incompetent seven times by psychiatrists before the judge finally said, I'm, I'm throwing all that out in deciding that she is competent. We're gonna go ahead with the trial. Yes. They also found like 400 pounds of butter and 700 pounds of cheese in her, in her house when they were investigating that particular murder. A little strange. And, and in, in between 1984 and the time she was tried in The Collar Bomb Heist, she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.


So there, it was actually kind of questionable whether she was mentally competent to stand in trial. And right as they were about to start the proceedings, I think the judge ruled that she was competent to stand trial. She was diagnosed with cancer herself. That's right. So they waited for the cancer diagnosis, her prognosis, and the cancer doctor came back and said three to seven years. And the prosecutor said, giddy up. That's right. So previous to this, she, she had gotten the indictment, but in that indictment, it's very important that she was not, I mean, granted, she was the only one technically indicted, but they, in the indictment it said that Rothstein was definitely a conspirator and Wells the man who was, who was the victim, supposedly he was definitely involved in this thing from the beginning.


Yeah, You're absolutely right. That is a very important thing that, that showed up in this indictment that Yeah, they said he agreed to rob this bank. He thought it was a fake bomb, and he was told the scavenger hunt was a ruse to fool the cops. And if and when he did get caught, he could say, you know, I was just following orders basically what he did. Right. And so Brian Wells's family did not like this at all. Apparently during the, the, the, the press conference where the DA of Erie County is announcing this, you know, this case case is closed. This is the indictment that they have. The wells, some of Brian Well's sisters were shouting liar at her.


They did not take the idea that their brother was an accomplice in this at all. Very well. Yeah. I mean there was a lot of, there was a lot of back and forth about whether wells was in on the be the thing from the beginning. Yeah. Or whether or not he was in from the beginning and then at one point wanted out and was forced to do this, or whether he was forced from the beginning. Everyone's telling a different story. And you know, basically the trial is where we will learn, you know, if all that is true, what really happened. So Marjorie deal, Armstrong's lawyer said, you know, to heck with, with caution, let's put you on the stand.


Okay. You've already incriminated yourself multiple times, why not do it in open court too? And she apparently was quite a, she put on quite a performance on the, on the stand over like two days, I think five and a half hours of testimony. She yelled, she cried, she berated the prosecutor and her own lawyer. She, when she did mention Brian Wells, she said, I've never met the guy. I learned of his death when everybody else did on the, the TV news. And she, she stuck with her story though, that she had nothing to do with this. She knew a little bit about it. She knew the co the, the conspirators, the real mastermind was Bill Rothstein and it wasn't her.


That's what she maintained though, throughout the trial. And even afterward. That's right. But before she took the stand a few days earlier is when they trotted out Ken Barnes. And he took the stand and he said he had, you know, by the time she took the stand, he had given a different account of the story, then she would later do. So he got up there and said she was behind all this. She was the mastermind, Rothstein was involved. She just recruited him. Basically she recruited Wells because wells needed money and here's where the, where the prostitutes come into play. Apparently Wells had a relationship with a prostitute who was also a crack addict.


So he would buy crack to give her, presumably as trade for sex, he ended up falling into debt with these crack dealers and needed money. And so It's basically the plot of Boo La Rouge. And he contends Barnes did that, that up until the day of the crime Wells was, thought this whole thing was fake, realized that it was a double cross. It was a real bomb. And he tried to run away and was tackled and they put a gun to his head and locked him into this device. So imagine this Chuck, imagine being Brian Wells and you're agreeing to, to put on what you are presuming is a fake call bomb to go carry out a real bank robbery because you need money because you're indebted to crack dealers because you borrowed from crack from them to give to your girlfriend who's a prostitute, who you have to give crack to, to be with.


And then you find out on the day of that this is a real bomb and they're putting it on you whether you like it or not. What a horrible, what a horrible turn of events for this poor guy. Yeah. I mean, that's just so sad no matter how you slice it. And then If you take his family's, If you take his family's opinion that he was a hundred percent innocent, that he really was delivering pizzas and was accosted and, and had no nothing to do with any of this, which I take with a, a pretty big grain of salt. I mean, that's just as bad, but it's bad either way. Whether he was an accomplice at one point or not. It's, it's very, it's super sad. There's a very sad thread that's running through this story in the form of Brian Wells, you know.


Well, yeah. And on the final day of her trial, at the very, very end of her taking the stand is when she finally said that she didn't know him, never met him. And the first time she had ever laid eyes on him was on the news that day. Right. Basically, he and Marjorie deal, Armstrong are fishing. Right. They're fishing buddies that she, he's somebody that she would turn to and she's finding out that her father is blowing through her inheritance and she wants to put a stop to it. And so he, she approaches Barnes to get him to kill her father, but to get that 250 K to that, he says he will kill her father for, she's gotta rob a bank. So she turns to her friend Bill Rothstein to come up with this collar bomb to put it on this other person, Brian Wells, who's going to carry this out.


And oh, by the way, we're also going to come up with a scavenger hunt to either throw the cops off or to actually make Brian Wells feel more comfortable, give him some sort of cover in case he is caught. And that's what we're going to go with Go Team and Marjorie deal. Armstrong said that's preposterous. That, that wasn't me. Kenneth Barnes said That's, that's exactly what happened. And then Bill Rothstein wasn't alive to, to contradict any of it. That's right. So she's sentenced, right? She's convicted as the mastermind of this pot. Yeah. The jury took about 11 hours and she was convicted of armed armed bank robbery conspiracy in using a destructive device in a crime of violence.


That's a big one. I'll bet, I bet that carries a hefty sentence with it. Yeah. And she would, she would die in prison, just like her prognosis said she didn't, I think she lasted a few years. No, they gave her three to seven years and she lasted seven. Yeah. So she finally passed away. And you know, that's kinda the end of the story, even though there's a retired FBI investigator named Jim Fisher who said, I think they got this all wrong. I think that Rothstein was the guy the whole time, and he makes a decently compelling case, but it's, you know, everyone's dead now. Yeah. Jim Fisher's gone a little bit down the rabbit hole If you ask me.


Yeah. I mean it's, it's kind of hard to tell with literally everyone having died, but for his money he thinks it was Rothstein. Yeah. And so there's probably not many people who are familiar with the case who would say that it wasn't Rothstein who built the bomb. But what Jim Fisher's saying is, like, Jim Bill Rothstein was behind everything and Marjorie deal, Armstrong murdering Jim Rodin was just like a gift that dropped in Bill Rothsteins lap that he could use to make all these puppets dance, including the cops. And that the whole point of it was to create this elaborate scheme, this elaborate crime that would puzzle people for, for, for years and years to come.


Which it's, it's doing that and that that was the point and that Brian Wells was going to die one way or another. Right. Because I think the FBI said they concluded the whole scavenger hunt was a hoax and that Brian Wells was never going to survive this, didn't they? Yeah. So, so this is Jim Fisher's position, but like you said, now that everybody's dead, really the only question is, you know, just how, how complicit was Brian Wells is the, is the last big question. That's right. And then there's one other guy who seems to have got off Scott Free named Floyd Stockton. Did you look into him A little bit. So he's a guy who was there. He was, he was there, he supposedly handed Rothstein the bomb to put around Brian Well's neck.


He was staying with Rothstein as a buddy on his couch, fleeing a rape charge in Washington. And somehow for some reason he got immunity and was not indicted, even though he was very much involved in this. And he got off scot free and Brian Well's family is going nuts over the fact that this guy's out there walking free, that he was, he was a part of this, this caper and he just, he didn't see a second inside of a jail. Yeah. It wouldn't surprise me if there were more people involved even. So what do you think, do you think Brian Wells was, was complicit? And if so, how much? Oh man, I don't know. I mean, it sounds like, I kind of believe the story that they were all in it together and he, he was probably double crossed, but this is just from reading about this thing many, many years later.


Do you think Marjorie deal Armstrong was the Mastermind? I don't know. I don't know either. Maybe we'll never know. But we might, but probably not. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Alright. Well If you wanna know more about the collar bomb case, you can type that word into the, the search bar, your favorite search engine. And it will likely bring up a very great article on Wired from Rich Shapiro. Read that. Start there. It's great. And since I said Rich Shapiro, it's time for the Listener Mail. I'm gonna go with one on Emoji and John Adams. Hey, guys, enjoyed the recent podcast about the history of emojis and emoticons reminded me of a discovery I made in the diaries of John Adams that makes a historical figure who's sometimes described as aloof, seemed completely charming when the future president was about 22 years old.


He made an entry in his diary in 1756 saying a cloudy morning about 10, and he drew a little sunshine breakout, a warm day. He uses a little line drawing in the sun that I always call an 18th century emoji. He liked a little creation so much he reused it. A month later in the same diary, a misty morning little sunshine breakout about noon on the Massachusetts Historical Society website, the text of his letters and diaries as faithfully transcribed. But in the cases a, in these cases, a parenthetical note tells readers that there are small drawings of the sun and advises them to refer to the scans of the handwritten page where you can actually see this.


Apparently he grew out of his habit though, 'cause his later diaries do not use the adorable little sun. Keep up the great work. My wife and I host a local history podcast for Boston. Nice. And it's tightly scripted. Oh man, he didn't even tell me what it was. I would've totally shouted it out. What I know. Big, big missed opportunity there. Jake, Sarah face one of these days we'll be confident enough to have an unscripted conversation like you guys do. And that is from Jake Sconiers. Okay, so everybody's look up Jake Sconiers Boston History podcast and he'll probably bring it up, right? Yeah, Probably. So Thanks a lot, Jake. Thanks for keeping up the good fight up there. That's pretty cool. Good story too.


If you want to get in touch with us like Jake did, tell us about your podcast, that's great. You can send us all an email to Steph podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web, Steph, you should know. Dot com Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member fda, you're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.