
Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's up? It's me, Don, Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


Hey everybody, it's Josh And. for this week, select. I've chosen our episode on Seam Monkeys that came out in March of 2018. Sea Monkeys are one of those things that you just take for granted when you're a kid. There's that one ad that was in every single issue of every single comic book. And for those of us lucky enough to mail off to get them, they became an even bigger part of your childhood when you got to watch 'em swim around in their cool little plastic tank. But sea monkeys have an even more amazing backstory than this. Not just of toy fame, but also of intrigue too. Hope you enjoy it. Welcome to Stuff, You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey.


and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry over there. We are swimmingly excited about this one because it is about Seam monkeys. Jerry is mama Sea Monkey. Yeah, she's got her little blonde Bob Hairdo going on. And I. Guess we're baby sea monkeys, I guess. Yeah, that's, that's cool. We'll let some, we'll, we'll let the dad not exist. Okay. We're brothers. That's right. I think that's a good move With a non-existent father, which really explains a lot about us. Non-existent Sea Monkey father no less. Yeah.


So Chuck, I realized that I don't know something about you, which is weird 'cause we've been doing this for almost 10 years And we're Seam Monkey brothers. We, we are. We know a lot about one another. We know one another. Smells, looks, scowls, all sorts of stuff. Right? Triumphs victories. One thing I don't know about you is whether you were into comic books as a kid. Well, glad you asked. I feel like we've talked about this at some point, but maybe not. I, yeah, we have for sure. Okay. Because remember I read Archie and Richie Rich. Oh yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


And I wasn't Su Well, here's a couple of things. I read Archie and Richie Rich growing up and didn't get into the superhero comics much. 'cause I don't know why. But then also you don't know this part. Okay. We used to go to visit my grandmother on my father's side, and She was big time into Thor, Granny Thor. She lived in Jackson, Tennessee. And, it was, I had sort of the modern grandparents with cable TV who lived in a condo. Oh, nice. Yeah. And then old school granny who lived in a house in the country. And so Gran Granny Bryant didn't have TV or anything like that, but what she did have in the back room was a bunch of my dad and Uncle Ed's old toys and comic books from when they were kids.


Nice. So I think they were mainly Uncle Eddie's. So I got, I had a big stack of comics from I guess the 1960s that were like, man from uncle, I'm trying to read a, I'm trying to think of a few more. No superhero stuff, but just those weird sort of, I guess it wasn't weird, but The Man from Uncle is the only one I can remember. But It's a little weird. Long story short is because that's all the entertainment we had to ingest. We would, my brother, And I would go back there and read those every year for years. That's pretty awesome. Did you the Same comics, So you made your way through that stack multiple times.


Oh, many, many times. Gotcha. Like I remember the ads. I remember, I remember everything about 'em. So then you remember, obviously, I think you probably knew where I was going with this from the outset. You remember the ads for the C Monkeys, then I remember C Monkeys. I remember X-Ray specs. Sure. Which we'll get into And I. Remember for sure all the ads for like, can you draw this parrot or pirate? Oh yeah. Remember that? For the art school? Yeah. What was that? I think they just took your money and then sent you a degree for your art school. Is that what it was? I'm pretty sure. So disappointing. Yeah. But the, the turtle was pretty cool. He had like a newsy camp on and a turtleneck and he just looked like he was ready to, to get mellow, you know?


Yeah. Oh, you know the other one too was the Charles Atlas workout thing. Do you remember that? Oh yeah. Where the 98 pound weakling gets sand kicked in his face. Totally. Man. Yeah. That's really playing on some 15 year olds insecurities And. it worked. Oh yeah, for Sure. I'm sure. And what about you? I remember Sea Monkeys. There's one that always stuck out to me, was a bonkers ad from the eighties. This would've been way past your man from uncle era comic books. But I think I've asked you before the If you had ever had bonkers, they're like these fruit chew, they were like just the, the superior Starburst. Okay. and there was a comic book ad in there with like this like kind of of crotchety old lady in it, And I.


Don't even remember the gist of it. I think maybe she was mad that the kid was eating bonkers and enjoying it. I don't know. But I'll never forget that comic for some reason, because the colors in it were just, just perfect. And they struck my brain just right. So I've, I've always got that bonkers comic book ad in there too. And a lot of bubble bubble. Yum. Comic book ads are stuck in there as well. Nothing that means anything really. And certainly nothing pertinent to this episode except for that CM Monkeys ad. Yeah. But you And I were also into Mad Magazine big time. Which which I believe was ad free, wasn't it? It was. They had like those fake ads. Oh yeah. Of course. Which were pretty hilarious. You Have to satirical ads. Sure. But no, I don't think they had any like, actual ads in them.


They were just strictly subscription based. That's Right. So in that CM Monkeys ad, if you'll remember correctly, And I think for many decades it was virtually the same thing. Yeah. It was this kind of group, this tribe of humanoid figures. It was a family. It was a family. But, but exactly what kind of family they were is really up for debate. So they, they were kinda lanky, like stringy ropey, arms and legs. Punchy tummies. Yeah. Naked is the day they were born. Sure. Webbed feet, webbed tails. Like their, the end of their tail was like webbed, which If you look closely, I think was probably just a device to cover dad's junk in the, in the illustration.


They were like, we need something on the end of their tail there buddy And it. This, this just is like this classic illustration of the seam monkeys that apparently was done by this guy named Joe Orlando Mad Magazine. He, yeah. He is from Mad Magazine. Creepy magazine is another one. He ran some comic lines at DC comics for a while. He, he's kind of a legend, but he is also extremely well known outside of the comic world for having drawn that seam Monkey family. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm looking at it right now. Look at that. It's, it's like unchanged. I know. And what's great too is we'll talk about later somebody, some people went in and fiddled around with it and If, you look now If, you go to buy the Sea Monkeys now they're basically back to the way they were before.


Well, yeah. And we'll get to that too. You also did mention the castle, which is kind of key because somehow they have these little crown like heads. And, I Guess we're kings of the, the, the bowl I I guess they were. Yeah. They were a royal sea monkey family. Kings of the fishbowl. And only inhabitants actually. So If you, right. So you could proclaim yourself. The royal family, you mean I've done that at our house. So If, you look closely at some of those ads. They say there's like a little fine print that says these are caricatures of sea monkeys. It's not actually what your sea monkeys look like. Or it's an artist's interpretation or something like that.


And, it turns out that sea monkeys and, and just prepare for your childhood to, to blow away like so much dust in the wind. Chuck. Sea monkeys don't actually exist. There's no such thing. Yeah. Did you know that already? Well, of course. Well, sea monkeys as sea monkeys don't exist. But they are real li little living creatures that you buy Right. And have shipped in an envelope back in those days in an envelope to your home. And they are actually their own thing. So what they are ultimately is something called Artia or Brian Shrimp.


Yes. But the guy who ended up calling them Sea Monkeys was actually well within his right to call 'em something different than just Brian Shrimp because they're a hybrid version of Brian Shrimp. The guy who invented Sea Monkeys actually tinkered along with a micro crustaceans expert named Dino. I can't remember his first name. I think when you have a name like Dino, you can just go by that. So, so Dino and this guy named Harold von Bratton or brought Braun Hot. Right. They got together and they actually took Brian Shrimp and made them into something different. A hybrid version that we now know and love as sea monkeys.


Yeah. So the literal sea monkeys that you buy don't exist in nature. Right. They are a manmade creation. I don't think we can get that through clearly enough. 'cause it's pretty scientifically it's pretty amazing. And they did that because they, they couldn't find any of these brine shrimp varieties that would live through the shipping process and be able to be essentially rehydrated and brought to life to the delight of children. So they made them Right. And it worked. and there was no, no clapping and squealing with original Brian Shrimp. Right? No.


So through these cross-breeding programs, they made Brian shrimp. Brian Shrimp were already, you could, I think you can still go to pet stores and buy them. They're a type of food. They're a pet food. Yeah. And all, they're just like tiny little micro crustacean. And they enter into what's called cryptobiosis. Yeah. And they're basically, if you'll remember our tarter grade episode, they basically do the same thing that tarter grades do. They enter into the state of suspended animation, a desiccated state where they're just dried out and just sitting there waiting for the conditions to be right. To basically come back to life. That's what seam monkeys are. Yeah. So you get this little package, they're basic, they're brine shrimp eggs is what it is or what they are.


And then you get purified water, put 'em in there. And I believe there's a growth formula as well, right? Yeah. That's like their food. It's like spirulina and yeast, I believe. Right. But it's, no one truly knows what the exact formulation for all this stuff is because it is locked in a vault in Manhattan. Because it was, it was the only one that worked And. it was owned, owned by this Van Braten character, van Braten Bra Hut, Braun Hut. I know, it's a tough word, tough name to say. I've seen it a hundred times in the last like eight hours. But still. Yeah. Yeah. So this, until he died in 2003, Harold von Braun hut and his wife Yolanda, were the only two people on the planet who knew what this special formula was that created those conditions.


'cause remember you've got sea monkeys, little brine shrimp that are in the state of crypto bios. This, this dried out desiccated state. And when you put them just into regular tap water, they don't necessarily come to life. There's something in that powder that alters the pH and the salinity and makes it just perfect for them to emerge from this cryptobiosis almost instantaneously. Yeah. In fact, early on, the Seam monkeys were originally just called Instant Life, I believe is what they, the name they were originally marketed under. Yeah. It's not the best, not the best name. No And. it is. It's weird that that name was chosen because it turns out that Harold von Braun Hut is, or was a marketing genius.


He, he wrote the original 32 page booklet that I believe still comes with the sets. Is that right? I couldn't find evidence of that. And I was looking online to find a transcription of it and was very surprised to find no one's done that serious. You would think there'd be entire fan sites that are, that this is like their Bible. You know, the original version of it would have later additions of it. Couldn't find it anywhere. Well, I don't know if it still comes with it, but for many, many, many years. And even after his death, that original prose was, which told this fantastical story. I mean, that's the whole point. It wasn't just like, add water and you're all set.


Right. It told the whole story of seam monkeys. Yeah. It said things like, you can, your sea monkeys can be hypnotized, you can train them to play baseball, you can race them. They're, they're like, they love to race there. All sorts of things. You can basically train 'em into a pack of friendly seals, I think is the way they put it. It it talked about like their courtship and reproduction and just all sorts of stuff. Like it was Yeah. This guy's just basically, do you remember that that treatment that George Lucas wrote about Wikis and, and Chewbacca's Planet that got turned into the Star Wars Christmas special? Yeah. This is the exact same thing. But this is the Sea Monkeys world. Right.


I would like to see, well, I was about to say I'd like to see the Sea Monkeys TV show, but I did. What did you think? Did you watch any of it? Yeah, I did. Yeah. So that was a TV show in the eighties starring Howie Mandel. Yeah. It just really doesn't get any better. Like who else would've been better than Howie Mandel for That? It was Howie Mandel. He produced it as well, along with the Chito brothers who were known for making killer clowns from Outer Space. Yeah. So you know what you're kind of gonna get there. It is the definition of camp. Like they watch PeeWee's Playhouse and they're like, this is kind of campy, but let's increase it by 35%. Yeah. And that's what they did. It was not, not long for this world though.


What? Right. No, and the thing is is, I don't know if we've gotten this across, it was live action. Oh Yeah. Right. It wasn't a cartoon. That's what made it so not just campy that made it unsettling as well. Like the, the actors were all done up as like Sea Monkeys And, it, it was four kids, but it was obviously made by adults with a wink and a nod to other adults. It was a weird, weird, weird show. Yeah, It was. I didn't see it in, I only watched like a bit of one episode. I didn't see enough to judge the whole 11, I think, episode lifespan. but it was like Sid and Marty Croft without the LSD. Right. And. it was with PCP Instant.


That's how it struck me. I was like, these people are on angel dust. Yeah. But all this to say that it was, was and continues to be a big selling item. Like kids loved Sea Monkeys. They bought them. And I mean, from what I can tell, when kids bought Sea Monkeys, they didn't care that they didn't look like those things. And they were just thought it was cool that something they got in the mail really did come to life. Yeah, for sure. And you could raise them. And after, you know, after some tinkering, von bro hut managed to get them to live for a while. So these were like pets to, to the kids. Plus I also think, Chuck, I suspect, and this is a big reason why Seam monkeys were such a success, von bro hut, when he started to market these things early on, he was following immediately in the wake of something called Instant Fish.


Right. That I think Whammo had tried to market and had failed terribly at. And he was going around trying to market something similar and toy stores and retailers were like, we don't want anything to do with those people almost lost their jobs over that instant fish stuff. Get outta here. So Von Broho in a, in a stroke of Genius said, you know what, I'm gonna go right to the source. So he started marketing directly to kids. He started hanging out at elementary school parking lots. He did. And he'd be like, here, here kid. Come look at my minivan. I've got a bunch of stuff for you to choose from. Right. Yeah. Well, the comic books thing was a stroke of Genius. How many, like three, three and a half million ads a year.


Was that it? Or pages? 303 million pages. Oh wow. A year. And now tho so most of those were two page inserts. So that's 150 issues of 150 million issues of comic books a year. I Wonder how expensive that was. I don't know. I'm quite sure he got some deals over the years. 'cause he started that marketing push in 1964, And I. I don't know exactly when it stopped, but it was well into the nineties that there were seamon ads in comic books still that were virtually the same as ever. Did You ever buy any of that stuff? I had a friend who had seam monkeys. I never did myself. Oh. But that was a point that I was getting away from that I wanted to make, I think one of the reasons Seam monkeys were successful was because it wasn't just that these things were pets or whatever, but you ordered them yourself.


Like you handled this transaction yourself. Right. And you got to show your friends something that you purchased. Like your parents didn't take you to the store or anything like that. You con you, you contracted with this, this strange man to buy these Brian Shrimp from him and they arrived and you followed the instructions. Fish. Now they're floating around. Yeah. Well you probably got mom or dad to cut you a a 49 cent check or have them cut a check or, or you know, you, you maybe got the funds from your lemonade stand and converted that to a There you go. A cash bond. Yep. Convertible bear bond. A bear bond. I don't know what any of that stuff is, but yeah.


So you probably had a little assistance from mom and dad, or maybe you put a dollar in an envelope. I'll bet many kids. Did I wonder if Bro Hut sent the, the change, sent the change back, or was like, I'm keeping this change kid just to teach you a lesson, not to send a dollar bill in the mail anymore. Yeah. 'cause you can't send change in the mail. Right. Right. So I mean, suffice to say, seed monkeys were and are just like one of the classic toys of all time. Largely because of the way they were marketed. Right. Well, yeah. And von Brown hut, this was not his only jam. He had close to 200 patents on everything. Like, you know, we mentioned the X-ray specs And, that great, great ad of, of the guy looking at his hand or the, or the sexist misogynistic ad of him leering at a woman in a dress.


Right. And X-ray specs were very disappointing. Yeah. When you got those, because they were, it was two pieces of cardboard with little pinholes that you look through. And in between the cardboard where that pinhole is, is a feather. Right. And so what it did was it basically projected two overlapping images of the same thing. So the edges around the outside of it were just kind of fuzzier than the middle basically. Yeah. Supposedly that was what an X-ray of your hand looked like. Yeah. So that, that's a case of fraud. Yeah. That's a good way to put it.


Or what about the invisible goldfish? That was another one. Is That is, that's so fraudulent that it's just beautiful. It's elegant and it's fraudulent. Well, but it's almost not fraudulent because here was the deal, he sold what was called Invisible goldfish, which basically means nothing. He sold nothing successfully. Right. It was a, the kit came with the fishbowl fish food and instructions And. that was it. and there was a guarantee that you would never see your invisible fish. Well, that's because they would remain invisible. Yeah. And that what's, I think that is the distinction that makes it not fraud Right. Is he basically said, you're not gonna see anything in this bowl. Yep. And And, that was that.


What else did he do? He had, he invented Balderdash the game. Oh, that's right. He also invented those dolls eyes where you lay your doll back and its eyes closed. He invented those. Yeah, he invented that, that technology, which is, was a game changer for creepy baby dolls. He also, even before his days of inventing, he was a, a a, an interesting guy, basically his whole life. He, he raced motorcycles and cars under the name the Green Hornet. He was a talent manager for a couple of people. One was a mentalist. Yeah. Talent talent manager like Broadway. Danny Rose was a talent manager.


Okay. I don't know who that is, but I'm gonna go along with it. What is that? Is that what what's that from? The name's familiar, but I don't know who it's, it, It was a Woody Allen movie where he played. Okay. That was a, it was a talent manager that managed like, you know, people like this that would, the high divers that would dive into shallow pools and mentalist and, and this guy was even a, wasn't he a mentalist for a little while? I didn't see that. I wouldn't be at all surprised. Yeah. I think he did a little work as the great something. Did you see? Well, he managed a guy named the Great Daner. I didn't get whether that was him or not, though. It could have been. No, no, no. That was an, that was, that was him. And he had his own act for A little while. Oh, gotcha. Okay. Did you see the guy who, who the, the high dive guy?


Did you see his jump? No. Oh my. Okay. There's a guy named Amri Lamo, I believe. Yeah, he, yeah. Amri Lamo If. you go look him up. H-E-N-R-I-L-A-M-O-T-H-E. You're going to be treated to an AP video that was shot in the early seventies from the looks of it, where he's opening up for an evil Knievel act in a parking lot in God knows where in New Jersey. And he climbs up this ladder, a 40 foot ladder. And below beneath is one of these tiny little kitty pools filled with like 18 inches of water. And this guy who, who is clearly in his mid seventies, maybe older, dives 40 feet into 18 inches of water in a kitty pool belly.


First he does basically a belly flap and immediately stands up with like ta-da. It's one of the most amazing things I've ever seen in my life. And, and this guy, Harold v Bro hut managed that guy back in the day. Yeah, okay. He wasn't a, he was a, A magician. Okay. Who worked under the name The Great Telepo. That's a pretty good name. And he also invented something called the Direct Mat, which was this device where you punch in your destination in New York. Like you're in New York City, you punch in your destination and the machine told you the fastest subway route. Oh, that's smart. It Was Google Maps. That's very smart. Like 50 years early, But using like punch cards instead of, you know, real technology basically.


But I mean, the guy, you know, not only was he a marketing genius, he had a real knack for inventing some successful useful things. So he had this other thing that you could get for like 59 95 And. it was actually a weapon. So much so that he, he was stopped at LaGuardia Airport in 1979 and arrested because he had a briefcase of samples of this stuff that he was selling, I think through mail order And. it was called the what? What is koyo? Agent M five. Yeah. The K yoga agent M five. It's basically a telescoping metal whip. You know, you've seen the telescoping batons and things Right.


That cops can use, I guess. Or I guess anybody can use them And do, I Actually had one of those for a little while for some reason. Did you really? I did. I thought, you know what, I'm not a gun guy, but I thought I'll put this thing in the floorboard in my car. Sure. And if anyone ever reaches their hand in the window, then they're gonna get a, a wrapped knuckle. It's smart. That's funny. I don't know where it went though. It didn't telescope properly, so I was like, that's probably not good. No, It's not because you, I mean, that's not what you want. And you, plus you have to practice with that kind of thing. That's a, it's a big commitment. You just turning and running is way better. Well, yeah, just, I went back to plan A, which is poop. Poop my pants and cry.


Right. Hopefully that works. No one wants to punch a guy who's just pooped his pants, you know. Alright, so the not in the, but at least. Right. So this M five telescoping W or whip. Alright. This is where things get weird. Yeah. And we'll, we'll set this up right before the ad break because it turns out that Mr. Von Brott, Mr. Von Brown Hutt was perhaps almost certifiably a white nationalist Aryan Nazi. Sure. Is that fair to Say? I think so. Alright.


And what we'll get to that right after this If you Wanna know then you are in luck just Listen to Josh and If. you should know


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-Road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra checked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Compute. Compute do delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what, buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at and t


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you a little bit about Peloton because once you take a Peloton class, you're gonna quickly realize that you're in for a real challenge. Yeah, Thanks. In part to the challenging expert instructors, Peloton instructors are no joke. They're military trained sub three hour marathon running. Ex-college athletes who really know how to push you towards your power. That's right. There's so many challenging programs to choose from. Peloton has a few seasoned marathoners with tread programs to help you get ready for race day. And their custom strength workouts for the gym keeps you on track to push your limits every single time. Peloton has the training programs you need to push yourself and they offer pace targets as well that are detail oriented and allow you to tailor your workouts to your specific goals. So find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning, Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on MSNBC,


Stuff, You, Should, Know, Stuff You, Should Know. Okay. Chuck, I'm sure everybody just bit the tips of their fingers off waiting for those ads to finish so we could get back to it. Is It fair to call him a Nazi? So here's the thing. It has been so thoroughly documented by legitimate sources like the Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times, His own mouth, The, yeah. His own mouth. The Jewish Anti-Defamation League. I believe I, I don't know if the Southern Poverty Law Center actually tracked him or not, but this guy has definitely been identified as somebody who is, has was a long time contributor to white nationalist groups, specifically the Aryan Nations out of Idaho, which was one of the original white hate groups in the United States.


That's right. Here's the problem with that. This is the guy who invented Sea Monkeys. Problem number two is that If, you ever sent your money off to buy some sea monkeys. Some of that money had a very good chance of having been turned around and given to the Aryan Nation. And herein lies a real moral conundrum for a lot of people. Understandably so. Yeah. So, well I didn't see, did he just give money, period. Yes. But the people are saying, I gave you some of that money for Sea Monkeys. Who knows what dimes and nickels that I gave you went to Aryan Nation. I don't want any money going to Aryan Nation.


So I feel horrible that my money went to you, which you turn in turn gave to the Aryan Nation. Right. However, this M five was there, there was a man named Richard Butler. This guy was a real piece of human garbage. He was the founder of the Alien Nation. Yeah. He was the worst. He's not with us anymore, thankfully. But he, he was a very bad man and he was brought, brought up on trial and basically this M five little telescoping whip that was invented by von Braun hut that was specifically used that, that that product and proceeds from that specifically went to a fund to help out Richard Butler.


Right. So like we know that for sure. Yeah. Everything's going along for Harold von Braun hut pretty swimmingly until the late eighties. Right. In the late eighties, Richard Butler is brought up along with I think 14 or 15 other white nationalist leaders on sedition charges, basically trying to overthrow the government through plotting assassinations, the trying to start a race war. They were, they had some serious charges against them. They were eventually acquitted of these charges. Yeah. But, but as part of this defense fund in the Aryan Nation newsletter, Richard Butler talks about the KGA agent M five as a great, you know, a great tool for every Aryan nationalist to have a great weapon and, and defense mechanism.


And If, you order this thing on the order form, write the letters a n for Aryan Nation. And the inventor of this project pro product has pledged that 25 of those $60 will be given to my defense fund. So now all of a sudden, for the first time ever, the guy who invented Sea Monkeys is tied to the guy who founded the Aryan Nation Hate group. Yeah. And this was just like the beginning of the can of worms, which he did not invent the can of worms, but he should have. Right. It was the beginning of that being open because like you said, late late eighties, what it was, it 88, I think in the Washington Post, basically got ahold of this story, did some investigating and found that he was involved in quote some of the most extreme racist and anti-Semitic organizations in the country.


But here's the deal, like there are quotes from his mouth that say things about inscrutable slanty Korean eyes when dealing with Korean shop owners and talking about Jews and black people like literal quotes. Yet when he's finally contacted the, this great article that we kind of started with was when he was still alive, he would deny that this was, that this was him. Right. And, but not try and clear it up or anything. Basically just say that's a bunch of bunk. That was where there were newsletters written for an organization called the National anti-Zionist Institute written by one Hendrick von Braun.


But the return address was the same PO box that you sent off to get seam monkeys. Yeah. Sea Monkey like paraphernalia still today. Same address. So it's not very Yeah, it's in Maryland, which is where he he lived. Right. So he wasn't like covering his tracks very well at all. So he, so all that started that Washington Post expose specifically also came out of a property dispute. He, he later claimed that all of these were lies And. that they were drummed up by somebody who was in a property dispute with, I think there was a developer who was encroaching on his land and he was suing them. And I think he said that the developer had brought all this up. The thing is, whether the developer exposed it or not, or tipped the Washington Post after this or not, this is already like pretty well known in the toy industry Supposedly.


Yeah. And pretty well documented. Like it wasn't just that this Harold Von bro hut gave money to the Aryan Nation. Like he would go to their annual rally in Idaho and light the cross himself. He would, he would speak at some of their, their conferences and apparently not very well received. I thought that's pretty funny. Like he would, he wasn't like the best speaker. No, He would, he would kind of go off on topics that the Aryans weren't particularly interested in, like numerology or the pyramids or how it all tied together. Yeah. But the thing is, he had a lot of money and he was apparently quite willing to give it.


Now no one has, we have to say, no one has ever documented a penny that was given to the Aryan Nation. The closest thing to a smoking gun is that newsletter from Richard Butler saying that the inventor of this has pledged $25 per, but the very fact that he was basically allowed into the orbit of Richard Butler himself strongly suggests that he, he actually followed through on those campaign pledges and legal defense fund pledges and, and apparently a former spokesman for the Aryan Nation who is now a reformed racist, he says, spoke out about Harold von Braun hut and said he didn't know exactly how much he gave, but he gave a lot and he gave pretty frequently when he was asked.


Right. So things get a little weirder here because it turns out that Von Bro Hut was actually Jewish. He was born to Jeanette Cohen and Edward Broun hut, not von Bron hut right outta that little Vaughn to I guess mize him. I guess so. And he was born in New York City on March 31st, 1926 as Harold Nathan Braun Hut and If, you know, anything about ary nations or any of those groups, they don't take kindly to of Jewish guy, even if he's like rebukes that to being a member. Right. But like you said, he had a lot of dough and that's basically why everyone thinks they allowed him to stay on as a member.


Yeah. So the, the 1988 Washington Post article did a couple of things. One, it outed the inventor of sea monkeys as an Aryan white supremacist, or I should say just a white supremacist. He was an Ian. It also outed him as a non Arian, as a Jewish person born Jewish to Jewish parents about as Jewish as you can possibly get, aside from being a practicing Jew. Right. So he, he was outed in this, in this Washington Post article like two times over. So everybody was mad at him from either side. Right. The the thing is like, even after, I guess the Aryan Nation released a, a a a press release about this saying that they were disappointed to find out this guy that they were friends with was actually Jewish, but he was not kicked out of their circle.


He stayed apparently as, as Intracted as he was before and still was always a part of the organization's conferences and stuff like that. Yeah. And he wa it wasn't just the Aryan Nations. He, in 1985, the Washington Post says that US attorney Thomas Bauer, there was a weapons case in 1985 against a member of the clan, grand Dragon Dale Roche. Yeah, it was in 1980, I think that the transaction happened. Okay. But the weapons case was in 1985. Gotcha. And Van Braun hut basically loaned the guy $12,000 so he could buy more than 80 firearms.


Yeah. Like, here go buy a bunch of guns. Well, the Okay. Yes. And this is a, a, a grand wizard of the Klan, I believe. Right? Yes. So the reason I pointed out that it happened in 1980, the year before the Washington Post had had drummed up in that 1988 article the year before, he had paid like $1,300 for his parents' graves in a Jewish cemetery to be kept up in perpetuity. So this is like this, this is this weird dual life. This guy is living like born and raised Jewish, respecting his Jewish parents' funeral wishes and burial wishes, and then months later helping a grand wizard of the KKK buy 83 firearms and then taking possession of the firearms himself until the loan was paid back.


It's crazy. It is a little crazy. It's quite surprising actually, too. I mean that's like a big one two punch, you know? Yeah. So he didn't actually, he would do licensing deals over the years. That's how he ran his business. Probably smartly to do that. If, you ask me. But over the years have been many, many companies that held the license for seam monkeys that he partnered with. And they all kinda had different reactions. There was one called Alarmy Limited, one called Basic fun, one called Educational Insights. There may have been more today. It resides with big time toys. But this article that we dug up from when he was still alive, basically this guy gets in touch with a lot of these people and some of them said they believe the story, that it was just some story that this angry neighbor cooked up to slander his name.


Other ones have said, yeah, you know what, everyone kind of knew about it, but we're not gonna, we're not gonna take that out on the Sea Monkeys. Right. And he was a nice guy to us. And what he does in his private time is no one's business. Yeah. The thing is, is like some of the people that he was doing business with were Jewish and were taking some of the things he was doing in his private life personally themselves. Like the guy who was the president of Basic Fun, which that's one of the worst names for a toy company ever. Basic fun. It's like, don't get too excited. This is just basic fun. It was, They had a spinoff company called Minimal Enjoyment. Right.


He, he got the license, or his company got the license for Sea Monkeys to handle distributing and marketing seam monkeys. And he apparently asked von Braun hut like, is this true? And von Braun hut told him, no, there's this developer I'm in a dispute with who's like trying to drum up bad press. They're all lies. Well, within a year, the New York Times wrote an article about that annual rally at the Aryan Nation compound in Idaho and said that Harold Von Broud had been a speaker there. So the guy from Basic Fund was like, yeah, that's it. I'm done with your contracts broken. Yeah. I mean that did happen sometimes over the years and other times, you know, people I guess money talks, so they were willing to put up with it.


Yeah. Yep. It's crazy. He, you know, like when he was called personally, he said, I don't have to defend myself to you or anyone else. I'm hanging up. Right. So I guess it was a time when, you know, pre-internet, pre-social media where you could kinda get away with stuff like this a little easier. Yeah. I mean, like, he was, yeah, it was just an open secret. And I think, like you said, I think you hit the nail on the head man when there's like this much money involved and when you're talking about a brand where it's just like an beloved American icon. Yeah. Like people just look the other way on the fact that you're a white supremacist.


You know, it's, it's bizarre. but it, it's apparently this is a story of how the world works in that respect. Yeah. It was interesting for this one article, I think from the early two thousands, the From the All Was that? Oh no, no, no. That was from 2011. The the other one was Oh Yeah, yeah. That was when he had currently the licensee was Educational Insights. And they, at the time, it was funny to go back and read this. They were trying to update the image for the Sea Monkeys. Yeah, Yeah. And they had like these draw, they hired some big advertising guy and the marketing guy and he came in and was basically like, no man, like kids these days, they don't want these little skinny potbellied king, queen prince and princess family.


They want superheroes. So he buffed them up and put capes on 'em. Yeah. And made a new jingle. And they never went with any of that stuff. It kind of all went in the wastebasket, I think. Well, one new thing did come out of it, and Von or Harold Brohu had a patent on it. It was one of his last patents. It was a, a watch that you could inject a couple of Live Sea Monkeys into. And they would live in there for 24 hours before, I guess either they died or If, you could suck 'em back out and put 'em back in their aquarium. But you could walk around with your two favorite or luckiest sea monkeys for the day and tell time as well. So that was, there was at least one thing that came out of that updating.


But If, you go back and look If, you look at those, you're like, this is pretty lame. And you go back and look today at the Seam Monkey packaging. It's, it is basically back to how it was like in that Joe Orlando style. But If, you do wanna watch some business people do some tap dancing. It's really interesting. Read this article, it's called The Sea Monkeys and the White Supremacist. It was in the LA Times on October 1st, 2000 written by Tamar Bra who did a pretty good job of like, oh yeah, just some good old fashioned like, like, like footwork or legwork going to, to to pound the, the beat. Pound the beat with the, with the footwork. Sniff 'em off the case.


You know what I'm saying? Alright, well let's take another break and we're gonna come back and we're talk about, we're gonna talk about where things stand today in the fight over the rights and the fortune of the sea Monkeys If. You wanna know then you are in luck just Listen to Josh and If. you should know


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra checked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything. At and t,


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow on our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on MSNBC.


Running A small business is complicated. There are, I don't know, dozens of software programs that you need. And they're all so expensive and since they come from different companies, they don't always play nice with one another. But what can you do? Right? ODU, that's what ODU has. All the software business owners need. We're talking CRM, sales, accounting, literally every kind of software And, it's all on one platform. So it works together and it's quality software. So you're not sacrificing, it's just a better experience than a hodgepodge of programs. I mean, you'd expect to pay a premium for it, right? But that's the most amazing part about ODU. This interconnected suite of business software costs less than the mishmash of disconnected programs you're currently using less. So my question is why spend more on programs that are less efficient when Odoo simple software platform can handle everything for a fraction of the price? Discover how Odoo can take your business to the next level by visiting Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com. Stuff You Should Know.


Alright, so we know what happened actually, how did he die? I didn't even see that. I didn't see that either. He died in 2003, but I'm not sure why. Alright, so he died. Yeah, That's True. But he left behind his wife, Yolanda Elli von Braun hut. Did you look her up? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah, she was, she was an actress. Mm. She was sort of a sort of like a pinup bombshell bee movie actress. Is that fair to say? She, It's Fairish. I had also seen her movies as described as adult films as well.


I'm not sure She was in a movie. I gotta see this one. It's called Love After Death and it's a soft core zombie flick. Oh Well that's Sweet. From from the sixties. Yeah. But yeah, she was a pretty interesting person in in her own right as well. Yeah. And she says for her, as far as the Aryan Nation stuff, she says like, I never knew and saw this side of him. So I don't know if she's being on the level or if she's just kind of quashing this and covering for him. Well, it's kind of not clear to me. I saw, I don't know if it was in that New York Times article or in the, the 1988 Washington Post article, but his first wife was contacted and interviewed for it and she was like, what are you guys talking about?


Really? Yeah. So who knows, maybe he did just keep the, he was clearly somebody who could compartmentalize the different parts of his personality. Yes. So maybe, maybe he really did just leave, leave the wives out of it, Man. How, how could you not know something? Right. That's crazy. Just going, going to Idaho on my yearly trip. Yeah, That's weird. He always goes to Idaho when the Aryan Nation assembles. Alright, so Yolanda re Levon Barron Hut lived, And I think still lives in, or at least as as of two years ago when this article came out in the Potomac River Estate in southern Maryland.


But she is, she's she's she's broke. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. She has no electricity, no running water. And she has been in, been in a legal battle with big time toys and their chief executive Sam Harwell for basically several years trying to get money because big time toys says this is our company now. Yeah. Big time Toy. Sounds like a, I'd be nervous about going into business with them. I'm more of a basic fun guy. Yeah. Big time to, sounds like they're moving too fast for me. You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, so, so Yolanda Bro Hut has, she's got kind of like a, a Gray Gardens thing going on right now against her will.


This is not something she's happy about at all. And her position is of, as far as the Times tells it, is that she engaged in a licensing deal, which is how Sea Monkeys have been produced basically since the beginning with a company, with that company Big time Toys where they would handle the packaging and the distribution and her company, her own little company, would handle making the actual sea monkeys that the, that were, that were put into that packaging that big time toys sold. Right. So big time toys would buy the Sea Monkeys that they would put into the packages and then would turn around and sell to the public.


That was the arrangement initially. Right. So we have the secret formula that no one else has seemed to be been able to crack. This is Yolanda talking. Yeah. Should I have done my Yolanda voice? Yeah, Let's hear it. I dunno what she sounds like High pitched Italian stereotype. Let's hear it, Chuck. No, no, no. She, it would offend like three different groups of people if I did that. Yeah. Yeah, I think you would. She, she basically said, we have the secret formula, the only one that works that can keep these things alive. Everyone else has tried and failed and so we will sell these to you and you can do everything else and cut me a check. and there was also a side deal that said you can buy this company, including the secret formula for 5 million bucks upfront and then another 5 million in installments.


And so big time basically called her up a few years ago, probably about five years ago at this point, if my math is right and said, you know what, all these payments we've been making to you for the licensing deal, we just kind of consider that layaway. And as far as we're concerned, we own sea monkeys now. Yeah. We've reached that $5 million point. So there ares, Which ostensibly should not have been that money, it should have been separate payments. Right. If I understand this correctly. But I mean, when somebody does that, what are you gonna do? You gotta go sue 'em. Right. And that's what they're doing. And they're bleeding this lady dry, at least as far as this, this New York Times profile is concerned.


And I mean if If, you get into a fight like that and you don't have the money you can lose. So this is a, this Could be a sad end to the Sea Monkey saga because here's the other problem you might be saying to yourself, well why doesn't she just not sell them the Sea Monkeys anymore? Well she did. She stopped when they stopped making payments and said they own the Seam Monkey brand And it turned out that in this court case that big, big, big time toys Yeah. Had been buying knockoff sea monkeys from China and then that's what they were putting into the Sea Monkey thing. So apparently if you're buying If, you buy a currently a, a Sea Monkey package, you're getting big time toys, packaging and Chinese knockoff sea monkey packets, Which don't work.


Apparently. I went and looked at Amazon reviews and almost all of them for all the products said none of them hatched or they hatched for like a day. These things stink when I was a kid. They worked. So it, it's weird that it's sort of ironic that they ended up creating this special breed, essentially. Right. That worked And that ended up being their undoing because in court, in the affidavit, the leader, this Harwell guy whose wife by the way is the head, she's the speaker of the house of the Tennessee House of Representatives. Oh yeah. So yeah, they were, they were power family. Okay. All the way around. Not to be trifled with, in his affidavit he says he outsourced the monkeys to China and says there are seven recognized species of our timia brine shrimp.


And this is not one of them. So because they had created their own species, it ended up being their undoing a court it looks like, because it doesn't officially exist as a real species that these guys are getting Yeah. But I'm pretty sure he got a patent on the species that they, they made Well no, that's what I'm saying though. But he's not getting that species. Oh, I see. He's getting these Well they're not knockoffs, they're mother nature's own Sure, sure. Yeah. From China. Right. But, but they're not the ones that are working. Right. I gotcha. So it's just a mess. But then still doesn't that like raise questions about how you could use the Sea Monkey's name or something like That's what I wondered.


But I guess if they had the license to use the seam monkey's name because they were in charge of packaging and distribution, maybe then Yeah, I guess they could say, well we're not going to use the official ones any longer. We're gonna use these natural ones. Man, what a mess. Well, and it's a mess too because you're like, oh, do I root for the side of this guy who was a, a white nationalist, but you know his wife says she didn't know anything about that. Right. And she's going broke and has, has been basically had this company stolen from her. Yep. It seems like, yeah, it's just, I don't know. I don't know what to think. Or do you root for the guys who are apparently stealing the company from the big time Toys Widow Of the white nationalist Can't root for big time toys.


Yeah. You know what I predict though, Chuck? I predict that Sea Monkeys, the brand will ultimately rise above this. That it will, it will survive this somehow and still be around 20, 30 years from now. The Sea Monkeys will take over. Yeah. They will eventually overthrow the human race man. Like the Aryans plotted to overthrow the US government. What a story. It's quite a story. That's a good one, man. Thanks for digging this up. That Sure. Well If, you wanna know more about Sea Monkeys? Just start digging around, pulling at the loose threads. You're gonna find some interesting stuff and since I said interesting stuff, that means it's time frames for listener mail.


I'm gonna call this Pompe Pompeian Lemons. Okay. Is that how you would say it? Pompeiian? Yeah. I thought that was beautiful. All right. Long time listener. First time emailer guys recently listened to the Pompeii show, very informative. And I used to be a tour guide in Europe and led close to 15 tours on the Amalfi Coast, Pompeii and Mount Vesuvius. Nice. I Listen to Josh experience with the lemons. They do in fact grow to be the size beer head. However, those gigantic lemons are actually called EDRi and are more for show than anything. They're called EDRi the Entertainer. If. you ever cut one in half? The inside is actually about the size of a normal lemon.


The rind can be a few inches thick and boy are they bitter. Definitely not something you keep around for lemonade. Just something I wanted to share. Thanks for ruining everything for Me. And I. Also, another thought the other day in the car. Have E either of you just said no when one of you asked for a commercial break. No. Thought. It'd be funny if one of you just said, nah, We've come close. We have, haven't we? I don't know. Did it not make it into an episode? It might not have. We have. And we just edited that part out and kept going I think. Well that is from Matt McDonald, who is a software developer at Neo Cloud.


Thanks a lot, Matt. I think I was kind of disappointed to read that email originally, but whatever. I guess you gotta just live with reality, right? You've made an enemy today, If. you wanna get in touch with us and ruin our reality like Matt did. You can send all of us, including Jerry, an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web. Steffy should know.com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, everybody. Did you know Crumble offers new desserts every week? The Gourmet Bakery is on a mission to bring friends and family together over the best desserts in the world. With a rotating menu, you'll find a delightful mix of desserts that keep things fresh and delicious. Picture scrumptious cookies and light fluffy cakes that bring smiles to everyone. With a new menu debuting every Monday, there's always a flavor that everyone will love. Download the Crumble app today and make every dessert moment a celebration with those who matter most.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that Could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody, there's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.