
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any field experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring Academy Award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax. April 11th,


Happy Saturday. Hi everybody. Chuck here. We're gonna go back in time today with this selection to February 7th, 2017, The Quinoa Revolution. Mainly because I don't remember much about this one and I have to listen to these again. So I'm gonna listen and I hope you do too. Learn everything you always wanted to know and more about quinoa right now. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast.


I'm Josh Clark. Charles w Chuck Bryant's right there. Jerry's right there. It's a little chili in here, so it's Stuff You Should Know the podcast Because it's chili. That's the cherry on top. That's right. Spoiler or not spoiler teaser. At the end of this episode, let's say between the end and before Listener mail, if that's agreeable to you At the 43 minute mark, We are going to taste Soylent for the first time. Yeah. Live on the air. Yeah. I guess I should have thought this through. I took 'em outta the fridge already. So we, I wondered about that. We got 43 minutes for it to warm up.


Should we put 'em back? Well, I wouldn't, you know, I wasn't gonna say anything then. I was gonna say something. Should I put 'em back? Well, it's probably best cold, don't you think? Okay. Well, hang on everybody. So yes, we're gonna try soil eventually in this episode. That's Right. I'm excited To try Soylent or to talk about quinoa. Both. Okay. So Chuck, you just kind of gave it away alongside the title. Sure. We're talking about quinoa today. Not quinoa. No Quinoa. That's right. But it's A super food. Yes. Some say. Yeah.


I mean, you can make a pretty good claim that it is a super food. And what is a super food, if not a type of food that has a lot going on just in and of itself. Yeah, It's super. Yeah. Like blueberries are super fruit or acai berry. Super fruit. Yeah. Or acai berries. Yeah, algae. I was, I didn't know algae was Oh yeah, I buy that. Hemp seeds. Sure. Chia seeds. Yeah. A lot of nuts. Ritz crackers. I don't know. No, those are just super Right. Super delicious And buttery. Yeah. With my crab dip especially. Oh, I'll bet. One day maybe I'll find out What You just want me to bring you crab dip.


Yeah. Give me a cooking lesson. So quinoa, there are at least 120 varieties and it is nothing new. It's been around. In fact, we might as well delve into a little history here. Yes. Let's, it's been cultivated for, geez, more than 5,000 years. I Saw up to 8,000 years. Well, that's more than 5,000. Sure. Well, I guess we could say more than five years. Right? More, more than the last six months quinoa has been around on this planet. Yeah. And it's Andan plant and specifically originated around Lake Kaka in Peru.


Yeah. In Bolivia, In the Alta Plano. Yeah. It's wonderful, wonderful area. Have you been Oh No, but just look at photos. Sure. Machu Picchu. Yeah. You're Like, Well, look at that Place. Exactly. One day maybe I'd like to go for sure. But it is, there is historical evidence of it being domesticated, like we said is maybe as long as 8,000 years ago. And they even saw in, in ancient tombs, they saw little, you know, archeological drawings and things that what they think is quinoa. Right. So people were ingesting it and using it as a superfood way back when. Yeah. And the fact that it grew up there or grows up there and not only grows, but thrives up in this high rocky, I, I think pretty much arid plateau.


That's also very cold. It doesn't make any sense that you'd have anything but like alpacas and llamas up there. But in fact, there's a, a plant that's one of the most nutritious foods on the planet that just so happens to thrive up there in Bolivia, Peru in the Highlands. That's pretty awesome. It Is. And so, of course they, they have used this for thousands and thousands of years and it wasn't, it wasn't until I think the early 20th century that it really started to make its way for the first time out to the United States. I think the USDA got their hands on it and tried to get farmers to grow it here in the States, and they said, nah, let's give it another a hundred years.


Maybe a little less. Yeah. I mean, the 21st century is when it really kind of became popular. Right. And even in the last, geez, mid two thousands, you can even talk about it being trendy. Well, supposedly the whole trend for quinoa, which by the way, in typical Stuff You Should Know, fashion has already come and gone. And now we're doing an episode on it. Oh, it's not gone. Are You sure? Oh Yeah. Okay. Well, it, do you know how quinoa hit the hit the map hit the scene? Well, in a lot of different ways. I, I assume you think it's one thing only, right? Oprah? Yeah. She had something to do with it for sure. She, she was on some sort of cleanse diet in 2008 and she ate quinoa and mushrooms, I guess.


And everybody was like, what is that? And she's like, oh, you've been calling it canoa, it's quinoa. Yeah. And they said, well, we have to try this now. Yeah. Well, well she definitely was a factor. Oprah. Her reach is wide. It is, But it doesn't reach me. Are you're not an Oprah fan? No, I think she's fine, but I, I didn't learn about quinoa from her. I see. Or, or anything else. Where'd You learn about quinoa then? Just, you know, I think the first time I had it was in a restaurant, so it's, to me it spread because chefs started using it Because they watch Oprah. Yeah, exactly. Chefs don't serve anything unless Oprah Eat it. It's patient zero. Here in the United States, you know, talked about at least 120 varieties, you're more than likely gonna be eating the red, red, white, and blue.


No red, white or black varieties of quinoa. And do you eat it in your home? I guess we'll get to this stuff, but I'm curious if you've cooked with it a lot. Not a lot, no. Had it here or there? I've had it in a couple restaurants. So This stuff is, it's known as an ancient grain, but it's not exactly a grain. And it's not exactly a cereal. It's classified technically as a pseudo cereal. Right. Like Fruity Pebbles. That's a hundred percent cereal. Baby. They just came out with Cinnamon Pebbles. Oh, I bet those are good. Yeah, you could make click cinnamon old shoes and put 'em in cereal box and it'd be good.


But Quinoa technically is a pseudo cereal. It comes from the the goose foot plant. Right. That's why it's not a cereal. Cereal is a grain that comes from a grass. Yeah. And goose foot's not a grass, it's a plant. No. And it looks kind of weedy. And as we'll see later when you're cultivating, it looks alarmingly like some other weeds. So weed. Weed, it can be tricky With a capital W Oh, it looks like marijuana A little bit from afar. Huh? That brilliant red and brilliant yellow. Is that what marijuana looks like when it's growing? I'm not sure you know what marijuana is. Huh? I'll show you a picture sometime.


Okay. Okay. It is labeled a whole grain though, because it's actually, it fits the whole grain definition because it is the whole grain seed, which you're eating. Yeah. Like when you talk about grains, usually again, you're, you're talking about these things from grasses like wheat, right? Yeah. And there's such a thing as whole grain wheat. But once we process something, once we mill it or shell It Smack it on the bottom, whatever you do to 'em, you're actually removing certain parts of the grain, right? Yeah. So with like en enriched white flour, that's, you've taken a whole wheat grain and you've removed the bran and the germ, and you've just got yourself the endosperm still.


And the endosperm is what's used mostly for to produce white flour. Yeah. And that's great. It's full of like quick, easily digestible carbs, but a lot of the nutrients are lost And actually not easily digestible for many people. That's true too. Yeah. But a lot of the nutrients are lost in the process. So even If you can digest it, no problem. You're not getting most of the nutrients that were there in the first place with a whole grain. It's got the brand, the germ and the endosperm, and they're all working together to make you vastly healthier than you would be if you're just eating the endosperm like you do in white, white flour. Yeah. And quinoa in particular is, it's really weird when you look at it, it's closer.


You wouldn't think so, but it's closer to shard and beets and spinach. Right. The plant than it is anything else. Yeah. It's Crazy. So imagine if like from spinach plants, we got not only the leaves, but the also the seeds turned out to be whole grains. It, that's what's going on. It's a weird plant. It is. It shouldn't grow where it grows. It shouldn't be a cereal, shouldn't be a grain. It shouldn't be related to beets. It shouldn't be delicious. But it is. That's right. And it's super, super good for you. Like we're saying, it's a super food. And one of the reasons, and another thing that makes it very strange is that it has a ton of protein, which is pretty unusual for a plant to have this much protein.


Yeah. This article made that point, but I wouldn't look, there's a lot of other plants that have pretty good amounts of protein in them. What rivals? Quinoa in amounts Edamame, black beans, lima beans, chickpeas, all beat it by a mile. Yeah. I just thought it was weird because not only did this article say it, I ran across it elsewhere too that they were like, this is, it's amazing how much protein it has in it. It has like a decent amount, especially for a plant. Yeah. But just not like eye popping or anything like that, you know? Geez. You think it's hyperbole? I I kind of poo-pooed that one. Okay. Yeah. What it does have, unless you think this is not true as well. Well, I'll be the judge of it. 10 at least 10 amino acids.


And that's good, right? Or is it bad too? I guess it's okay. No, it's chock full of amino acids, which is are great for your body because our body cannot make amino acids, so we have to get them from food sources. Well it, they, it can't make essential amino acids. It can make essential non-essential amino acids. But the essential ones we have to get from food and quinoa is in a very small group of plants that are complete sources of protein. Meaning that they have all of the essential amino acids that we need in them. Yes. You don't find that in plants very frequently. No.


That's what helps make it a super food. Exactly. Yeah. It's not very high in calorie, no sugar, no cholesterol, no sodium. What else? Zinc? It's got a lot of zinc. It has a lot of potassium too. Apparently it has the most potassium of any food plant that that is around. And potassium's really good at regulating blood pressure. Yeah. Because potassium's in charge of things like fluid retention and electrical conduction throughout cells. I think just compared to grains, there are plenty of other fruits with potassium. Oh, okay. Is that what it was? Yeah. Like bananas are loaded with potassium. Are they? Yeah. Or is that the work of Edward Burn?


Nice. No, bananas are really good for you. What else? Fiber, magnesium. Folate. Yeah. That's good. Gluten-free. Well, that's a big one, man. So it's very commonly touted as a gluten-free food grain, which is good for people who have celiac disease, but apparently they've tested, there's at least, what'd you say, 120? 150 varieties. One 20. Yeah. That are in like agricultural production right now. Yeah. And somebody tested a bunch of 'em and they came up with like at least four that created a celiac response. Oh really? Yeah. So you gotta be careful for the most part.


Yeah. They are gluten-free, but they, there are a few varieties out there that can touch off the old celiac response. Well, I think one of the deals though is we're not seeing those in the marketplace though, which is one of the, we will get to it, but it's one of the potential problems is we're only eating like three or four, right. Of the 120 varieties. Yeah. And I think those are for sure gluten-free. Okay. Like If you go to your grocery store, right. You're not gonna see 120 varieties of, of this stuff. I don't know, man. You know? Yeah. You're probably right. All right, well let's take a break and we're gonna get back and talk a little bit about cooking this delicious stuff.


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an bay sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anna Bay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world, and when it comes to investing, every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform. Or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studio's. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack, wrought with grief. Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe, hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring academy award winner. Rami Mallek, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee. Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax. April 11th


Stuff You Should Know stuff. So Chuck, you were going to lay it on everybody. How to cook quinoa. It's easy. If you can cook rice, you can cook quinoa. Yeah. And I would say, well, it about say easier than rice. It May, I would say it's easier than rice. It doesn't stick like rice does. Yeah, Exactly. That's probably Rice's biggest downfall. The sticky. Yeah. It's also what makes it great though, too. Sure. Depending on what kind of rice you're getting. I eat quinoa. The house, I wouldn't say a lot, but enough.


Yeah. Like every couple of weeks. Oh yeah. That's a lot. Is it? Yeah, it is to me. So what you do is you wanna rinse it. Yeah. And like you will some kinds of rice. The bag you're, you're buying is probably going to say pre rinse or pre-washed or something like that. You want to rinse it anyway, right? Yeah. They had this, it's actually really good for you. This coating called saponin. And despite its, its great health effects, when you add water to it, it lathers up like a soap. Right. And it's bitter. Yeah. And in fact it, it means it's from the Latin sapo, which is soap. So you don't want to eat it even though it's good for you.


No. The plant produces it to keep like pests away from it. From eating it. Yeah. So you rinse that stuff off, get quinoa when once you see it, it's really tiny. So you want to get a really fine strainer, not like a colander. Right. You get a colander, then all that quinoa is gonna be, Where did my quinoa go Down the drain? Man, I hate Mondays. So get like a sifter. Really fine sifter, rinse it real good until it's the water's running clear. And basically cook it like rice. It's one part quinoa, two parts water or Broth. Well that's what I do. I use chicken broth. Sure. You'd be a madman is to use like water. Yeah. And quinoa Or veggie broth if you're, you know, weird Or off the meat.


I'm just kidding. Beef broth, if you're gross. That doesn't pair well with quinoa. I could see it. Not, I'm just not a big beef broth guy. I love, I might have said beef you Did With a TH. Yeah, It was kind of cute. Beef Broth. Beef broth Bar. But I use chicken. I use like half. So if I do the two cups of water, I'll do one cup water, one cup chicken broth. Oh, you cut your chicken broth. Yeah. I just kind of do half and half. I gotcha. You stomp on it. Yeah. So then you cook it like rice. Like I said, you're gonna boil it and then once it gets to a boil covered up, turn it down low and wait and let it simmer until it's all soaked up.


Easy. Yeah. And then this article, I'm not as acquainted with cooking quinoa as you are, but this article says that you wanna look for the spirals, the seed spirals to be prominent. What's the deal with that? You'll see when you look at it, like before you cook it, it looks different than afterward. Okay. And that's the easiest way to say it. Like once you look, it's almost like they pop open or something and it, it's just quite obvious. It's just big and light and fluffy. And you see the little seed spiral. What's Neat is, and we kind of walked past it, but you said it a couple of times, that that sein is good for you. Really good for you. Yeah. It has some amazing properties. Like it's anti-tumor. Yeah. Anti ulcer, anti-inflammatory.


Yeah. And so you have to imagine like again, that this plant is growing in this random place where plants aren't really supposed to grow and it thrives there and it's full of all these nutrients. And the outer coating is a anti-inflammatory anti-tumor agent. Yeah. That you watch away. Yeah. It's kind of sad. Well, you could save it, sip on it later. I wonder what would happen. Like how would you have to ingest it you think? Like would it have any anti-inflammatory properties If you like drank sapping, do you think? Or do you need to like inject it into your eye? I don't know. Or mix it into a sve, Maybe Rub on your skin. Yeah. I'm not sure.


That's a good question. I bet people know. We'll hear about that Up in Bolivia. They know. So you can eat it in a variety of ways. You can just eat it as a side dish like you would with rice or couscous or whatever. Mashed potatoes. Yeah. Although I would eat the mashed potatoes. You could mix it with mashed potatoes. Right? No, I wouldn't do that One. One thing that the author of this article, I think it's a Leah Hoyt, she said that she likes to mix it in instead of breadcrumbs into like meatballs or burgers. Sure. Why not? Yeah. Good quinoa burger. Yeah. So is there such a thing as a quinoa burger that's just quinoa? Could you make that or do you need something to bind it?


I think you probably need binding agents or beef. Yeah, beef broths or, I don't know. I've never made a quinoa burger and I, I don't make any kind of veggie burger by like in my home. Oh really? So I wouldn't really know how to go about that. What do you do? Turkey burgers or? I do Turkey. Turkey burgers are pretty good depending on the brand. Some are just like, what is this texture? Yeah. I mean, I make 'em myself with my own little recipe. Oh. But that's just 'cause Emily doesn't eat beef. Beef. So I've gotten so into the Turkey burger that Yeah. I don't even really, I mean I'll like, I'll have a beef burger out. Right. Never at home. You and I are simpatico on the home burger cooking tip.


Yeah. Yeah. Do you grill or do you skill it? Foreman and grill. Oh Yeah. It's pretty great. That's a buzz mark. Just sit there and like in half watch you watch that grease strip out of the front. And I've noticed many times, like I will, you're doing the same thing. Be zoned out drooling grease outta my mouth. So here's my favorite quinoa dish and I got it from a restaurant in New York that I can't remember, but there are all kinds of variations, but I have it, I cook it and then put it in the fridge and chill it like overnight. Okay. So in the summer I will get that cold quinoa and then dice up like some cucumber and some red onion.


Okay. And I mean, kind of anything you want like that fits a salad, summer salad. Okay. Like orange pepper, like crunchy green pepper or roasted red pepper. Oh yeah, That's good. Garlic. Throw some pine nuts in there. I Wish there were summer right now, like you Get some basil, some fresh herbs. That's the way to go, man. Yeah. Like anything that strikes your fancy, maybe a little lemon juice, a little apple cider vinegar. But the base of it is quinoa. Yeah. And you just mix up anything that you kinda, you know, might add some texture like that crunch and, and serve it alongside like a burger instead of fries. Oh yeah. And it's really, really good. Sounds nice. And you know me, I'm not, I'm not into healthy foods like that a lot.


Right. Which means it's good, Which means it's really good. Tastes good. Yeah. And packs with protein, don't forget. That's right. And it's a complete source of protein. So that's my, or maybe some dried cranberry or golden raisins. I'm not big on that kinda stuff in the salad. Oh yeah. I know a lot of people like it, not me. Yeah. No, I don't love the golden raisins, but I do like the cranberry. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's nice. All right. So that's Chuck's recipe of the week. That was pretty good. We'll do that every week no matter what the topic is. What are you gonna come up with for the tartar? Oh, just you. Wait, so here's the deal with quinoa, it's gotten really trendy. So in 2007, the United States was importing 7.3 million pounds of quinoa.


Right. 2012. They were imported 57 million pounds. And who God knows what it is this year, You know, a lot of that was the direct result of a single person of Oprah. Of what? Of Oprah? Yeah. It all comes down to Oprah. No, there is this dude, he was a un development worker from Bolivia who'd moved to California and he had obviously grown up at least familiar with quinoa, if not eating quinoa. His name was Sergio Nunez di Code. And he, he saw that quinoa was starting to catch on a little bit. I guess he saw that episode of Oprah.


Yeah. So he went back to Bolivia and he found that there were only a few indigenous producers who were putting out like retail sized bags of quinoa. Yeah. So he went around and he basically created a co-op out of all the indigenous farmers who create, who grow quinoa and Bolivia and made the supply from them reliable enough and big enough to, to supply industry abroad around the world. This guy, almo basically was the flashpoint for the quinoa explosion. He helped it happen. Yeah. And he made sure that it was based on the work of the people who were originally cultivating quinoa.


Right. Yeah. Which is a big one. Yeah. He went from, in 2005, he sold $25,000 worth through his company. And these days he's selling about $26 million worth annually from his own facility and about 40 million from other facilities. Yeah. So he basically went around to them and said, Hey, these weekend farmer's markets are cute, but how would you like to be a part of the industrial food supply? Yeah. You put down that pan flute, we're talking business here. Did they play the pan flute? Yeah. Those Andy and Highlanders, they love that. They love that junk. Is that where Za Fear is from? No, I think Za Fear is, I think he's Mediterranean.


I Wanted to say Greek. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Okay. I don't know if I'm getting and Yani confused though. Oh yeah, maybe we are They, they seem like they probably at least go bowling together. Yani didn't play the pan flu though, did he? No. No. Okay. Sam Fear is definitely master of the pan flu. Well, of Course you can't call yourself that on a CD unless Oprah has said so. Right. And it has the stamp of approval. So the price has really gone up too as a result. And it was not small for a lot of years. One metric ton was about $500 and in 2010, that was $1,300. So that's almost threefold. And, and again, that was six years. Seven, almost seven years ago.


Yeah. It kept going up too. I think it peaked in 2012. Really? Yeah. It was it, the price went up quite a bit. So you would think that's great. These farmers are making a ton of money now, right? Yes. Apparently. I don't know where it started, but somebody created some, I, I guess somebody wrote an article or started digging around and they said, Hey everybody, you guys are eating all this quinoa. Guess what you did? You drove up prices so much that the very indigenous people who have been cultivating this for thousands of years can't afford it anymore. So stuck on that hipster. Right? Like the people of Fiji are exporting Fiji water, but they're all don't have clean drinking water themselves.


Right. That kind of same thing. Right. It's Basically an American pastime to take hipsters down a peg, isn't it? Is it? It Seems like it. Anything hipsters, like everybody goes to a lot of trouble to dig around and find what's wrong with It. Yeah. Like the one thing. Yeah. They can trace back. There's gotta be blood on the hands somewhere. Right. Alright, well let's take a break. We'll talk a little bit about what this all means and whether or not that's even true. Right after this.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids spill, pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-Free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world, and when it comes to investing, every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack. WR with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe, hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.


What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine is your sock drawer? Yeah. You heard that, right? It's time to ditch any mismatched tired pairs and refresh your collection with some fresh bombas. Yeah. Are you ready to unlock your new running hobby? Well, bombas engineers blister fighting, sweat wicking athletic socks that will help you go from that first mile to a whole marathon. That's right. Or these are the ones I like. They're, they're nice socks. If you're looking for a nice pair to wear to a wedding, bombass dress socks are made for loafers heels and all your other fancy shoes because you gotta stay comfy on that dance floor. Yeah. And the best part of all this, for every comfy pair you purchase, Bombas donates another comfy pair to someone facing homelessness and Bombas is going international. You can enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombas.com/s yk and use code SY sk for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/sys K code SY sk for 20% off your first purchase Stuff You Should Know.


Stuff You Should Know. All right. So if it's being produced in the Andes and prices are going up, you would think that at some point people in the United States might try and take a stab at it. And that's exactly what happened and is happening. And you sent this great article is Quinoa, California Farmers knew Kale. Mm. 'cause kale had a similar explosion in popularity, you know, over the past few years. Kale's so hot Right now. Yeah. I think kale is out now. Yeah. Or at least made fun of. I think that for being too hipster and hot. Yeah.


I think the hipsters kind of chewed that up and spit it out literally. But it's still great. I know people just, I hate all that stuff. Yeah. You know, really. Yeah. Just like what's trending and what's not and what we think is cool, let's write about it. Right. And I read this really interesting article, I think it was a Mother Jones writer, like a Mother Jones ag writer who basically said like, Hey dudes, all of this stuff that you know is suddenly like the hot new superfood. Yeah. It's niche food marketing. It's the same thing as like Oreos coming out with a new flavor every like couple months that you gotta go try or something like that. Yeah. Like you're just a sheep for kale.


But, but Yeah. But but geared toward people who don't eat junk food. But it's the same exact thing. Yeah. So don't be a chump. Yeah. Or at least don't get on your high horse about the other stuff. Right. Being mass marketed Stuff or, or being eaten by idiots and SAPs and simple tins. Right. So the thing is, the thing that made it even even worse though, was the idea that the, the huge demand and the expanded market for quinoa that was largely found in the United States was directly responsible for pricing indigenous farmers who were growing that quinoa out of it. Right. So they weren't even eating. It was the problem Is well supposedly.


Right. And what they found was that one, they, they couldn't afford it. They'd been priced out. Yeah. Or they were making the decision to where yeah, they're making more money now, but they would rather sell all their quinoa and buy less expensive, less nutrient dense food. Right. For their families. Yeah. So the, the very people producing quinoa were not only couldn't afford it, they also were being malnourished as a result of this quinoa explosion. Right. So it was a big deal. It made a lot of people second guess it feel pretty bad about themselves. And I also guarantee it had a, a negative impact on the quinoa market as well.


Sure. Which would directly affect the farmers. But what you dug up though on this NPRs the salt, I guess blog, their food blog, The salt. Yeah. There was a story about it attached to it as well. It was pretty eyeopening. Yeah. These dudes got together and they were trying to get to kind of the root of all this. And so they got a data source, E-N-A-H-O, it's the National Survey of Peru that they carry out every year about just Peruvian households and all kinds of stuff, data that they're collecting. But one of 'em is food and there are 22,000 randomly selected households. So they got 10 years worth of this data covering from before the quinoa boom.


A few years before through the quinoa boom. So they could kind of do a good comparison. Right. And they split the households into three groups, those who grow and eat quinoa, those who eat it but don't grow it. And those who neither grow it nor eat it, They say blah. Yeah. I guess there's the final household is people that pronounce it Quin, there's like one household in Peru. Right. It's like, what is this stuff? Yeah. And they all three showed a clear rise in their welfare, which they measured as a total value of goods consumed as that price of quinoa rose. And apparently that reflected in the increased living standards in Peru as a whole too.


Right. So at the height of that boom, the welfare of the growers increased more rapidly than the other two groups though. Right. Which you would, you know that makes sense. Yeah. And so you can, they, they basically tracked a direct correlation between the quinoa boom around the world and a rise in the household welfare of quinoa farmers back in Peru. Yeah. So they conclusively proved pretty much that there, there was no, that these farmers weren't too poor to afford quinoa, but the other one was still left standing. Right. Right. The idea that they were selling all their, all their quinoa, but then they were still malnourished because they were buying less nutritionally dense food.


Yeah. And that apparently they managed to disprove as well. Yeah. At least that's what they're saying in this paper. I mean, we're not saying this is 100% evidence, but at least this is what they dug out after pouring over these 10 years worth of of studies. Right. They said, this guy Andrew Stevens, a doctoral candidate focused on specifically the Puno region in the Andes, which grows about 80% of all the quinoa in Peru. And he said, this is a, it's a cultural and nutritionally important food, but it's not. I think the gist was people are trying to make it out to be like this is what they subsist on every day and they can't afford to eat it.


Right. And he said this is actually a pretty small part of their diet overall and they're actually eating more quinoa than ever before. Yeah. In that region that grows the most. That was pretty surprising. So it said they did not come cut back their consumption between 2004 and 2012 despite a fourfold price increase. They've seen no signs of change in calories, proteins, or carbohydrates in the diet across Peru as a whole. Right. So they kind of debunked It. Yeah. Pretty cool. Hipsters Rejoice It, they, they shall rejoice, but there's still some outstanding problems. Right? Sure. So like you said, it was a, you said that guy mentioned it was a culturally important food.


So much so that Bolivia in its drafted 2009 constitution, ens shrine, quinoa as part of their food sovereignty, which is their right to protect culturally important food. Yeah. Like, hey, you're coming in here and you're basically taking this and now you're gonna grow it all over the world. Right. And they recognized the importance of quinoa for a very long time. There was apparently a Colorado re researcher who went to Bolivia in 1986 and was shot dead trying to smuggle quinoa seeds out of the country. Yeah. And a guess somebody from Colorado eventually got 'em out because Colorado State University patented a hybrid quinoa in 1994 based on bivian seeds and the government of Bolivia called them bio pirates.


Whoa. Yeah. That's not something you want leveled at you. No. Not by Bolivia. The other thing too, and I think you sent me this, was that because there's more, basically there's sort of a land grab going on. Yeah. This, This is where I was going In Peru, where all of a sudden they realized that, you know, before when it wasn't worth that much money, they, I mean sure they were producing it, But it wasn't like it is now. So all these people are saying, wait, this, this land that was once unused, like, is anyone claiming it? And there's sort of a rush to claim these lands. Well, there was And fighting going on. Yeah. There was violence that broke out in February of, I think 2015, maybe four, sorry, 2014 where one guy got his arm blown off by dynamite.


Yeah. During this battle among hundreds of farmers for some land that had been sitting there abandoned for like decades. And part of the problem is, is when you're doing good agricultural practices, what did we talk about? No-till farming in. Oh man. I was thinking that too. I can't remember. Well we've definitely talked a lot about that. Yeah. And when you're using good agricultural practices, one of the main things you wanna do is let fields life fallow for a year or season at a time. Yeah. And they're not doing that anymore in the Andes. And again, this is really, really fragile cropland that they're growing this stuff in. So they're not letting it lay fallow any longer.


And they're also using llamas less. Yeah. And llamas and quinoa go together like rice and beans, which by the way is another complete protein food, but it's not just a single food. So you can't call it a super food. Yeah. Yeah. Man. What was that episode? I don't know. It's totally on the tip of my tongue. We Talked a lot about no-till, no-till farming. I can't remember. I wanna say it had something to do with the Dust Bowl, but we didn't do one on the Dust Bowl Yet. We did. We did one on the dust bowl and desertification. Maybe it was the Dust Bowl was, yeah. Good one. Yeah. So the llamas, that's one of the big issues, right? Is that they're not letting them poop everywhere.


Well they're not, they're not llama farming like they used to llamas use a lot of grazing land and they're like, we can use that instead to grow quinoa Because quinoa is more valuable than llamas. Right. But llamas again and quinoa go together like rice and beans. Right. And llama poop is almost like it's designed or tailored to fertilize quinoa. They started to use sheep poop instead, I guess imported sheep poop. And it allows a lot more pests and invasive weeds than llama poop does Right. When llama poop is fertilizing. So the whole ecosystem is definitely being Altered.


Yeah, yeah. And not necessarily in good ways because of this huge demand and this huge influx of cash. It's basically more money, more problems. Yeah. The, the alto planos people are finding out it's So weird, or not weird, but kind of sad that you can't, you know, it can't just be a success story Nevers, You know, Gotta have the good with the bad I guess In the long run. They're also worried that I was talking about all those different varieties I saw the 120, But it says here there could be up to thousands of different varieties. Yeah. And farmers are abandoning most of these to concentrate on the ones that they can sell to, you know, ship out to export to American markets.


Right. Or I guess just, you know, not just America. I think Europe has eaten the stuff like crazy too. Are they? Yeah. But it says that those varieties are, this guy says that they're the future of quinoa because they can adapt to things like climate change. Yeah. And If you narrow the varieties down to a certain few and they don't adapt, then you're kind of screwed. Yeah. You're SOL, If you have 3000 to choose from to try to adapt to, to changing climate, then yeah. You're way better off. So crop diversity is pretty important, but yeah, that's getting erased as well. Yeah. Well they're trying to encourage it with these Andy and farmers, at least they are working with Bolivia and Peru to develop internal markets for these threatened varieties like with school food programs and stuff.


Yeah. Like not necessarily to sell but to use like within the country at hospitals and schools. Right. They said they've been fairly successful with some of that stuff. So hopefully that continues. See That to me that's what government subsidies are for stuff like that. For like small indigenous farmers who are protecting a thousand year old varieties of crops Yeah. That are part of the cultural fabric of a, a country. Yeah. And for the future for all. Sure. They are growing in California though, that article you sent, this dude is growing it in In the Sonoran desert Crazy in the Imperial Valley below sea level in like one of the hottest places in North America.


Yeah. They're growing quinoa. Yeah. And Well, part of the problem is quinoa is very closely related. I think it's in the same genus as something called lamb's quarters. Yeah. That's the weed, Which doesn't really matter up in the alto Plano, but in California lamb's quarters is a toxic, toxic plant to livestock, which might accidentally graze on it. Yeah. 'cause they're not thinking about that kind of stuff. And then it also carries a virus that kills alfalfa, which is very much grown in California to feed that livestock, man. So there's, it's a, it's weird. It's a complex, amazing plant that shouldn't exist.


Quinoa. Yeah. Maybe that'll be the title. Quinoa colon complex. More complex than you think. Oh, that's a good one. Or maybe it should say, well, nevermind, I'll figure that out. You got, Or should we just brainstorm some more on let's, let's show titles. Let's, let's do it. Are we gonna try the Soylent? Yes. Let's, And then do listener mail. Yeah, Let's do that. Alright. So here we are. We're gonna try this. Yeah. Soylent, is it a white bottle? We caught a lot of flack about not having tried it and still done something. I'm like, well, here We go Then. I'm not iridescent, but I've done an episode on iridescent.


Gimme a break. People. I think you should probably shake Well, right? I think so. I don't know. We gotta go back and listen to the episode again. It's been a While. People also thought that that was a sponsored episode by Soylent and I was like, I think we said enough bad things about the taste that Yeah. You should have figured out that it was not. All right, Here we go. So this is us trying Soylent for, we also wanna say thanks again to Don Kent for sending this in. It smells like a Oh, that's a nice kind of a nice smell. What Does that smell like? Smells like cereal milk. We got that a lot. A lot of people said it smelled like, or it tastes like Cheerios milk. That's Totally what it smells like. Can We say Cheerios or is this an episode for Cheerios now?


All right, I'm gonna, you should we do it at the same time? Two one. I thought we were chugging the whole thing. No. Oh, that's, that's not bad. It it is. It's not bad at all. A hundred percent Cheerio cereal milk. Yeah. I think I'm, I would've come up with that even if somebody hadn't said it. It's good. Yeah. I mean it's sort of bland. It's not Oh it's definitely bland. It's not nearly as sweet. It's not like a honey nut cheerio milk. No, that's true. Or cinnamon toast crunch milk. That's Not bad. I was dreading this. I thought it was gonna be awful from all the comments, but that's not bad at all. I like it. I can see how you would kind of start to crave it.


'cause it's got that like almost a fatty mouth feel to it, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like It really gets on the tongue, huh. All right. Well there it is. I should probably stop. It's pretty, it's got a lot of calories in it. Yeah. I mean that's 20% If you daily nutrition. Well, Thanks again to Don Kent. Thanks again to everybody who wrongly called us out for doing an ad for Soylent. The Aftertaste is a little bit like milk of magnesia. I'm not getting that Like my Lana. Yeah, No, I know what you mean. Kind Of chalky. I don't have that. Hmm. Oh, If you wanna know more about sot go listen to soil lamp sub in the meantime. If you wanna know more about quinoa, type that word.


Q-U-I-N-O-A into the search bar@howstuffworks.com. And since I said search bar, it's time for more soil. I mean it's time for listener mail. All right, I'm gonna call. Yeah, I definitely don't like the aftertaste. It sounded sort of chalking up on my throat and tongue. I kind of like this stuff. I like food more, but that's not bad. Sure. Like I, if somebody said Should I drink soil it? I'd say why not? Alright. I'm gonna call this just a nice email from this lovely Australian woman. Hey guys, it's been a long time listener. First time writer. Currently living in Sydney, Australia though I grew up in Tennessee and now I'm a Florida resident All over the place.


Wow. So maybe she's not Australian. I've been listening to y'all, y'all since I was in college at UTK Go Vals. And I even brought you along with me while spending a year living in France. If you do end up reading this on the air, which I don't expect, I would be so thrilled If you give a shout out to my little sister LB currently in Portland. Alright, what's up lb? She just used a little reverse psychology on you there. Yeah, she did. Anytime we make a road trip, we put on Stuff You Should Know which insights a groan from her every time. It's the chit chat that bugs her. We just gave her a shout out. Yeah, well she's not, she's not the only person to feel that way.


Alright. To get to the point, I was listening to the dictator's episode and was so excited to hear you talking about Lucius Cornelius Suah. In fact, that's my grandmother's maiden name. We pronounce it Ella, but whoever knows if that's the true pronunciation. Her family is from southern Italy and immigrated from Naples about a hundred years ago. She recently went on a trip to Italy and studied up on her ancestor suah and even visited a lot of the sites and scribed with his name. That's pretty cool. It's amazing to see a piece of your family history show up on your favorite podcast, even if it is about dictators. Gave me a chuckle. Thanks for keeping me entertained. Just recently caught up to all the episodes on iTunes.


I know, I know. There are much more. Yeah. On your many more on your website. Wow. She is a listener, huh? She Is. And that's Sarah right now in Sydnee. Thanks A lot Sarah. Appreciate that. So wait, is she from Australia or she's just living in Australia now? I think she's just living there. Okay, got it. If you want to let us know about your world travels and all that jazz like Sarah did, you can send us an email to the stuff podcast@housestuffforce.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed s with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.