
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash, and that can help you fund to home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 800 the number four rocket, or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC, licensed in 50 states in mls, consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Look around everyone. Every car you see is probably on Autotrader, like that sleek convertible that turned heads when it picked you up from the airport or the custom ride from your favorite van life. Couple on social media. Even that vintage sports car that's tailing you a little too closely. New cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, okay, no flying cars yet, but as soon as those things get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. That's kind of their thing. Autotrader, I screamer the you screamer. We all screamer for How Ice Cream Works.


The great episode, celebrating the best dessert treat in all honesty, I mean, it's just nothing better than ice cream. This is from February 5th, 2015. I don't eat ice cream much anymore because it disagrees with my body. But boy, every now and then I get one of those pints. Get a little chubby. Hubby, If you can find it, throw it down your throat and suffer the consequences. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w. Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry.


So this is Stuff You Should Know the dreaming of Summer in the middle of Winter edition. Oh, my friend. Ice cream is a year-round treat for me. Yeah, Sure. Unfortunately. I know I had some last Night. Oh yeah. What'd you have? We're gonna buzz market it a lot. Probably Rocky Road and Vividly Vanilla. What brand is that? Kroger. Oh yeah. Yeah. They were delicious. Nice. Yeah. Was it heavy or light? It was light, yeah. Yeah. After reading this, I was like, man, this is very light. A Lot of air in there. I taught myself to juggle with them. Oh, Well that's Exciting. That was a cross reference. Yeah. I'm, I'm been in Jerry's guy. Well, yeah, it's great stuff.


Yeah. Can't have too much of it though. 'cause I got the, the lactose issues. Really? Yeah. And ice cream is your favorite treat. Yeah. That's pretty sad. That's stuff that's self-hate. Yeah. Ice cream followed by a large glass of milk. Right? No, just kidding. Then You just inject a bunch of Cains directly. Yeah. Into your neck. Yeah. I mean, if just fall over, it's not like, I don't have lactose issues such that any kind of milk product really. It's just, if I overdose on it. Huh? Like if I have a, a bunch of like pizza and ice cream or something. What do they call it? Like mildly sensitive Maybe. Maybe Mildly intolerant. Yeah. I get the poopy Butt. Like, like you're, you're cool with like lactose at work, but you don't want lactose marrying your, your kid.


You're that kind of intolerant to lactose. Right. Exactly. Terrible. You just don't want it living next door to me. Right. I, I can, I can get a, I can do a pint of ice cream though. And, or is it the half pint? The, the Ben and Jerry's Little one? I think it's a pint. Is a pint. The little. Yeah. Not, not the little baby one That's just like a, A fistful. I'm not, I'm not seven. Yeah. Right. I think it's a pint is what they sell me. Yeah. I can do a pint of like the chubby hubby. That's my old favorite. That's a good one. Well, basically any Ben and Jerry's is good. I'm not a big fan of cherries and stuff. Ooh, me neither. But other than that, I'm like pretty cool with, with all ice cream. And I used to not like bananas and things, but now I'm like, I'm cool with bananas.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like bananas and ice cream. I would never have eaten before and now I will. I'm Pretty picky with my ice cream flavors. I'm trying to think of one I really don't like and nothing's coming to mind except for stuff with Cherry in it. Yeah. I don't like mint Crazy. I don't like coconut. Crazy. My favorite is the chubby hubby. And then they have, you know, have the limited runs. Yeah. They have one out now called Candy Bar Pie. Candy Bar Pie. Like what kind of Candy Bar is it modeled after? It's Ridonculous. I don't know. It's got Noot in it. It doesn't taste like a specific candy bar though. It's not like they're trying to be like a Snickers ice cream sneakily. It just tastes, it's just delicious.


Nice. I love try that. I like Butterfinger and ice cream. Yeah. What about, so like places to get ice cream? Jenny's is delicious. Where Is that? They have it here on the west side over by Star Provisions. Okay. And they got a new one in, or in Kra Street Market. There's a place in Old Town Alexandria outside of dc. Oh yeah. I called Pops. It's like an old timey ice cream parlor. Awesome. I Think I went in there actually last summer. Awesome. But It did not, did they have like candy and all that stuff? Or is it just an ice cream shop? It's pretty much just ice cream. Oh, okay. There's like a couple of like long cases. They've got like the old like turn of the last century.


Like furniture and everything. Yeah. And the striped wallpaper. Sure. So like they're doing it right. Yeah. But then their ice cream stands behind it too. Hmm. It's good. And then of course friend's. Yeah. Friend's has the Reese's piece of sundae, which is probably the greatest ice cream treat ever created in the history of humanity. Yeah. Growing up in Atlanta, they had something called Ferals, which was, I remember Ferrells. Oh, did they have those? They had that in Ohio too. And on your birthday they'd come out with that big drum. Oh yeah. Scare me to death. Yeah. I went under the table a couple of Times, just like old school ice cream parlor. Scaring the bejesus out of children everywhere. Now they had a lot of candy selection too. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Let's just talk about, let's just not even do this.


Let's just talk about ice cream. We love, I like this flavor. I like this flavor. Everyone's starving right now for it though. I guarantee it with that intro. I have one more though. Have you ever been to the Plaza Fiesta, I think is what it's called over on Beaufort Highway? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Okay. They had, they have a gelato place there. Ooh. That had tuna flavored gelato. Ah. Raw tuna flavored gelato. And by God it tasted exactly like raw tuna flavor. I thought You were gonna say it was good. It, it wasn't bad. Really. Like Yeah, If you, If you eat like Simi or something like that, I love sashimi. You would appreciate this. It's not something you're like, oh man, I've gotta get some tuna flavored gelato.


But Right. You're not like, it's not like one bite and you spit it out. Yeah. Yeah. You're just like, this is really odd. Interesting. Unusually tasty. I'll have To try that. Yeah. My other quickly, my other thing I like lately is little heat in the ice cream. Like some of them that have a little cayenne in the chocolate or Oh yeah. Or with cinnamon or something too. Yeah. That and some salted caramel. I'm so over salted caramel or bacon and sweetness. I'm just so sick of that combination. Really. Yeah. It's all basically a ripoff of Wendy's fries and a frosty dip together. Mm. That's Good Too. That's fine. That's the original. That one. Like the original salty sweet. No improvement.


Yeah. Alright, well I'm salivating now. I Am as well. Let's get through this. We can go get some ice cream. Okay. Yay. You're buying. Okay, so the history of ice cream, Chuck. Yeah. Where Find could I possibly have been around? Where'd you find this, by the way? We need to give a good shout. Was that the Dairy Association? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. The, I think the International Dairy Association. The, the big guy, Not the Regional Dairy Association. No. They came up with this, this kind of, this history of ice cream or dairy, frozen dairy treats. Right. Is a better way to put it. 'cause ice cream is the lion's share of frozen dairy treats. But technically it falls under the umbrella of frozen dairy treats Along with things like sherbet and gelato and frozen yogurt.


Right. They're ice cream sandwiches. Yeah. Novelties. Exactly. Those Are good too. Well my friend, it goes back, they say as far as second century bc but they can't pinpoint like a definite person or place for sure. Right. They just know that it started popping up in history. Like with Alexander the Great, he had flavored ice and snow with honey and nectar. Yeah. Snow cone. Yeah. And that, that makes sense that that would be the origin of ice cream. It makes me laugh in this thing. They said that Nero and Claudia Caesar would frequently send runners to the mountains for snow. Right. That just seems like a very Roman emperor thing to do. Like, I'd like something cold and sweet go.


Right. And like three hours later they'd come back, you know, half dead. Yeah. Here is your ice snow cone. Exactly. But they would flavor those with fruits and juices. And that was sort of another part of the beginning of ice cream. Apparently all this is going on in a vacuum too. Like over in Asia. In different places. Yeah. In the, in the Mid East and Asia. Wherever they had mountains in these areas and they could get snow and ice because Marco Polo and I think the 13th century came back to Italy and said, check this idea out. Yeah. Frozen fruit treats. And that was basically the origin of ice cream in the West.


Yeah. In in England they were big on what they called cream ice. Yep. Because England, they gotta say it slightly funny or they would probably call it proper. Right. You know, there's a e at the end of cream, Is there? No, no. But there probably was there. There would be. And Catherine d Medici, who we mentioned in the episode. Oh, Nostradamus Nostradamus episode. Yeah, that's right. She was big on it. She was the wife of Henry the Second. And back then though it was, you know, in the 15 hundreds, in the 16th century, it was only like royalty because ice was Yeah.


You know, they didn't have freezers and they didn't have ice machines. You needed a guy to go run up to the mountain and bring it down. Exactly. Yeah. No, it was a big deal to have ice. Unless of course it was winter, in which case you were like, oh yeah, I can have a frozen treat. But if it were summer Yeah. And you were enjoying a frozen dairy treat, It's in the runner. You're rich. You're super rich. So apparently by about the 17th century, there was at least one cafe in Paris, I think it was the first cafe in Paris that started selling ice cream to the public in 1660. Nice. They, they basically made it egalitarian. And from that point on, ice cream was a definite luxury item, but it, you didn't have to be royalty to obtain it.


Yeah, that's a good way of saying it. Yeah. And the United States, the first time they found it in print was in a letter in 1744 by a guest of the governor of Maryland, William Bladen or Bladon. And there was an ad in 1777 May 12th, the New York Gazette for ice cream. So it was for sure for sale to the people back then. Right. By that time. Yeah. George Washington had a recipe. Thomas Jefferson had a recipe. Yeah. Dolly Madison used to like to serve it at the White House. George Washington ate a lot of it. Right. Didn't he say $200 for one summer? Yeah. And I failed to go to the west egg currency converter.


That's a lot of, I imagine that's a lot of money. Yeah. But he may, you know, he had guests and he may have shared it with his Oh, I would hope So. His staff, you never know, Especially if that's like $50,000 worth of ice cream. That would be a lot. You can't eat that in one summer. Even if you're Joey Chestnut world record holder for the most ice cream eating. Is he? Yeah. How much did he eat? Do you know? 1.8 gallons in six minutes. 1.8 gallons in six minutes. That doesn't seem like that much. Oh, That's a lot. Yeah. That's pretty speedy. Yeah, it is. But hey, that's why he's Joey Chestnut. Plus, don't forget the brain freeze. Oh yeah. Man. Do you have a thing on that brain freeze? No, I've done a Don't be dumb on it though. Before.


Do you remember what it is? Like what is brain freeze? Yeah. Oh, what is brain freeze? Yeah. Oh, there's a, there's a, a blood vessel that runs from your brain into the roof of your mouth. Ah. That becomes constricted. Which changes the volume of your brain, which gives you a headache. Gotcha. Which is why If you place your tongue against the roof of your mouth while you have brain freeze, that warms up that that blood vessel allowing it to relax again. Oh. Or just light a match and hold that under your roof Of your mouth. That's another way to go. Yeah. You'll concentrate on that pain instead of the brain freeze.


Interesting. I don't get brain freeze. 'cause I think as an adult, you know how not to wolf it down like that. I've gotten it accidentally though, as an adult from time to time. Really? Yeah. No good. No, it's terrible. It's as terrible as an adult as it is when you're a child. It's probably worse as an adult. It's Just debilitating, you know? Yeah. It's so painful. So like you said, until around 1800, it was mostly for, for the upper class. But then like everything else in industry in America, around that time, manufacturing became more widespread and cheaper. And all of a sudden you had warehouses that were big freezers and you had shipping, you could ship things cold and frozen.


Right. So you had like the manufacturing aspect in place. Yeah. Homogenizer machines, electric power. Right. Mechanical refrigeration basically. But even still, you had, you had the manufacturing in place. The distribution though, was still limited to say like a store. Sure. Somebody who could make money by investing in some freezer cases and then selling it to the public. Yeah. It wasn't until ice boxes became widespread in, in America that the ice cream industry really blew up because then you could sell to the guy down at pop's. Yeah. You could also sell to pop's next door neighbor who took it home. That's right. To keep in his freezer And thank god that happened. Yeah.


And, and actually, as far as making ice cream that the, you know, the hand crank Oh yeah. Ice cream maker that used like rock salt and all that stuff. Sure. That was invented by a woman named Nancy Johnson in the 1850s, I think. Yeah. And she patented it and apparently everybody ripped her off. She sold the patent for like 200 bucks and the guy who bought it from her turned around and like made a fortune off of it. But I guess he ultimately got ripped off by a bunch of copycats. But that, that same thing is still in use today. Like you can go buy the Johnson crank that same Yeah. The Johnson crank ice cream maker and make your own ice cream.


The 1850s way. Well you mentioned take home ice cream being a big deal as far as it spreading. I do have a little modern stat. Oh yes. At least from a few years ago. That is still the biggest part of the market. 67% of the overall market is take home ice cream. Well, I saw that 87% of Americans have ice cream in their freezer right now. Yeah. I, I don't, I can't. It doesn't stick around. No. Like, you know, if you're gonna get a pint, you might as well just plow through it and be done with it. Right. And then get some a few weeks later. You're not a quitter. No. And I don't, I can't just keep like a gallon of ice cream in the house. That's Oh, That's, that's a bad move.


That's a bad move for me. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bad move for everybody. Well, no. Some people have willpower. Yeah. I guess you're right. You're one of them. I don't keep a gallon of ice cream in my house. Yeah, But you got willpower to a large degree I think. Yeah. Well you're the guy who quit smoking by just saying I'm not gonna smoke anymore. Yeah, that's True. You know? Yeah. I guess I do have a degree of willpower, But I do not. So we're now in the 19th century and late 18 hundreds. Right. And the professional soda jerk at soda fountain shops pops up and they make things called like root beer floats and coke floats and soda floats. Right. Which I haven't had one in a long time. I used to love root beer floats. Yeah.


But I don't know why. It just, it's not something I see very much anymore. Well, You have to, to make it all. Well, you have to go to the trouble of putting it together Yourself. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You don't see floats very often anymore. I'm sure there's some places that sell 'em, but I, they were good though. Oh Yeah, man. Root beer and ice cream is a winning combination. Yeah. I mean, I haven't had one since I was a kid. Probably Coke Works too. Yeah. Coke floats good too. Root beer floats are the thing Though. I think you're right. And then this was for me, the fact of the show. I did not know about this religious criticism back then. They didn't like you eating things that were so rich and like a gluttonous, I guess I thought it was sinful. Yeah. Well, Yeah. On Sundays. That is.


And so in response, they took out the, the carbonated water or the root beer or whatever and made a sundae. And that's what called it a Sunday originally. But apparently they were like, are you mocking us? And the Soda Jerks Union said No. No. And they changed the spelling from S-U-N-D-A-Y to S-U-N-D-A-E. 'cause they were mocking them, right? Yes. And they were like, this was their act of retribution changing the spelling of Sunday. And the other cool thing too was during World War ii, apparently it was, the armed forces were all trying to out step one another in providing ice cream to the troops in new and exciting ways. 'cause it was such a morale booster, of course. To get ice cream when you're at war.


Right. You know, a little taste of home. And I think that was it the Navy that had the ship? Yeah. The world's first floating ice cream parlor. That's Awesome. In the Western Pacific. Well, even before that, in World War I, ice cream was deemed an essential food. And so ice cream manufacturers got rations of sugar so they could keep making ice cream during the war, even though everything else is being rationed. Yeah. And Ed points out that during the depression, everything kind of slowed down. That was a non-essential, including ice cream. But it never went away. And through the years it's, it's pretty much gained in popularity. I think in the seventies is when you started to see a little more health conscious efforts.


Yeah. Like the frozen yogurts and the like Froyo. Froyo. Right. Emily loves the froyo. It's good Stuff. Like the new stuff that's really like from the Greek yogurt, you know? Oh yeah. It's tangy changes Everything. Not like, I think this can't be yogurt growing up, was that even yogurt that was just like soft serve ice cream, wasn't it? Is it this campy? I thought it was the country's best yogurt. TCBY. We heard it was this can't be yogurt. Huh. Maybe it was different. I wonder It had to be the same. Yeah. TCBY. Yeah. No. TCBY was great. I don't know what it was. I think it's still around. It had to be yogurt 'cause they couldn't call it that. But it wasn't, definitely not the tangy No. Stuff that you see like at Pinkberry and stuff like that.


Oh, It's so good. Yeah. I'm not the hugest fan. I Love that stuff. Each bite is just like, it's just a trip through a flowery meadow. Every bite of Really? Yes. Love. You get the vanilla and add your stuff to it. Or I get the, the regular, like the Yeah. It, yeah. Just the, I guess plain version. Yeah. And then you throw in a little mango, some blueberries. Oh look at you. The white yogurt chips on top. That's a good combination. Or If you want to go a different route, there's like, you know, a chocolate crunch and maybe some other kind of chocolatey, delicious treat on top. And I want some ice cream so bad.


Alright, Well we'll get, we'll get to the science of ice cream, which is decidedly less yummy sounding right after these messages.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's Right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anate sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Annaa brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid. Simply slide right off. Designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's Right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com. Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket mortgage servicing date.


So buddy, you said that all of that stuff is frozen dairy treats. Right. But not necessarily ice cream because there's a definition. Correct? Yes. So ice cream is a colloid, right? Yeah. Which is a, an unusual and complex substance. And actually quicksand is a colloid. It's a colloidal gel. Yeah. Technically I remember that. But ice cream is a colloid. And a colloid is a substance where you have things that don't normally mix that are mixed together. Right. And in this case you have fat and sugar and milk mixed together with a little bit of air thrown in.


And what you need to create a colloid is something called an emulsifier. That's the bonding agent that holds everything together. These things that don't normally mix. And in the earliest cases, egg yolks were the emulsifier that held everything together. And of course, if you're making ice cream at home, you can still use egg yolks as an emulsifier. It's an easy go-to thing. But if you're manufacturing it on a large scale, you're probably using something like Xanthin gum or something else. Sure. To emulsify and stabilize the whole thing to hold it together. But yes, ice cream specifically is a colloid that is undergone a very specific manufacturing process. And If you take or add different ingredients or different steps in the process Yeah.


Then you have something different like frozen yogurt. Sure. Or sauce serve ice cream or sherbert. Yeah. Because frozen yogurt isn't just yogurt that they freeze, which I never knew. It's actually during the ice cream making process, they'll put in the, the yogurt cultures to make it frozen yogurt. Yeah. You don't start with yogurt, you make yogurt during. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that either. Pretty cool. Agreed. Which is why every time I just throw the yogurt in the freezer, it doesn't taste anything like I want It to taste. It's really cold yogurt. You know, it's gross. Yeah. The USDA actually has a ingredient standard for it to be labeled ice cream, which has to, it has to be at least 10% milk fat. Mm.


And a minimum of 6% non-fat milk solids Like Cains And a gallon has to weigh 4.5 pounds. I think that's neat. Yeah, sure. Because As we learn, the federal government can't get its act together on anything. But it can define ice cream. Yeah. And the reason they have the minimum or the Yeah. The minimum poundage is because as we mentioned earlier, lighter ice cream is generally cheaper because it's means there's, it's just more air whipped in there. Right. And that's why a Ben and Jerry's pin is like a brick in your stomach. Yeah. And the ster who wrote this points out that that's usually a general rule of thumb that the heavier the ice cream, the higher quality it is.


Yeah. But he points out, to be fair, you need to compare like types. Sure. Like you can't compare something that's loaded down with like brownies and Snickers. Right. With like a plain vanilla. Yeah. Because you know, the brownies and Snickers are gonna add weight and throw off your judgment. That's right. In more ways than one. Yeah. So milk fat, there is a, a range of milk fat you can use premium ice creams max out at about 16% at the most, but generally they're about 14%. And ice cream in general is a minimum of about 10%. And butterfat, which is another name for it, Delicious Sounds so great.


Both Of 'em sound great. Butterfat makes it taste good and it makes it creamier and richer. But it's interesting that they found that 16% is about as high as you want to go though. It's not like, oh, just make it 50%. 'cause that'd be even better. You just vomit after every bite. Well, You would, and people they point out, or Ed points out, you wouldn't, people wouldn't eat as much. Right. Because it is so rich and it is so calorie rich as well. And so they found that perfect combination of enough to make you plow through that pint and want to get another one the next night. Yeah. About 14 to 16%. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds pretty good when you're talking butter fat. 10% for the cheap stuff that like Ned Flanders would eat, You know?


Yeah, totally. So like I said, ice cream is a colo and it's created by adding egg yolk to milk fat and sugar. And I think that's a custard If you use the egg yolk. Right? I think you use more egg yolk. Yeah. 1.4% at least. Something like that. I thought it was higher than That. Yeah. Frozen custard is at least 1.4% egg yolk solids. Okay. So, so They're even, that's even worse for you. Right? So that's just like, well not necessarily well Cholesterol wise Sure. But the, the, the ice cream itself is specifically a, a just this combination of different types of ingredients with other agents that hold the whole thing together, that's put through this process.


Right. So when you have your sugar, when you have your cream Yeah. Your milk and you have your eggs or whatever you're gonna use as a stabilizer or emulsifier Sure. You put the whole thing together and what you have right there is an ice cream mix. Yeah. And no matter whether you're making it at home or If you just bought a factory or inherited it from your rich uncle who just died Uncle Ben and left it to you. Yeah. Then you're going to be following pretty much the same process, using virtually the same ingredients. Yeah. I've got an ice cream machine, which when I looked at the process of making ice cream, it's pretty much what goes on in this little thing.


Right. Like, you freeze the canister, which I found out the hard way. That's how you do it. Right. Because I was like, man, it's not getting solid. Oh, no way. You did it without freezing the canisters. Yeah. I Had no idea. Like you just used it at room temperature. At room temperature and it just, How long did you try that for? Oh, it spun for quite a while. Yeah. Before I realized what was going on. We luckily figured that out from the get go, made some pretty killer lemon gelato once. Yeah. So you freeze the thing and then it's, the canister actually spins and they have a like a blade in there. Right. That disrupts, it introduces the air bubbles, which is key Yeah. To making ice cream nice and rich and creamy. And it also is acts as a scraper to keep ice from forming, which is exactly what happens in big factories.


It's pretty much the same process. Right. Or if you're using the hand crank thing, that's what you just said, The Johnson crank. Right. Yeah. What you just said listed off all of the necessary components to making ice cream. You've got something that's cooling it. Yeah. That, whether that little drum that you put in the freezer or you have ammonia filled tubes that are freezing a tube that your mix is in. Yeah. So you've got that right. Yeah. You have, And the ammonia tubes we should point out, there's no ammonia. It's just making the tube cold. Right. The ammonia's not being introduced to the ice cream. Not at all. It's just Yeah. The tube is up against the tube that the ice cream is in.


That's right. Or If you are making it at home using a johnson crank, you're gonna use rock salt. Right. That's right. So I was kind of, I, I didn't understand what the point of using rock salt was. So I looked into it. Yeah. We Covered a little bit within the salt episode, but not like super in depth. Okay. So basically the reason that you would add rock salt to ice is because If you just used ice, the freezing point of ice is 32 degrees Fahrenheit. Yeah. It takes more than that or more degrees than that. Let me put it a different way. More temperature milk freezes at a lower temperature than ice. Yes. Right. So when you add salt, you actually lower the freezing point of that ice.


Oh, okay. Because when you're using ice, it's a fresh water mixture. Yeah. Salt water, ice has a lower freezing temperature. Yeah. So you're melting it and it's melting and refreezing. And as the ice melts, the way that it's melting is by drawing heat from something else. In this case your ice cream mixture. Right. Right. So when you add salt, it has to draw more heat to melt because it has a lower freezing point. Freezing temperature. Yeah. So that's why you add salt. It actually lowers the freezing point, which allows you to, to cool your ice cream faster. Ah, right. Makes sense. So it it, it lowers the freezing point. Yeah. So milk has a lower freezing point and it makes the, it draws the heat out more quickly so those ice crystals don't form on the side.


Just that simple little thing is the magic that makes it happen. Yeah. Yeah. We had a electric ice cream maker growing up that was the same as the Johnson crank version. Right. But you just plug it in. Yeah. Not like the new one that I have today, which is much different. Right. Which you definitely plug in. Yeah, definitely plug in and you gotta freeze that thing. Apparently. That's so funny. But my church, one of my favorite memories growing up is my church would have ice cream socials where everybody would bring their own homemade ice creams and there would just be a table with like 30 of those steel containers. You know, the people just take it right outta the old, you know, ice rock salt bin. Right. And just set it on the table.


Right. And you would just go berserk. You know, as a child We had a, a johnson crank Yeah, yeah. Growing up And you probably had to do it right. 'cause the parents are always like, that's the fun part. I don't, I I'm sure I did. Yeah. I don't really remember. I just remember the wooden bucket thing with the crank on top. Yeah, that's what I remember. And like a bag of rock salt. That's Right. Man. Saw that. But we also used for the driveway too. Oh sure. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. We didn't in, in Atlanta. But I remember when I saw that rock salt come out, it was a special evening Yes. At the Bryant house. Yeah. Oh yeah. So I mentioned the, the little paddle, it's called a dasher, which is the blade inside the tube. And this is If you're an ice cream factory, and like we said, it whips it up, introducing those air bubbles and that's what gives it the structure.


And like I said, also prevents the ice crystals, larger ice crystals from forming. 'cause you don't want that. No. You want it cold, but you don't want ice. And we should say by this time, you, you've got your ice cream mixture, but you've already added whatever flavor you're gonna add. Right. But If you're adding chunks of stuff, which you should, you're not doing that quite yet. No. So you're freezing it. What you've, what you've just created is a frozen ice cream mixture. Yeah. It's not technically USDA standard ice cream yet. If you stopped right here and even If you added the Snickers or the brownies or whatever, or both, what you would have is soft serve ice cream. Yeah. The ice cream still has another step to go through to become regular old ice cream.


And that's the hardening process. Yeah. The hard freeze. Yeah. And that's basically all it is, is you take that soft serve and you have to get it down super low at least to zero degrees Fahrenheit. But when you're in an ice cream factory, you're gonna pump it down even lower because you're gonna be shipping it and packaging it and that you want it to stay nice and hard Right. Throughout that whole process. Yeah. And yeah. And that, that's how you do it. That's pretty much it. That's Pretty much making ice cream. It's, it's a great, great thing that everyone should try Making ice cream. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Well actually that's funny that you say that because whether you have a hand crank or one of those awesome electric ones that you are, that you have to freeze the drum ahead of time.


You, you can also just make it at home with like, basically nothing. Yeah. Just using a, a couple of bags baggies. Yeah. Like a bigger baggie, a smaller baggie. And make a little rock salt mixture. And Well, I, I won't go through the whole recipe, but If you go to how stuff works and look up How Ice Cream Works, there is a recipe for five minute ice cream that makes just a little bit using nothing but plastic bags and the ice cream ingredients. Yeah. And I don't think we mentioned that it's pasteurized along the way too. Oh, that's a one. Which is important step. That's big one. Yeah. Pasteurization keeps you from getting salmonella. Yes. And if you're making your own mix at home, you can even do that yourself with a double boiler. So we'll talk a little bit about just how much everybody loves ice cream right after this.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids fill pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain-resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet-friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's Right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home Equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket Mortgage servicing date.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


All right buddy. We will finish this out with some stats and the like, but first we should talk about overrun because that's an important part of ice cream because when you're making ice cream, the, there's gonna be an increase in volume as you go because you're whipping all that air into it. Yeah. And that increase is called overrun. Right. And it's indicated by a percentage. Yeah. So if you're, if the volume goes from one gallon of ice cream mixture to a completed one and a half gallons of ice cream. Yeah. It's a 50% overrun, Which is good. But what the, the pros shoot for like our friends at Bluebell with the great, great commercials.


Yeah. They do make fantastic ice cream. They, yeah, it is really good. So If you are a professional ice creamier, you might have as much as a hundred percent overrun, but the premium ice creams are more dense so they have less overrun. Right. Which is why they're heavier. Yes. But you can also get into a, a situation where your ice cream is dense because you're not using much stabilizer or emulsifier. So that's not good. No. Because it makes your ice cream chewy. Oh no. So just really dense ice cream is not necessarily the best thing. Right. You want a mixture between the two of somewhat dense, but not totally dense, but not super light ice cream.


There's a, there's a balance that you want to achieve. Yeah. 'cause the air, like we said, is what gives it the structure that you appreciate and you know it's familiar. Right. You get some chewy ice cream, that's no good. No, no. And Chuck, we were remiss in not mentioning ice cream cones. Yeah. I'm not a cone guy, are you? Yes. Oh Really? Oh yeah. So when you go to, like, you go out, you get it in the cone every time? No, just sometimes. Yes. Do you get the waffle cone Like sugar? If I get a a cone, I like, I like it all except to the, the, I don't know what they call the non-sugar cone ones. You Know, the cheap styrofoam type? Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely the lowest on my list.


But that one's fine. But yes, I guess it does go waffle sugar cheap cone. Okay. As far as order of preference goes. Right. Sure. But no waffle cone obviously that like just adds to the whole thing smelling like fresh made waffle cones. Yeah. Being made while you're ordering ice cream. Really? I always get the cup. Always. That should I always do just for like, just to be healthier Yeah. While I'm eating ice cream. Well, No, but I mean that's a decision. Yeah, for sure. You know, but it is preferable in a waffle cone. I think they're delicious. I Might, I might start getting a cone every now and then. So there's a, there's an origin story to the waffle cone and a lot of people place it at the 1904 World's Fair in St.


Louis. That's right. And that is probably not where ice cream cones were invented, but that is where they were popularized. Yeah. I mean if you're at a world's Fair, there's gonna be some waffling going on, some waffle making. There definitely was some waffles being made, but there was also some ice cream being served that's documented. That's right. And the story goes that the ice cream makers ran outta plates or bowls or whatever they usually use and they turned to the waffle makers who said, Hey, we can help you out for a fee. Yeah. Let's turn these things into some sort of cone. And bam, that's what happened. But it turns out that the person who actually invented the ice cream cone was an Italian immigrant to America named it.


Please go ahead. You mean Itani, right? Yeah. And he also invented the ice cream a for ice. Nice. I think he was the first one to coin that term. He Was into ice cream big time. Yeah. But he actually filed a patent for the cone making machine A full year ahead of the fair. Yeah. So they, he generally gets credited with the invention of the ice cream cone. Although just because you patent the machine doesn't necessarily mean that you were the first person who thought of the cone. No. Supposedly there's French cookbooks that date back to the 1840s that have recipes for ice cream cones. Oh really? Yeah. Well and we also didn't mention Jacob Fusel. We'd probably need to mention that guy.


'cause he was the first, he opened the first wholesale manufacturing operation in the United States in Baltimore. And he like some of the greatest success stories in business sort of got into it by accident because he was just a dairy guy. Right. Who had too much cream and was like, well I guess I can try this ice cream thing out. And before you knew it, he was selling more ice cream than he was anything else? Yes. Good for him. Good for us. Good for, that's true. Good for all of us. So If you wanna become like a Jacob Fusel type, you can actually go, depending on where you are in the country to your local major university and they may or may not, depending on the size of their dairy program.


Yeah. Offer like a real ice cream course. Yeah. Penn State is known for one, correct? Yeah. Wisconsin has one. Oh, of course. Actually Penn State graduated Ben and Jerry back in 1977. Really? Yep. In Ice Creamery? Yes. Ah, I thought you were gonna say like no they were architects. No. One of 'em tried to get into med school. He graduated and couldn't afford med school. Yeah. The other one just dropped outta college. But both of 'em went together to Penn State's ice cream course and graduated. Oh cool. Well I saw, I went to their website to look at some of their facts and they, I think they said they started their initial business business with like $4,000.


I saw 12. Oh 12 grand. Yeah. Well either way that's cheap. I know. You know It is. I do have some other stats though. Lay 'em on us, Chuck. Yeah. It's been a while since we've had a stat run. The majority of us ice cream and frozen dessert manufacturers have been in business for more than 50 years and many are still family owned. So this is why you see like the blue bells and stuff like that. Right. You know, there's not a lot of upstarts like, you know, like extreme ice cream. Right. Made with Mountain Dew Code red. Oh God. US dairy approximates and this was a few years ago. 20 quartz per capita.


What? The, the US eats every year. No produced. Oh wow. Yeah. They produce 20 quartz per capita. What's interesting though is the United States isn't the leader in ice cream consumption. Did you know that? Who is New Zealand? No way. Yeah. New Zealand Per capita I guess obviously. Yeah, well yes. Yeah. So the average New Zealander eats seven and a half gallons of ice cream a year. Wow. Americans eat five and a half gallons, huh? Yeah. Apparently Asia, the Caribbean and Mexico and Latin America all import ice cream as well to a large degree. And the most popular flavor is still vanilla. Which I had to explain to Emily was a real flavor.


She thinks it's an absence of all flavors. Like white light. Like white. Yeah. I was like, no, vanilla's a thing. Yeah. And some people love it. Vanilla's still Good. She thinks it's a waste of calories to eat. Anything that's just plain vanilla. There are really good vanillas out there that you're just like, this is, this is all that's needed. Oh yeah, I agree. Like super creamy, like vanilla bean, yummy. Yeah. And then chocolate chip mint and cookies and cream followed as the next most popular. I'm surprised plain chocolate is not on the list. I saw a GrubHub survey. They did most popular ice cream flavors by flavor ordered and vanilla was number one. Wow. That's surprised.


But green tea was number two. Hmm. And I, I was thinking about it and it's probably because like at a Japanese restaurant Yeah. You don't really have any other options besides Oh sure. You know green tea. Yeah. I've never had the green tea ice cream. Is it good? Oh my God. Yeah. Really? Yeah dude, I don't eat dessert in restaurants. It's so good. Yeah. I'm gonna have to start eating This dessert. If you go to a good Japanese restaurant, they bring it out whether you ask for it or not. Oh really? It's part of the meal and it'll be like green tea or red bean. Yeah. Is another one too. Yeah, that's a pretty good ice cream. But green tea definitely has it destroyed. That Sounds delicious. Yes it is.


I'm hungry. Yeah. So If you wanna know more about ice cream and to get this awesome, really easy five minute ice cream recipe, go to how stuff works.com and type ice cream in the search bar. And since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this first of two scientific method emails. So you're gonna hear one here and then one in the next one. Awesome. 'cause these are great. We, I was super proud of that one and we got a lot of kudos from scientists, which is always nice. Hey guys, my name is Danny. I'm 23 and recently graduated with a degree in astronomy and physics. Now work at an aerospace company in LA on a space mission concept called the Star Shade.


Where you Go, Danny, I know the Star Shade is a really awesome piece of tech that allows, will allow us to image planets around other stars and ultimately search for life outside of our solar system. I'm writing because I was just listening to the podcast on the scientific method and as someone whose job regularly involves the scientific method, I wanna express my appreciation for you guys recording such a great discussion on the subject. It's extremely important to give the public the opportunity to learn about science. I think that your podcast is a great vehicle by which this is achieved. So thanks. I remember once in the show you guys let it slip that you get a few hundred emails a week. So statistically speaking, I'm twice as likely to become a millionaire than to get my email read on the show.


I Saw that and I felt like he was baiting us. Oh, He totally was. And it worked. But in the case that some miracle happens and you do read it, I'd love If you could plug the astrophysics blog, my friends and I have. It's called Astrophysics Unleashed and Can be Found online@astrophysicsunleashed.tumblr.com. And it's a place where we seek to expose the beauty hidden within astronomy and modern science. It's a great place for the inquiring mind to find food for thought or to ask questions. So that is from Danny and he said I wanted to shout out to Jerry, JERI, but was afraid I'd spell her name wrong. Hopefully that is right. Tell her that I have no idea what she's like at all, but I'd be willing to bet that she's really cool.


That is nice, man. Usually people have like a, a better chance of getting struck by lightning than spelling Jerry's name correctly. But he nailed it Well, and here's a spoiler. The other scientist said the exact same thing about spelling her name wrong and he spelled it right. Wow. So how about that, man? Scientists are Smart. If you wanna get in touch with us, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com and you can Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelly Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wanna keep your personal number private, but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two in any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified.


Hi, it's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey, not the end. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.