
With no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast and with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's banking reimagined? What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


The 24 Toyota Tacoma and Tundra both rank in the top 10 for resale value among all vehicles for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota truck and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year, ride after ride. That's Toyota Resale value. Visit buy a toyota.com to find out more Vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Chuck here. Hope everyone's doing well on this lovely Saturday. I gotta say, if you've been sitting around for two weeks wondering what the other seven wonders of the ancient world are. Well, that is some serious patience, my friends. So here it is. Part two. Continuing from two weeks ago, How the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World work. Welcome to Stuff You. Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant. And there's guest producer Noel again.


And that makes this Stuff You Should Know part two. That's right. Did you ever see Hot Shots part two, the sequel? No. You know, I didn't see a lot of those movies at all, except for the airplane movies and the naked gun movies, The hot shots movies were worth seeing. Did not see those. Did not see any of the scary movies. Oh, the Scary Movies. You haven't seen those? Nope. All of them are good. Like every single one of those are good. Really? Yeah. I did record a movie crush yesterday with for the movie Scream though. Oh, yeah. With who? Nate Bartzi comedian.


Sure. So we, it was interesting that I had to do Scream Research and like that movie changed, like horror movies were on their last legs. Yes. They were. Not to say that. And something else might not have come along, but it was scream that like revitalized a genre. Yep. That's pretty cool. Yeah, It was kind of a watershed movie. Did we talk about that in the horror movies that changed the, the genre episode? Did we? I'm pretty sure we had to of Boy, if we didn't, we missed out. Well, If we didn't, we probably just said and obviously scream. we don't even need to mention that. Well, it launched the Scream Franchise. It launched the scary movie franchise in a way. Oh yeah. And relaunched a genre.


Yeah. So scary movies. We're seeing Hot Shots is worth seeing. Naked guns we're seeing Of course. Although I would put either one of the hot shots up against the third Naked gun any day of the week. That's, that's, that's my bookie over The third Naked Gun. Yeah. Okay. That's fair. Yeah. And then don't get me started on, what was it like the godson? The what? The godson. I don't know what that Is. It was like a Godfather spoof. That was what Leslie Nielsen was in with Dom DeLuise. I, I haven't even seen more than Holy Cow. Five minutes of it. I don't even know what that is. And you stumped me. Oh, good. Thank you. Well, that's a good start to this episode.


Don't you think? You're welcome. Thank, you so Chuck. Yes, we're moving on. We've already talked about the Great Pyramids at cfu. We talked about the hanging gardens of Babylon and the Temple of Artemis at Aphesis. Right. All three of them Top, top notch. Yeah. And If, you don't know what we're talking about now. And this is your first episode of Stuff You. Should Know. Ever. This is the second of a two part episode. There you go. On the seven ancient, seven Wonders of the Ancient World. And here's part two, Right. And we're gonna start with the statue of Zeus at Olympia.


Yeah. You have to say it like that. There's no other way to say it. That's how, well, who's the guy's name? The, the boxing guy. That guy, I don't know his name. Yeah. He Used to stand at the statue of Zeus and say that Right. On an hourly basis. Yep. That's pretty, pretty amazing stuff. So this one is one of my favorites, but not my favorite. I promise that my favorite was in here, but this is not quite it. Okay. Although it's close, because you know, this, this is, this is the main deal here. Olympia Zeus, he's, this is now run of the mill guide in some cast off city.


No, it was the site of the first Olympics. So it was pretty important city. Very Important. It was, it was nowhere near Mount Olympus though, curiously. But it was pretty, pretty important, right? Yes. This one to me is the most ho-hum of them all. Oh yeah. I'm not quite sure why, but I am just kind of like whatever about it. All right, well let the temple, let's talk about the template first. Okay. And also, I should warn you that this article has the proportions wildly incorrect. Oh, the how tall it was? Yeah. Alright. What, what is it for real? This thing, this article says it was 210 feet tall. That's a 20 story building. Yeah. The Tempo was not, it's tall as a 20 story building.


It was 68 feet tall. How did they get it that wrong? I don't know. I just don't know. It's staggering. It's as staggering as this temple would've been, had it been 200 feet tall. And it doesn't even say it was somewhere between 68 and 210 feet. Right. That's weird. Oh, that's annoying. Everything Else is right about it though. Okay. So it was 68 feet tall. Still pretty impressive. Sure. For the time. Well, yeah, But I, I would have to say if somebody If, you were driving through Dunwoody and you saw a 68 foot tall temple Yeah. You, you would probably still be impressed even though somebody just built it.


So I think it's still impressive even today. Yes. So the temple's fairly impressive, but inside we're talking about the statue. Mainly the Greek artists. PHUs was commissioned And I. Imagine these artists were paid pretty handsomely for these jobs. Yeah. Because, you know, there was only a few of them who were capable of doing this at the time. Yeah. I mean, there are only a few people in the world that could do this now. Right. On something of this scale. True. So they said, Hey, Zeus is the man, we want a statue of Zeus. And he said, yeah, I can knock that out. It's four 50 bc shouldn't take me too long. Eight years later he was finished. Right.


And he used some really weird materials. Right. So, so the temple itself, it was like a standard temple, 68 feet tall. Like all of 'em were a bunch of columns, that kind of thing. But the statue inside is apparently what was the big draw. And one of the reasons why it was something to see was because PHUs used ivory. Yeah. And gold rather than marble, which is, it was pretty much what you used to make a statue back at that time. And they think one of the reasons why he used e or not Ebony, but ivory and gold was Right. But the reason why they thought that was because he, he, he was building a statue to Zeus.


Right. Yeah. So you needed, it needed to be special. This is like the king of the gods. Yeah. And ivory was definitely something that people would travel to see a statue made of ivory of Zeus. Yeah. So basically Zeus is sitting down in this statue and he's sitting just straight up, he's not like, like, you know how the Lincoln, Lincoln and his memorial's kind of chilling in his seat? Zeus is not chilling. He's sitting up ready for action. Yeah. He is like, what'd you say? What'd you say? Kind of the statue itself was about 50 feet high, which is super impressive. Like when you see a, a rendering of what someone looked like standing at the base of this thing, it's really pretty striking.


And one of the things they said about it was that if he stood up, he would've, his head would've burst through the roof of the, of the temple. Yeah. Which was probably pretty cool to see too. I would, If he was sitting down at 50 feet. Right. Totally would have. Right. He would've just been like sous smash. So he's holding in one hand a statue of Nike. So it's a statue holding a statue. And Nike was a wing goddess. A victory. Right. Yeah. So it's kind of like his version of Tinkerbell hanging out in his hand. Yeah. And then the other hand, he is holding a scepter, which is pretty appropriate for the king of the gods. Sure.


And again, he is seated on this throne and yeah. If, you, If you look at artists rendering of them. We should say here, most of this stuff, by the time these lists were written were already aged. And then they, they've crumbled over time. So we actually don't know exactly what they looked like. Some people saw 'em firsthand. But a lot of this, this information comes from secondhand sources or even further down the chain than that. Yeah. So we're not exactly certain of what they, they, they looked like, but for most of these, because they were so widely regarded as seven wonders of the ancient world, that you have to see that enough people wrote about 'em, talked about 'em, that If, you really spent some time you could put these sources together and come up with probably an accurate description of, of what it looked like.


Yeah, for sure. And the, and the remarkable thing about this one is apparently was the expression on Zeus's face. Not only is he sitting straight up ready for action, he, he just had this look on his face. It was kind of intimidating. I guess you could say You've disappointed me and your mother. That's what it said. And the legend has it And I don't buy this at all. But PHUs said that once I'm finished with this thing, he asked for Jesus's blessing on the sculpture. And a bolt of lightning struck the temple at that very moment. Right. I don't believe it. No, no. As a matter of fact, If, you do believe that. Right. In So we can tell you that you're wrong.


So there were a couple of issues with this, this statue, number one, it was built a couple hundred years, a few hundred years before Christianity began and then started to spread in the area. Once that happened, the, the worshipers of Zeus, who still remained, said, we need to get this outta here, these Christians, they don't play around. They're gonna get rid of this thing. Right. And they moved the statue at Constantinople and it stayed there safe for a while, actually, apparently housed in a palace. But one of the things about the statue was it was made of gold and ivory, but those things were overlaid on top of a wooden sculpture.


Yeah. Which it's kind of like, it's pretty slack tus, maybe you should have stuck with the marble. Maybe, But it it, the palace in Constantinople caught fire. Yeah, that's a problem. 'cause marble doesn't burn, does it? No. No it doesn't. Yeah. So it would've survived. But he cheaped out, let's be honest. Yeah. He he phoned this one in. Yeah. And they were right to have moved that thing. 'cause the Christians did come in and take care of business, shut down that temple in 3 91 ad but by that time the statue was gone at least, but yeah. Burned in a fire. So earthquakes and fires are taking out all of the wonders, Earthquakes, fires and Christians.


Yeah. The, the great levelers. Pretty much. So back in, I think in 1950, this guy, and again, like this stuff just sat in, in the realm of legend for a long time. Although I think the, I think the ruins of the temple itself are still around, aren't they? Mm. That I'm not sure. I think they might be. I've, I, I like, over the last two days, I've seen so many pictures I have too of ancient temple ruins that I'm like, which wait, which one is that? Yeah. It's hard to tell. Brain mush. Right. I think this one may still be around in Olympia, the ruins of the temple. Like you can still make out a couple of steps leading up to it, that kind of thing.


And there's like the posts of a couple pillars or whatever. But they, they found in 1950 the workshop that PHUs used beside the temple, and apparently were able to recreate using the molds that they found, probably what the statue looked like. Which is pretty impressive. Just working from old molds. Yeah. Not only that, but these were on coins, right? Oh yeah, that's right. That's the other One. Yeah. They were on Greek coins. So this isn't one where you really had to guess so much what it looked like, because on those coins, there is a lot of detail about what it looked like. And because coins, you know, they were originated there to where they ended up eventually would give a little indication on how far people had traveled to come see this thing when they carried those coins back.


Yeah. It made me wonder like, were those coins currency or were they like souvenirs, like If, you go to Dollywood or Kennedy Space Center or something like that and get a coin made. Yeah, I didn't think about that. I wonder because I mean, this was an age where there were, were tourists and they were already selling the replicas of the temple of Artemis as tourist mementos. I wonder if these coins were that too. Yeah. Pretty, pretty neat to think about. Ancient tourists. Should we take a break? Yeah. Alright, I'm gonna contemplate that and we'll be back right after this.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


When you're in the market for a new truck, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily grind, navigate any terrain, and importantly haul with ease. That means you need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. Why? Because after all the hauling, towing and hard work, you want a truck that still has plenty of miles left in it and holds its value for a great trade-in deal. That's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Yep. And both the 2024 Tacoma and Tundra are projected to retain their value over five years better than most. In fact, they're both in the top 10 of all vehicles for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So remember, when you choose Toyota, you're not just buying a truck for today. You're investing in trade in value for tomorrow. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more Vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


When you think about the future, what kind of technology do you envision? Whatever the future holds, artificial intelligence will undoubtedly be at the heart of it all. Join Graham class as he hosts season two of technically speaking and Intel podcasts from Ruby Studio. In partnership with Intel, explore the future of technology that's rapidly evolving our world today. With the help of ai, there's still so much work and research needed to fully understand the power and potential of ai. And Intel is at the forefront of implementing AI and revolutionary technology that's changing the world we live in for the better. In each episode, Graham interviews the minds transforming medicine and healthcare, retail, entertainment, personal computing, and more, while pioneering new uses for AI in these spaces. Tune in every other Tuesday and explore the latest technology that's changing our world today and creating a more accessible tomorrow. Listen to technically speaking an Intel podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For so many people living with an autoimmune condition, the emotional toll is as real as the physical symptoms. Starting this may join host Martine Hackett for season three of Untold Stories Life with a severe autoimmune condition. A Ruby Studio production and partnership with Argen From myasthenia gravis or MG to chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, also known as CIDP. Untold stories, highlights the realities of navigating life with these conditions from challenges to Triumphs. This season, Martina and her guests discuss the range of emotions that accompany each stage of the journey. Whether it's the anxiety of misdiagnosis or the relief of finding support in community, nothing is off limits. And while each story is unique, the hope they inspire is shared by all. Listen to untold stories, life with a severe autoimmune condition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay, Chuck, here's, here's my second favorite. Let's hear it. This isn't your favorite, huh? Are you sure you have a favorite? I do. We're not there yet. Okay. All right. Well, this is my second favorite. The mausoleum at Hall Carass. Okay. You don't like this one? It was all right. Mausoleums. I don't know. You seen one, you've seen 'em all. Well, This is the original one. Like the word mausoleum came from this structure. Yeah. That only goes so far with me. Oh, I love that. The original thing. Yeah. I thought you, I thought you were like an etymology kinda guy. Oh, I, it can be, But just not with mausoleum. Yeah.


I don't know. There's something about mausoleums that bugged me Because there's dead people turd inside or tomb. Yeah. There's just a lot of, a lot of hubbub for a dead body. Oh, I see, I see. Yeah. That, that makes sense. You know? Yeah. I don't wanna knock it though. Well, okay, we'll just stop right here then. If You're, if you're King Malu, you, you deserve to, to have this named after you. I would say that. Especially if you're married to your sister and she's madly in love with you and you've just died. Yeah, that was a little weird. He was the Persian king of Aria, and he was indeed married to his sister Art Artemesia. Yeah.


And she really, really was in love with her brother. Yep. And husband. And he was, from what I understand, he seemed like a pretty successful ruler. Yeah. They, they had the mausoleum under construction while he was still alive. And he died while before it was finished, obviously. But his sister, artemesia sister wife, artemesia, was so broken up by it. She said, all right, stop, stop what you're doing. This is not good enough. This has to be the most amazing memorial anyone's ever made to their husband, brother. I've gotta, I've gotta get in touch with all of the greatest sculptors of the realm.


And she did. She got in touch with at least five of the greatest sculptors alive at the time. And they were headed by a guy named Pitus, who not only was one of the sculptors, he was the over overseeing architect of the entire project. Yeah. So like, he architected the whole thing, and then she got a one sculptor per side to embellish the outside Scopus Xi Xis, Leo Cha Olay, And Timothy. That one's easy. That one is easy. And this one has often been called because she had all these, all these different people working on it.


And not only that, but I think for years afterward, it, it became a place where artists could exhibit and showcase their work. So in the end, this thing ended up being, I think, not as coherent as what you would think something might be when you just hire one person to work on it For this episode. And the last one, I went to the site UN Museum. Have you ever heard of it? Yeah, I Think so. They were very helpful in researching this. And one of the things, the way they put it was that, so during construction, artemesia died before it was completed. And the five sculptors who were running the show looked at each other and they're like, let's keep going.


Yeah. We could stop here and leave it unfinished. But it became Artists Don't do that Though. Well, no, no, not true ones. It became a temple, a monument, not just to Ma and Artemesia who were in Tombed inside, but it became a monument to art as well. Yeah. That was the, Yeah, we can do whatever you want now, guys. Right. And they did so, so they went ahead and they completed it, and it was a pretty impressive structure. Yeah. The structure itself was about 140 feet tall, is that right? Yes, I believe so. That's a relief. Yeah. The base was about a hundred feet, 24 steps tall. Yeah. And then on either side of the steps flanking the steps were crouched lions.


Yeah. Which is pretty cool. It's always cool Around the outside of the second, the second tier where you would walk into on all four corners, there were soldiers mounted on horseback sculptures of them protecting the place. Yeah. Yeah. What else? Pliny the elder said, this thing is 440 feet and the perimeter, this thing is 440 feet. So it was large 36 columns. It, it's a, it was a big structure. Very impressive. I didn't get, from the pictures that I saw of renderings, it didn't look too busy to me.


No. I'm not sure. I, the only place I saw that kind of shade being thrown at it was in this house stuff works article. Yeah. I mean, I know that there were different people working on it, but it didn't look like I expected when I saw it, it to look like a big mess and it did not look like a big mess. No. It looked pretty neat and tidy. Right. Yeah. So one of the things that I love about this thing, so again, artemesia and maus are entombed inside this thing, but it's also like just a place you would go, you know, take a date or something on a Sunday afternoon in the city of Hellis Helic heli carass. Right. One of the, one of the cool things about this is that this structure stood for hundreds and hundreds of years after the city of HEA carus fell to ruin around it.


Yeah. That is so cool. Just the imagining this abandoned, ruined town. And in the middle of it is this 140 foot tall mausoleum, the world's first mausoleum with all these ornate sculptures around it, that it's just almost completely outta context with its surroundings now that the town is falling to ruin. Yeah. That Is pretty cool for sure. But like all these other ones, earthquakes would eventually take care of business in the 14 hundreds and shake this thing down. And, and again, like a lot of these other stories, in 1494, they used the Knights of St. John of Malta said, Hey, let's, let's take all this scrap and use it for our own castle.


Yeah. The, a city as hella carass fell to ruin another city nearby, grew up called Borum, and the ruins at hella carass, you would go to Borum today to view the ruins of hella carass. So the, the mausoleum, I should say. But the big draw apparently is the Knights of St. John's castle. And to build that castle, some of the scraps that they used were from the mausoleum. So you can still see original parts of the mausoleum, but they've been incorporated into the structure of the, the, the castle that you would view. Yeah. Which is cool. So it's still around in some way, shape, or form. Yeah, Totally. That's very cool. But that earthquake that got it in the 14 hundreds, it actually had a weird way of preserving some of it.


Right. Oh yeah. So there are three, three big things that, that keep coming up. Right. There is earthquakes that keep happening. There's people using scraps to build other cities nearby. And then there's the British Museum. Those three things figure into the seven wonders of the ancient world. Big time. Yeah. 'cause if there's a piece of it, one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, somewhere in the world outside of its original location, it's probably in the British Museum. Yeah. And that's the case with some, a few things from the, the mausoleum at hella Caras. They think that what happened was the earthquake toppled the sculpture of Maus and Artemesia riding a chariot pulled by four horses.


It was very famous that was on the top of the mausoleum, that it fell and was covered by rubble so that it was protected until it was finally excavated in the 19th century when they found huge old chariot wheel. And then they think the, the two sculptures of Artesia and Maus, and now they're all in the British Museum. Wow. But they think that earthquake had a weird way of protecting it from being looted and reused by the Knights of St. John later on. Amazing. I'm telling you, that's why it's my second favorite. Well, we're coming upon my favorite. I wondered if this was It.


the Colossus of Rhodes. That's a good way to say it too. Yeah. I like this one. This was ancient Greece, and this one was the granddaddy of them all, statue wise. This one was even bigger than the statue of Zeus at Olympia third century. And Rhodes was an island, still is an island. And Macedonians came knocking on the door and they were angry and they wanted the, the help of the people of Rhodes, because Tomi was Tomi one that is, was, was, was conquering. And they said, we need your help here. And the people of Rhodes said, Hey, we are not really, we don't want to get involved in all that.


We kinda like it here on the island living our, our peaceful lifestyle here. Well, plus if there was anybody they were allied with, it was ami. Yeah. Yeah. They, but they wanted to stay out of any wars. They just weren't into it. Right. So they rebuffed the Macedonians and they left, but they left behind a bunch of supplies and equipment. I'm not sure why they did that, actually. So the, the, this article is so bizarre, man. The, the Macedonians besieged roads for over a year. And they, they had these huge war machines that were made of like bronze and wood and, and metal.


And they would pull these huge machines up to the city walls and like, they had catapults on top and they were trying to crush the city for a year. And when the, the road, the Rodan finally overcame the Macedonians, they were like, well, we're just leaving this stuff behind. It's too big to move. It didn't work. Anyway, so we'll leave it. Yeah. That's why they left it. Huh? This this, this article puts it in a really weird way. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. So they ended up using, like selling away that stuff Right. To make the money to build in part the statue. Yeah. And they reused some of it directly for the statue. Right. To like, like that huge thing that they used to besiege the city. They pulled up to the walls. They actually used that as scaffolding to build the statue with Heck yeah.


Yeah. It's making plowers out of, I don't know, guns. So they use the sculptor cha of lindos and he said, I got this one under control. And he is all these different materials, iron, bronze, stone. And this one I'll have wrapped up Oh. In about 12 years, which is, and they said that's About right. Yeah. That's not bad for what they did here. Yeah. I mean, this thing was 110 feet tall. Yeah. It had a skeleton of iron and inside the skeleton for structure, it had huge stone columns running through it. Yeah. And, and yeah, it was like the actual statue itself was about as big as the Statue of Liberty as today and followed like a pretty similar structure, but like a thousand or so years before.


A couple thousand years before. Yeah. People think from written accounts that it was holding a torch like Lady Liberty does and that the face was modeled after Alexander the Great. Some say, and here's where it gets interesting to me is If, you look up pictures of this thing, you will likely see it standing a straddle the, the entrance to the harbor. Right. So literally standing there, like kind of with his leg spread and you would have to sail a ship between his legs to get into the harbor. You shouldn't look up Yeah. Don't look up. I imagine. Because the detail was really amazing. Very amazing. And 110 feet high.


Like, you know what you're gonna be staring at. So there are accounts and there are plenty of illustrations and other things that support this. And it looks, trust me, If, you look it up, it looks very cool. Like, you know, they were into, they were into making things this tall just because it was so mind blowing. But also they were say they were thanking their patron, God Helios, for spraying them from having to go to war. Which is pretty cool. That's one of the reasons I like this one, is they were saying like, you know what, we stayed out of war. We managed to remain at peace. We're gonna build a monument to our God who we assume helped us out.


Yeah. But when they did these things, like with most of these, I love that they were just like, eh, you know, 20 foot high statue would be great. That's impressive. Like, they would try and build things as large as humanly literally possible engineering wise at the time. I see your point. Yeah. That is pretty neat. So When you look at pictures of this straddling the, the harbor, it's just like, it's enormous. It's huge. Unfortunately that's probably not what he, how he stood. Right. That's, that's the downer here, is that they didn't really have the, the materials or the knowledge or the skill to do something like that. Like the reason that statues back then were basically straight up and down is because that you needed that, those legs to support the rest of the statue.


Yeah. And they were a, a top a pedestal that could hold the weight of the statue above it. Yeah. They would also, if the, if the, if each foot was on either side of the harbor, that's usually not the strongest solid ground you can find. No, no way. So they wouldn't have had any means of reinforcing the ground beneath it, so it would've just sunk or fallen right over. Yeah. Yeah. And plus the other thing too, Chuck, was that it would've closed the harbor down and they relied on the harbor for their economy. Yeah. So it's probably unlikely that it looked as cool as it looks in pictures. And what happened to this 1 53 years later Guess Earthquake? Yep.


53 years. That is so quick. Yeah. That, that didn't last long at All. No. So this, the thing fell And I think that it probably was located closer to the center of town. Yeah. Somewhere inland. But that when it fell, it crushed a bunch of people's houses and businesses. Yeah. And some of it probably fell into the harbor itself. That's right. And this one was notable because I think because it was so young when it fell, it, it still, it's not like they were like, oh, let's get rid of this thing. They let it lay there as a tourist attraction in its prone state for many, many years. And people would come far and wide to go visit the, the fallen statue.


Yeah. For almost a thousand years. It's crazy. Yeah. It still stayed a tourist attraction. Like apparently the cool thing to do was to try to put your arms around the thumb. Yeah. The thumb was bigger than most statues. Right. Like mo like people couldn't get their arms, they couldn't touch their hands around the thumb. Amazing. And apparently also the arms fell off pretty, pretty. They may have even fallen off first during the earthquake, but it, did you say it broke off at about the knees? Just below the knees? No. So those probably stayed for a while. But the, the, The knee, like from the knee down, yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. Which looks a little weird. Like that picture of the person who suffered spontaneous combustion, all that was left was their one leg.


I bet it looked kind of like that. But the stuff that was on the ground, like you could see into like the arm holes and apparently even that was just this breath ticking cavern. It was just such a massive structure. They were like, Have you seen in of those arm holes? Yes, I have. I've seen all the arm holes all over the world. I'm the best tourist ever. Have you tried to hug that thumb? I have a subscription to Monocle Magazine. I'm just as cool as they come. And so the final nugget on this one that I thought was pretty fun was in 6 53, these invading Arabs sold, like all the rest of these stories sold the scrap metal. They sold it to a Jewish merchant who apparently used 900 camels to take this stuff away.


Good lord. So how about that? So 900 camels or like just a few camels who had to make 900 trips total? I don't know. It said 900 camels. This is plus. I mean, if this is a Jewish merchant buying the scrap metal of the Colossus of Rhodes, he probably owned 900 camels. Gotcha. You know, man, Think of all the poop that generated around there. Well Man, It's a lot of camel poop. Alright, well let's take one more break. We'll come back and we'll finish up with the final wonder of the ancient worlds right after this.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


When you're in the market for a new truck, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily grind, navigate any terrain, and importantly haul with ease. That means you need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. Why? Because after all the hauling, towing and hard work, you want a truck that still has plenty of miles left in it and holds its value for a great trade-in deal. That's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one reell value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Yep. And both the 2024 Tacoma and Tundra are projected to retain their value over five years better than most. In fact, they're both in the top 10 of all vehicles for 2024 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So remember, when you choose Toyota, you're not just buying a truck for today. You're investing in trade-in value for tomorrow. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more Vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


When you think about the future, what kind of technology do you envision? Whatever the future holds, artificial intelligence will undoubtedly be at the heart of it all. Join Graham class as he hosts season two of technically speaking and Intel podcasts from Ruby Studio and partnership with Intel. Explore the future of technology that's rapidly evolving our world today. With the help of ai, there's still so much work and research needed to fully understand the power and potential of ai. And Intel is at the forefront of implementing AI and revolutionary technology that's changing the world we live in for the better. And each episode, Graham interviews the minds transforming medicine and healthcare, retail entertainment, personal computing, and more, while pioneering new uses for AI in these spaces. Tune in every other Tuesday and explore the latest technology that's changing our world today and creating a more accessible tomorrow. Listen to technically speaking an Intel podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For so many people living with an autoimmune condition, the emotional toll is as real as the physical symptoms. Starting this may join host Martine Hackett for season three of Untold Stories Life with a severe autoimmune condition. A Ruby Studio production and partnership with Argen X From myasthenia gravis or MG to chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, also known as CIDP. Untold stories, highlights the realities of navigating life with these conditions from challenges to triumphs. This season, Martin and her guests discuss the range of emotions that accompany each stage of the journey. Whether it's the anxiety of misdiagnosis or the relief of finding support and community, nothing is off limits. And while each story is unique, the hope they inspire is shared by all. Listen to untold stories, life with a severe autoimmune condition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, Chuck, we're at the last one. This One's pretty neat too. I don't think we ever said when the Colossus of Rose was built, did we? Oh geez. Did we not? So it would've been in the fourth, no, the third century. No, the fourth century. B, CE is when it was built. 2 94. So this, this is, remember we've been going chronologically through all of these and this is then the youngest of the ancient wonders. Yeah. The little baby of the, of the group. The Lighthouse of Alexandria. And you know, I've got a lighthouse thing. Sure. And this one's a pretty great one. This was, this was notable as one of the Andrews wonders in the ancient world because it was the only one that actually had a practical use.


And it wasn't just some monument or temple, you know? Right. It, it served a purpose. Who was it that said nothing useless can ever truly be beautiful? Or was it just a movie line that I remember? I think that was John Cusack. Oh, okay. That's It. What? Nothing useless can ever be beautiful. Yeah, man, I wish I could remember what that's from. 'cause I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of email about it. But they said in the movie, they say, somebody said, nothing useless can ever truly be beautiful. Ah, I don't buy that. Yeah. It's an opinion, it's a well put opinion, which is how it ends up in a movie. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.


So this one, this one did have utility and it was kind of beautiful too, from the artist renderings I've seen. I liked it. Yeah. Pretty, pretty sweet lighthouse. So the lighthouse at Alexandria, supposedly it's got a pretty cool backstory to it. Allegedly Alexander himself had a dream. And in the dream they said, Alexander, you need to go find the island of Pharaohs. And he said, why? They said, it doesn't matter, just do what we say. And he woke up in a cold sweat and he like trembling, lit a cigarette. And he said, I gotta find Pharaohs. And that's how it started. Yeah. Pretty much located off the coast of ancient Egypt.


He said, you know what, Tomy, since we're tomy is such a cool name, I'm gonna choose you as one of my generals to go inhabit and settle this place, take care of it for me. And Tomy said, I'm all over it, but I know what I, I I, you know what Pharaohs needs though? It needs like an identifier. Something that you can see from a long way, something symbolic, something that literally helps you identify it because it's, you know, tough navigating around those shores. And Alexander said, well, I don't know if it was Alexander, in my mind it was, he said, eh, how about a lighthouse?


Well, supposedly it was either Tmy or the ma ian, which is the predecessor to the museum, which is basically like a brain trust, a think tank. Yeah. An early prototype of the university where the library Alexandria was housed. Either Tmy came up with it or the Ian came up with it. That's right. And it's a great idea. Put a lighthouse. 'cause it serves a function and it can be tall and grand and it, the, the island will then be known for this. Right. And it most certainly was, Well, And, I have to say, one of the things that I love about these is how some of them are tied together. Like this is the same toole that the Macedonians were fighting.


Yeah. And tried to bring roads into roads, had been conquered by King Muus and then was later re-Con by Artemesia. Like, all of these things kind of fit together. And when you start to learn about one, you learn about the story of the people who built them and how they relate to the stories of, of people who built other amazing wonders of the ancient world. It's just such a cool history lesson. Have you seen the new Noah Bombach movie on Netflix? No. Yeah. It's called the Meyerowitz Stories. No, I haven't seen it. It's on Netflix. It's funny. It's Adam Sandler, his Adam, the guy's not in the movie, but Adam Sandler's neighbor, he references a lot. His name is Tomi.


Oh Yeah. So he just keeps saying, well, you know, Tomi says this and that. That's awesome. About the movie. It's pretty funny. And a reminder that Adam Sandler should only play these roles. Yeah. He definitely, well that or the, the original Billy Madison Happy Gilmore role. He was pretty good at that too. Oh man, he's so good in these kinds of movies, And I know Punch Trunk gloves, But didn't just do these. Yeah. So good. And this character is sort of like a grownup version of that Punch Drunk Love character a little bit to me. Good movie. Check it out. I'll check it out. Yeah. Thanks. So it Tomy, which is got a silent P by the way.


Yeah. It's a cool name. Which Is why it's such a great name. It's Pet Pet Me. So Petie is on the island. They get this thing built around 2 85 bc. They begin construction. There's a a, a dude named so Stratis of Nedos Sure. And they don't know what part he played other than the fact that it was important. He could have been the architect, could have been the financier, could Have been both. Yeah, absolutely. Could have been both. But he was, he was definitely important to that project. So supposedly this project, they actually have a, a monetary value for how much it cost.


They said it costs 800 talents, which are, is a word for bars of silver. Yeah. And apparently that's about $3 million today, which is not bad for this lighthouse. 3 million. Oh yeah. Not bad at all. You couldn't build half a lighthouse today for that. No, no. Not one like this. So, no, no. So apparently it was about 450 feet tall. And one of the reasons they built this too was not just to, to put Pharaohs on the map or Alexandria on the map. It, Alexandria was already like a pretty important city, or it was becoming an important city, port city. But having a lighthouse there just helped navigation, which only helped the economy boom.


And actually after the lighthouse came into operation, the economy did boom as a result of that. Right. Yeah. And 450 feet is really, really tall. Yeah. They said that you could see this things light from a hundred miles away. Yeah. I saw the ones that said it was more like 30 or 40 still, but yeah, that it's a, that's a pretty high functioning lighthouse. A hundred miles away is more believable than the temple of Zeus being struck by a bolt of lightning after it was completed. Agreed. So you could see this thing 30 miles away. We'll even go with 20 miles away. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm not even going above that. And the reason why you could see that is because atop this 450 foot structure, there was a polished disc of some sort.


They think it was probably bronze and during the day they moved it so it would reflect the light of the sun. So you could see it then. And then at night, they had a fire going all the time. and there were structures within this amazingly tall structure that were basically what you would call dumb waiters or that type of elevator on, on police where you could raise and lower to, to get, to bring like firewood or animal dried animal dung up to it. Yeah. And I don't think we said that. One of the things that makes this so cool to me is it's not, not just a big cylindrical lighthouse. Like most of them, you see it is three different levels of three different shapes.


So you've got your huge rectangular base, then you have the second level, which is octagonal, and then that third is cylindrical. So it's just really cool looking. And apparently you could even up to that first level, which I mean had to be over a hundred feet high in itself, you could bring carts and workhorses and stuff Right. All the way up to that level because they had a bunch of storage up there. Right. It is pretty cool. And then dumb waiters to take stuff to the highest hours. Right. And, and they had like those ramps and like kind of circular or spiral staircases going around it to help to, to maximize the space that you use to get things up.


Yeah. It was very clever structure for sure. Yeah. It's very cool. And you can, there are some cool renderings of this online as well. So this thing was a solid piece of work. Apparently it, it survived a tsunami in 365 ce. Oh wow. But what got it, Chuck Earthquake. Earthquake. Yep. And 1303. So it last, and This is after like dozens of earthquakes. Yeah. So it was, it was built around two 80 BCE. It stood until 1300. Yeah. 1300. Right. It's amazing. And finally some earthquakes took it down. And the other thing that happened, they reused some of it as a fort, which is still around today.


But the cool thing about it is in 1994, there was a underwater expedition around Pharaohs and they found what they're almost positive are original blocks from the, from the lighthouse itself. Original blocks, And I. Think statues too. Oh Wow. Yeah. Sculptures, I should say. Yeah, I did. I did. Look at some of the underwater pictures is pretty cool. Oh yeah. It's just as cool as it gets, man. Anything that's underwater now that used to be and was meant to be above water. Oh, it's so cool. Agreed. So creepy. I was reading this really interesting article about the Andrea Doria, you know, the luxury liner from Italy that, that, I think it's sunk in the fifties or early sixties, but it's like this incredible wreck site that people dive and they call it like the underwater Everest, because if you're a underwater rec diver, that's like, it doesn't get any better than that.


Yeah. But you know, it's, it's also extremely dangerous. And I read this really well written article about, I can't remember who wrote it, but to start reading Andrea Dorio articles, everybody, and you'll find the one eventually. Well, we'll do a podcast on it. How about that? Okay, let's do it. And that's it. We did the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World finally. Huh? That's the last one. That's That's it. Everybody. That's the big one. That's a Chevy Chase quote. Is it? Yeah, from Christmas vacation when he reveals the pool. Oh, right. It's so awkward the way he says it. It's perfect. That's it. That's a big one. One. Well, at any rate, Christmas is come and gone Chuck, but this is the last episode that we're going to release this year.


So I think we should wish everybody a happy New Year. Yeah. Happy New Year everybody. Thanks for sticking with us this 2017 and we'll see you in 2018 on a personal note, happy, happy birthday to my sweet wife Yumi and we'll see you guys next year. Right? I sure hope so. So in the meantime, it's time for listener mail. That's right. We're gonna finish out this two parter with a single listener mail about bath salts Appropriately because why not? Yeah. Hey guys, I'm not wanting to take hard drugs off him, but my friend And I, were going to an EDM festival and decided to take what we believed was Molly.


The drugs were crystalline And, we took them orally y yuck. The experience did not go as planned. And a few days later we used a drug testing kit on the remaining crystals and find out dun dun bath salts. Isn't, that's scary. I'll take that. That looks like a drug. Sure. It's crystalline. Yeah, Sure. Unlike any other party drug that might make you feel ready to dance. This stuff gave my friend And I. The sensation that our feet were stuck to the ground by a magnetic force and lifting them was almost impossible. This made dancing very difficult as all we could do was awkwardly move around with the top F of our bodies. Additionally, we felt super paranoid that everyone around us was watching us and judging and laughing at our pitiful attempts to dance.


By the way, anonymous, no one noticed you. I can go ahead and tell you that right now. Right. It was impossible to enjoy the music with my mind racing these unpleasant thoughts and the feeling lasted for the full day. After the disappointing day, we headed back to the apartment, ready to get some rest, tackled the next day drug free. But no, the bass salts would not let us sleep. Try as we might all night long, we laid there wide awake. Part of the song turned down for what by DJ Snake played over and over in my mind for eight hours straight. This sounds really bad. It Does. My eyes were closed and it felt as though I was watching a show of squiggly neon colored shapes, pulsating and rhythm to the incessant music in my mind. Somehow we managed to get to the festival the next day, but we felt like zombies And.


we were not even at the cannibalism stage yet. I'm not sure what that even means. Well, you know the whole face eating bath salt legend. Oh, Gotcha. She's like, we weren't even there yet. Yeah, yeah. It still was terrible. She didn't even get the pleasure of eating someone's face. Right. So just from experience, I will second what Josh and Chuck said and urged Steer Clear that is from anonymous. Thanks a lot anonymous. Appreciate that. That is the more you know or no, that's one to grow on. That's one to grow on. If, you wanna send us one to grow on? Hit us up. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com and as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At public.com you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% a p is of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA And I. Not a bank, not investment Advice.


For so many people living with an autoimmune condition like myasthenia gravis or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, the emotional toll can be as real as the physical symptoms. That's why in an all new season of Untold Stories life with a severe autoimmune condition from Ruby Studio and Argen Xs host, Martine Hackett gets to the heart of the emotional journey for individuals living with these conditions to find community and inspiration on your journey. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. There are millions of books on Amazon, so there's a reading feeling for everyone. So if you're after that excited haha, feeling like when you discover you have a lot in common with Vikings or something, Amazon has books for you. Or maybe you enjoy the sort of nervous ha ha that comes when the hero barely escapes the zombies. Or maybe you like the smug that comes when the villain gets what he deserves. You know, Amazon has it all. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.