
Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This is The soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea, or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Good afternoon, gda. It's Chuck here on a Saturday, and I am going to pick a selection called How Foreign Accent Syndrome works. No idea what this is about, but is from March 28th, 2017, and I hope you enjoy it. Good day. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w. Chuck Bryant and Jerry's here as always.


So it's Stuff You Should Know. Stuff You Should Know. You should have said that in a British accent. It's Stuff You Should Know. Hey, how was that? That was great. You're a regular rich little, Remember the arrest development little subplot where Charlie's Theron was thought to be a British spy? Oh yeah. What was For British eyes only. Yeah, but what was the name of her character? Mr. F. Mr. F. That's Right, that's right. I knew I had some like they said that every time. Right? That was pretty funny.


She's great. Yeah, she was Pretty lady. Funny, smart. Yeah. Good actor. What else? That's all I got on her. She can macrame. Oh, really? I don't know, I just assume. Oh, Okay. This is off to a great start. It is. It's unusual. Odd. Even you could say that you suggested I say the intro in a British accent because we're talking about foreign accents today, Chuck. That's right. It was coi. Mm, I see. Now it makes sense. Yes. And we're specifically not talking about, there's a thing sometimes that certain people do when they meet someone with a, an accent different than their own.


Right. Where they accidentally or sometimes purposely adopt it momentarily. Yes. It's called code switching. My mom's done this before that. I remember it happened when I was a kid. My brother and I thought it was so funny. Yeah. Yeah. And it seems like it's usually a parent of an embarrassed child. Sure. Is there ex explanation behind it or, Yeah. Yeah. So, so this is, from what I understand, this is the point, right? So our accents are extremely personal. They're part of like us individually, but they also signal our membership in different groups, right?


Yeah. So like a farmer's gonna talk differently from a stockbroker and a farmer from Georgia is gonna talk a lot differently. And a stockbroker from Portland, Oregon. Right? Okay. Because that's the other stock market seat. Yeah. Yeah. You thought I was gonna say New York. I did. Nope. So when we, when we code switch, when we meet other people and take on their, their way of talking it, it's called code switching. And I think it's a way of signaling, Hey, I, we have something in common. I don't want you to be distracted by Yeah. It's a welcoming thing. Yeah. My, my overalls with no shirt on are distracting enough.


I don't want you to be distracted by my accent too. So I think it is a way of saying like, Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm, we have something in common. The thing is, accents are such a part of group identity that If you do that in front of some other members of your group, whether it's your family or your friends or whatever, they're gonna tease you. They are gonna tease you. Guaranteed. And one of the reasons why is because what they're doing consciously or or otherwise is maintaining the borders of their own group's identity. Yeah. They're saying, eh, don't put on airs. Don't think you're fancy. Don't think you're just like that guy. You're one of us. And, and making fun of somebody who adopts someone else's accent is a way of doing that.


It's a way of maintaining group divisions and borders. Yeah. Where really, when you do kind of adopt someone else's accent, it, I think one of the things that you are doing is trying to make the foreigner the stranger feel more comfortable. And having met your mom, I guarantee that's what she was doing. Well, I just remember the only one I remember specifically and You know, you just have these random childhood moments that sort of stick with you was, we were in Florida and we were talking with an Irish woman, I believe she may have been from England, but I think she was, was Irish. And the other thing too is, you know, I don't, I don't think my mom had probably talked to a lot of Irish people at that point.


You know, she's from west Tennessee, they moved to Georgia. We didn't have Irish people all over the place. She wasn't super well traveled back then, although she is much more now. So it was probably a bit novel to her. And I remember very specifically, the woman said something about going to Disney instead of Disney World. And my mom said she got kind of proper and she says, you know, we haven't been to Disney yet. And I remember my brother and I just thought that was so funny. Instead of saying Disney World, Did you guys make fun of her in front of the woman? No, I don't think so. We may have laughed a little under our breath, but I, I mean, I don't think we, I don't think we even teased her. I'm teasing her now a bit. Sure. But I don't think like we made fun of her really.


I think we just kind of like my brother and I want to do very quietly looked at each other and in that way that brothers do. Right. And then talk to each other like the kids and escape from Witch Mountain. Yeah. Or they telepathic. Yeah. But it's funny, I was listening to the great Judge John Hodgman podcast Oh yeah. With our Pal John and Class Act, Jesse Thorn, bailiff Jesse. And they had an actual case a few weeks ago that was very funny, where this, this mom does this on purpose. She's a trained actor and loves to put on accents when she goes to places. And the daughter was just, she took her to the internet court and was just like, stop doing this.


Like, you've got to stop doing this. And the mom's whole thing, she was very just fun and whimsical and having a lot of fun with it. So it was really hard to, to rule against her. But I think Hodgman ultimately did rule against her. He's tough, but fair. Well, I think his whole thing was like, You know, you, I I think he ruled partially in her favor. Like, you gotta let him know where you're from and you can't do it to like waiters and service people because their job is to like take your dumb jokes and, and have a stiff upper lip about it. And it just kinda makes their job harder if they think maybe you're making fun of them and Right.


You know, like, you may not realize the unintended consequence of this is somebody may feel uncomfortable that they have to put up with this. Wow. That was, took a really serious turn at the end there. No, it did. I mean, you know, that's what's great about that show is it? Sure. They're funny cases, but he adjudicates seriously. I think that's Why it works well. Yeah. And then Jesse always shoots his gun off at the end. Yeah, yeah. Haw. So anyway, I I just thought that it was pretty weird that this article came up and then that episode had just aired. But that's different than what we were talking about. Totally. Like, I started saying this is not that at all. This is a legitimate, super rare, this reminded me of alien hand syndrome and its rarity.


Yeah. 'cause I've seen different numbers, but the most I've seen is about 150 described official cases of foreign accent syndrome. Right. That, that, that's super rare for sure. Yeah. And what makes it different from somebody taking on the affect or dialect or accent of somebody else, someone Taking the piss. Right. This is, this is where you, you can't stop. It's involuntary. Yeah. And you know, it sounds weird. It's in exotic and you just wanna like poke at the person who's doing that in the neck to be like, what are you doing there? But If you really start to dig into the actual cases, it's sad in a lot of a lot of cases.


Oh yeah. Because again, your accent, what you sound like makes up a part of your personality. So If you are, if it, if it changes on you involuntarily, it can be quite traumatic for some people. You could have an identity crisis of sorts. Yeah. So I guess we should just go ahead and talk about a couple of cases so people know what we're talking about. The first one mentioned in our own article is really interesting for a few reasons. And it's the most recent case that's documented, oh, I'm sorry. It's not the most recent, but it is fairly recent. A woman named Lisa Alamia, she had jaw surgery because of an overbite. And then when she came out of surgery, even though she was from Texas and had never been to England, she spoke with a British accent And she's like, Roy, bloody hell.


And Wait, Wait, I, I need our British listeners to write in and tell me how, how good my British accent is. Okay. Well I'm known on the show for doing the bad accent, so I'm glad you're taking up No, Yours are good. I dunno, Mine are they, They verge on decent at times. That's, well, There's cartoonish and stereotypical, right? Yeah. But they're really, really good cartoonish stereotypical versions of accents. So she woke up, had that accent, and her husband and three kids thought it was a joke. She had only been outside the country to go to Mexico and it was a real thing called foreign accent syndrome. Yeah. She'd never been to England. She apparently probably had seen British people on TV kind of thing.


But her case actually is the opposite of what I was saying. She was apparently quite shy before and now she has something to talk about a, a conversation opener, I guess. Oh, okay. And she's a little more chatty than before. Well, that's Interesting. Yeah, it is. It's, it's the opposite of, of some other people who have really experienced a crisis as a result. She's like, well, I sound British now, I guess I should talk more than before. So she sounds like a drunk cockney chimney sweep. Pretty Much. And she does sound cockney to me. Oh really? I didn't hear, I didn't see this one on YouTube. So yeah, we should say, you know, this is kind of like optical illusions. It's one thing to talk about it.


You need to actually go see and hear these people talking. Yeah. If you just look up Lisa Alamia, A-L-A-M-I-A and you will find plenty of interviews with her. And she's, she's, like you said, fairly recent. There's one that's a quite a famous case, maybe the most famous because there was the one that put foreign accent syndrome on the map, even though it was before the term was coined. Yeah. This one had a, had a much darker turn. 'cause it was during World War ii, a Norwegian woman named Astrid suffered injury. And the ironies here are really sad. She suffered a brain injury from shrapnel, from a German bomb and a bombing raid.


And then when she came to, she had a German accent. Right. Very not fun for her. No, because the Germans were occupying Norway at the time. Right. Yeah. So people she didn't really know were like, oh, hey German spy. Yeah, You want some milk? No milk for you. Yeah. She was shunned. She couldn't even speak German. But she had that accent and was obviously very distraught by this. And she went to neurologist name Yorg Iman Monrad Crone. Nice job. It's a great name. And he coined the first term for this, which is dispersity.


Which is Prosy is like the tone and rhythm of your speech. Yeah. And the prefix dis obviously is like abnormal or ill, and that didn't catch on too well. It didn't, but as we'll see, he kind of nailed what the problem was. Yeah. Because, you know, the, the, the non grammatical parts of speech, the posity are what is affected when you have foreign accent syndrome, you, you have what appears to be a, a foreign accent, but you're usually, your vocabulary, your syntax, your grammar remains unchanged. It's all the little nuances that make up your accent or your intonation or the rhythm of your speech that are affected and has changed.


So reciprocity is actually like the perfect name for the syndrome. Yeah. But foreign accent syndrome is way more catchy and that, oh, it's sexy. In 1982, neurologist named Harry Whitaker came up with that. So Whitaker coined it in the eighties, I think 1982 was when he coined that official term. Right. And he, he was a neuro linguist who did some pretty serious research into foreign accent syndrome. He actually came up with a four point criteria for diagnosing it. And the number one is that the accent has to be considered by the patient, the people the patient knows, and the researcher of the doctor to be a, to sound like a foreign accent, right?


Yeah. Foreign, Pretty straightforward from what they are. Yeah. Well that's number, number two. It has to be different from the patient's former posity. Sure. Noticeably different. Number three, it has to be related to central nervous system damage. And this one has come under fire under the last few years. And then four, it can't be related to a patient's ability to speak a foreign language already. Right. Right. So there's actually a condition, it's astounding to me, it's called bilingual aphasia, or there's also polyglot aphasia. And apparently If you suffer a stroke or brain injury or some other trauma or insult to your central nervous system and you know more than one language, you may completely lose the ability to speak one language and completely retain the ability to speak the other.


That's how decentralized our language process is in the brain. Well, yeah, because that's one of the, the factors in foreign accent syndrome is you could, it's not like in a case where you might have a stroke and lose the ability to speak, like Right. You still can speak in perfect dialect, whatever that dialect is as far as being, you know, articulate and coherent. Oh, right, right. Yeah. Yeah. So you're, you're, yeah, exactly. You're not like slurring your speech, you just sound different. And like a, a foreign person saying the same words would, right? Yes. Oh, gotcha. Okay. So there's this four point diagnosis criteria that's kind of been deconstructed over the years, but the problem with foreign accent syndrome, it's like you said, there's been a hundred, maybe 150 cases, so it's just totally up in the air as to like how to diagnose it, what qualifies as it, and we'll talk a little bit about how scientists have dug into it thus far after this break.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This is the soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often, two more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain


From Disney on March 21st. The musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on a wish Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story magic mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all, snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theaters March 21st. PG rental guidance suggested tickets on sale now.


So Chuck for accent syndrome, it's kind of all over the place right now, right? Yes. You've got Lisa Alamia who woke up from jaw surgery with it. Apparently people who have strokes can, can suffer from foreign accent syndrome. And I actually saw one case where your foreign accent syndrome and one patient who suffered a stroke was cured by a second stroke elsewhere in the brain. Wow. So we have, like, it's very tough to predict what's gonna happen when foreign accent syndrome does come about. And you know, there's been people from Japan who've developed Korean accents or there've been people from Scotland who developed South African accents.


It it's, it's kind of everywhere in all over. Yeah. You can, one of the other causes, it can be from the onset of MS from multiple sclerosis. This one woman that we'll talk about in more detail suffered a from chronic migraines, but had a migraine attack so severe that it, it spurred this and we'll get to her. But all of these in a bucket from some sort of trauma or an event are called neurogenic type. And for a long time they used to think that was the only way that you could get foreign accent syndrome. Right. Because remember that Harry Whitaker, 1982 criteria specifically says it has to be related to central nervous system damage.


Yeah. So there's another kind called psychogenic, also non-organic or functional or psychosomatic. But one of the leading experts said that they prefer psychogenic. He said because quote, this term has the advantage of stating positively based on an exploration of its causes that the disorder is a manifestation of psycho psychological disequilibrium like anxiety, depression, personality disorder or conversion reaction. Right. And you know, we're talking about it could be bipolar disorder, it could be some other form of mental illness. And this really kind of rocked, I mean it's not a huge community studying this, but the people that do are obviously super fascinated by it.


And it kind of rocked their world when they found out that someone that had no head injury, no stroke or anything like that, would, could have something like this. Yeah. So they developed, first it was neurogenic, then they developed psychogenic, and then there's actually a third one now it's mixed. So apparently it can actually be from a psychological issue that possibly could arise from say a brain lesion. So it's both of them together. Right. Working to create this foreign accent syndrome. And definitely psychogenic the psychogenic version of foreign accent syndrome differs tremendously from the neurogenic in a lot of ways. And number one is the psychogenic tends to clear up, it accompanies say like a psychotic break or a manic episode or something like that.


And as the episode wanes or goes away or clears up, so too does the foreign accent syndrome. That is not the case with neurogenic. With neurogenic. They have no cure whatsoever. And basically the only treatment that they can come up with is through speech therapy where a speech language pathologist basically retrains you to talk the way you did before. Yeah. It's also, the neurogenic is also much more common out of the cases. I think it's about 86% are from some sort of neurological damage. Right. So what does that leave 14%? Unless I guess you're accounting for the, the new super odd one that is could be both.


One of the more famous cases that kind of demonstrated that psychogenic FAS was an actual thing happened here in America. There was a woman in her mid thirties who had a history of schizophrenia in her family, and she was brought to the ER after attacking her mom's landlady. Yeah. This one's the most recent case actually. And she, she, she believed the landlady was practicing voodoo on her against her. And she attacked the woman. And throughout all this, during this episode, she had taken on a British accent and taking a family history. They found that number one, she had schizophrenia in her family. She was diagnosed with schizophrenia as a result of this incident.


But that she had had similar instances before. And during these she had spoken with the British accent. Yeah. I Wonder, I didn't see anything in there about her if she like had a, I mean, is it another personality? Is it multiple personality disorder? I don't believe so. That's not what I took from it. Yeah. 'cause that would make sense. You know, If you have a, just a, a British personality that came out that's violent maybe or something. Yeah. Well, I mean we remember, we, I think we've done one on schizophrenia before, haven't we? I don't know. Have We? We we definitely did one on dissociative personality disorder. Yeah. Which is just absolutely fascinating. But I I was, I like you, I kind of noticed like, hey, what about multiple personalities?


It doesn't, it seems like something that would be right up that alley. I'm sure they've looked into that, But apparently, apparently that's not part of it. Yeah. Another case that I said we were gonna get to those, this one is really weird and super sad. This woman named Sarah Caldwell in England, she is the one that had the migraine that set it off. And this one is super odd because she's an an English woman who now has a Chinese accent. I mean, just straight up sounds Chinese And like broken English Chinese. Right, right. So she sounds like a, a native I think man Mandarin speaker is probably what we're thinking of who is speaking English.


And If you weren't looking like you would expect to see, say maybe like a middle aged Chinese woman when you looked at the, at the video. Yeah. And no, it's like a, I don't know, late, late to mid thirties Caucasian woman. Yeah. A native born English speaker who, and she's who I was thinking of when I was saying for some people it's, it's a really big problem. Oh yeah. Because it's presented a big crisis for her identity. She said that she can't look in the mirror while she's speaking any longer. She just doesn't feel like herself anymore. And it's really hit her hard. Yeah. I mean she, her case is really sad. It was I think 2010 when she was diagnosed after this migraine incident and in 2015 she couldn't work anymore.


And she, she has, she has a lot more issues going on than just the speech with these migraines that have come on. She's got a whole range of physical problems that she's had to stop work. She's in a wheelchair. Even though her limbs completely work, her brain basically can't tell her limbs to do what they should do. Good lord. So From migraines. Yeah. From I think these really extreme migraines. I think they even likened it to like having a stroke. They were so severe. So she's had to sell her house and I think her husband is afflicted with something too. It's just a really, really sad case. Yeah. It's, but You know, you can, there's all kinds of interviews with her and it's just so strange to hear that accent coming out of this white lady.


It is. And from what I gather, she'd be like, yeah, well imagine how strange it feels coming out of you. Oh yeah. You Know, and you know, I saw videos where they would sit down and play her. And before I looked up further that she was having even more troubled times, it seemed like she was getting a little better throughout the interview through therapy because they were playing her, one of the things they do is they play old recordings of herself and she would sit down and listen to 'em and try and mimic it. And which kind of brought up one of my questions is, can you even mimic an accent? Like, you know, people can fake an accent. Like can you even do that? And I didn't get an answer on that. But then you're just mimicking an accent your entire life too, even If you could Yeah.


You know, so that's problematic on its own. Sure. But it seemed like she was getting a little bit better in that interview, but apparently not. It's really sad. Yeah, It is. I mean, like, it's bad enough. You've got migraines and then to have a crisis of identity. Yeah. It's, yeah. Not fair. So one of the other things that's really troubling is you can't just go to a neurologist and get it cleared up. There are a whole range of doctors that you'll probably see along the way, including a neurologist. You talked about a speech language pathologist. You might go to a clinical psychologist to deal with the fallout from everything. Maybe a neuro psychologist, maybe a radiologist.


You might see, you know, six and eight doctors and still not get anywhere. Right. Because can't do a lot for you. We don't know how to treat strokes very well. And once damage has has occurred in the brain, it can be pretty tough, if not impossible to reverse Yeah. That damage, right. If it's permanently damaged. So yeah, the, the idea that you're, you've now gotten a foreign accent. They're probably like, that's kind of the least of your words. You just had a massive stroke or a huge head injury or something like that. But what it's revealed to them is not that There's this huge mystery and we, we have kind of played into it a little bit by not revealing this from the outset.


But you, you as a patient with foreign accent syndrome, it didn't hit your head and wake up with the foreign accent. It's all in the ear of the beholder. The, the whole idea that there is a foreign accent syndrome as as the way that it's stated is false. And we'll talk about that after this break.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, na member FDIC.


If You're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They shouldn't Be getting in the way. It's Time to address OSA Head on Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com.


This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C from Disney on March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on O. Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story Magic Mirror on the wall. Who's the Fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theaters. March 21st. Read to pg parental guidance suggested tickets on sale. Now


If you're driving right now, look around. I'll wait. All those cars you see they're all probably on autotrader.com. That's right. That's because Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars. Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, actually not flying cars yet, but as soon as those get invented they'll be on Autotrader. AutoTrader's been attracting car shoppers for years now and for good reason, not only do they have supercharged search features that allow you to easily find your perfect car, Autotrader has Kelley Blue book, my Wallet from credit scores to down payments to interest rates. We all know that car buying requires a lot of math, so enter my wallet on Autotrader. That's Right. It's a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So you never have to do car math again. You're welcome. So whether you're into timeless classics or the latest trends or whether you just want something practical with no surprise costs, If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. See it. Find it. Autotrader.


Okay, Chuck, we're back. Yes. So I thought I heard you drawing a breath right before we broke. I might've been, Did you have something to say? I dunno. Yeah, I think I have a little trouble wrapping my head around this whole idea that it's only in the ear of the person because If you know, that lady clearly has a Chinese accent, it's not, oh, I'm just hearing it that way. So there've actually been studies where they've played a video clip of, or a audio clip of a person with foreign accent syndrome to different people Yeah. And said, you know, where do you think this person's from? And the same person will get tens of different answers out of tens of different people.


Yeah. I, I dunno. I mean that makes sense in some cases I think. But I don't see how anyone could hear this woman and say, she sounds British to me. Right. Well, no, no, no. She, she definitely doesn't sound British, but that's the point. She sounds Chinese, but she's not actually speaking in a Chinese accent. She didn't hit her head and wake up with a Chinese accent. What happened was she got these series of migraines, probably had some sort of stroke and a region of her brain that controls the really intricate process of prosody, of making your tongue do certain things to intonate and accent certain words in certain ways that make up your accent and your dialect overall that got damaged.


And so now she can't control it in the way she used to before it comes out sounding differently. And to you, somebody who has heard people speak in a Chinese accent before, it sounds like a Chinese accent. That's the difference. Yeah. I still don't get that. What I do get though is we take second nature just when we open our mouth, we talk, we don't realize the complex series of events that's going on to make your voice come out the way it does. So, You know, you, you're well in the brain. They think. And again, the mysteries of the brain there, the what how you create speech is really complex and involves all kind of areas of the brain, but specifically damage in the left hemisphere and the cerebral artery, they know a lot of times can cause foreign accent syndrome.


Right. But when you're speaking, you're using your tongue, you're using your lips, your jaw, your larynx, and the way all these things combine and who you are is gonna make you have, and we should do one on accents period, but agreed, it's going to control how your speech comes out. So, and the, you know, the one example they they use in here is if You know you have a little too much to drink those, You know, you might lose some of that muscle control and you might sl your words or talk funny or differently. Right. So that's a pretty, pretty basic way of understanding it. But I know vowels are, are sort of a big deal when it comes to foreign accent syndrome.


Yeah. If you, If you say ah, instead of a Yeah. Or you substitute continents like R for L, right? Yeah. So you're, you know, what's that? What were they singing jingle bells on? Oh no deck. The halls. Yeah. Yeah. On a Christmas story, A Christmas story. Rah rah rah rah. Right? Yeah. So If you were a, a Caucasian English speaker and you damaged your brain in a way that the, the part of your brain responsible for forming Ls now formed s instead right. To other English speakers who'd heard native Chinese speakers, you would sound like you had a Chinese accent because that's what people who speak Chinese do when they're speaking English.


Right? So you didn't actually adopt a Chinese accent. You're just creating sounds in the same way that somebody who was a native Chinese speaker would. Yeah, I, I mean I see what they're getting at with all this. To me it's a little bit splitting hairs. I think that's what I'm trying to say. I think the difference is this chuck, with your a your accent, your native accent, your native dialect Yeah. Is the result of your exposure to your environment. Right? Sure. Lifelong all the people around you, all the stuff you've learned, all the things you've heard, it creates your dialect. Right? When you suffer foreign accent syndrome, your dialect, your brain is damaged so that you can't produce that anymore and you just kind of haphazardly producing something else.


Yeah. You don't actually follow. So like If you took Sarah Cal Caldwell's language and had her read a passage from a book, right. And then you had a native Chinese speaker, typical accented Mandarin speaker read that same passage, it would not be the exact same thing. There'd be all sorts of derivations and deviations from that normal Mandarin accent because Sarah Caldwell's brain was damaged in a certain way. That makes it a totally unique accent. Yeah, I get that. But that happens within the Mandarin accent between people too. You're not letting this one go, are you?


I just don't Get it. Alright. One thing I do get is that there's no like, and this is probably what's so frustrate or one of the things that's so frustrating is it's not like they wake up with a new cultural identity either, right? I mean this woman still wants to have her tea and biscuits every afternoon, but when she says that, she says it with Chuck would call it a Chinese accent. A neurologist would say, well you're just hearing that. Right? Right. So you know it, like you said, people suffer a bit from their own like sense of self. Right. You know, 'cause see here's what I wonder is in in their, do they hear it in their head as their own regular accent?


I don't think so. No. I think it sounds off to them and I think it's probably distressing because they're like, whoa, wait, let me say that again. And they still say it the, what they perceive as the wrong way. Because apparently one of the hallmarks of foreign accent syndrome is the, the errors or the differences that they, that make pro in their prosody is predictable. Right. Which makes it like an accent. I mean that's what an accent is, is you're going to drop your T's or replace the T with the TH with a D. Right. Just about every time. Or add that R when you say wash, wash that. Yeah, exactly. Like that's, it's a predictable thing and that's part of foreign accent syndrome.


It starts to happen in predictable ways too. So I would guess Yeah, they, it sounds off to them as well. Well 'cause the reason I say that is 'cause when like, and I think I've talked about this, when my grandfather had a stroke, he still talked but it just came out as gibberish. But in his head he was saying the things that he was trying to say, which is, you know, one of the, the most frustrating things I think Yeah. After a a stroke victim is I remember seeing him talk and getting so frustrated. Yeah. He would just, you know, say things out loud and it would come out as gibberish to us. But in his head he's still saying, you know, his English words. Right. It's gotta make you feel trapped in your body.


Yeah. However, FAS is a little all over the map because there have been other weird cases. 'cause we've been saying this whole time, there's not a new identity. It's the same, you're saying the same words and everything, but there have been cases where people do substitute out words like you would say lift instead of an elevator. Right. That's like the psychogenic version. I know. And it's just so confusing. Well It almost makes me think like, so before there was nothing but neurogenic foreign accent syndrome. Right, right. Everything else was, you're just crazy. Now they, they recognize that they're psychogenic FAS as well.


I think what's gonna happen with more and more study, they're gonna just diverge into two totally different syndromes now. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, I think they're gonna be like, that's actually not the same thing. That's something totally different. Neurogenic foreign xin syndrome is its own thing and psychogenic is is something else entirely as Well. Yeah. They'll just make up a new name. Yeah. This one other case I thought was interesting the, about the Dutch woman, Which one She was Dutch is Dutch and she developed a French accent, but she spoke Dutch using French syntax and occasionally French. French words as if she was a French person learning Dutch.


And it turns out that she was a Dutch language teacher who taught French people to speak Dutch. Right. And I don't know, was her psychogenic or neurogenic? It Would have to be psychogenic because neurogenic has basically that original Harry Whitaker criteria In 1982. You never, you'd never use different words and things. Well it was, it, it has to not be related to the patient's ability to speak a foreign language. Oh, okay. Yeah. Right. So like the, she would be technically canceled out from neurogenic for that one. And it would also, it didn't have anything to do with, with central nervous system damage. Right.


Which is again, that's why I think it's gonna end up being its own thing. Man. So interesting. It Is. What else you got? That's all I've got man. Isn't that enough? I think so, Man. Any language stuff. Anytime we talk about language in the brain, I guess neurolinguistics, I just, my, I turn to goo. It's so interesting to me. Yeah. That's What happens when something interests me. I turn to goo. If you wanna turn to Goo and learn more about foreign accent syndrome, you can type those words in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. And since I said that it's time for Chuck Administrative Details.


How was that? That was great ma'am. So Chuck, yes. We've got some more people to thank for sending us some nice stuff. That's right. I'm gonna start off with Nathan Zo. Oh That's good. He sent us some really lovely hand drawn calendars and bookmarks and you can find those at Wildlife Wildlife Do marini for lazo.com au And that's M-A-R-I-N-I-F-E-R-L-A-Z-Z o.com au. And it, it was really, really beautiful work and it's, it's a cool thing because portion of every sale is donated to a nonprofit wildlife organization.


Very nice. I think you handled that for an accent Very well. Thank you. Wanted to say thanks big time to Robert Coombs or Combs from White Tail Coffee for the Amazing Coffees, especially the like. Seriously, this is a really good coffee, especially the Laris and Lamella and that's White Tail TALE coffee. It's just an amazing coffee subscription service that you should check out. Well I got a couple of more coffees. I'll just knock 'em both out. Okay. You have one sitting. I actually have two of them sitting on your desk right now. My friend Can't wait to go grab 'em. True Stone Coffee Roasters from St.


Paul Minnesota sent us their medium blend and I can't vouch for the taste yet 'cause it just got here, but it smells good. And then Devin from True Coffee Roasters in Fitchburg, Wisconsin sent us a dark roasted Sumatra in a Mexico ra. Nice. I'm sorry, Altura. Nice. Thanks a lot guys. We got coffee coming outta her ears. That's great. Which is, that's a good place to be, but we're not gonna have diabetes my friend. No. Doug Fuchs sent us a beautiful illustrated card. Thanks for that, Doug. Thanks for saying hi. Meg from Seattle. She sent me a card about Lauren's passing my cat, which I lost last year, which is very, very sweet. And while I'm on that Buckley, my old boy passed away Yeah.


A couple of weeks ago. And everyone on Facebook was beyond supportive and sweet and that really helped out. So thanks for that. Yeah. From everybody listening to you, Chuck, we send our condolences To you. Thank you. It was very dark time. Yeah. Let's see. Preston Pope, he sent us some amazing chocolates. Chuck from V Chocolates V just the letter v chocolates.com. Seriously, it's good stuff. I, I feel bad. I feel like I'm running around on little bit sweets. Oh that's okay. That we will always come back to them. Okay. Our buddy Jeff Barney was kind enough and I still haven't tried it.


It's in my fridge, but you said it's the best. He sent us cuppy Japanese Mayo. Oh it's so good. Because Of my love for mayonnaise. And Chuck, You may never go back to Dukes American Mayo again. Well I'm finishing up a a gallon of Dukes This afternoon. Yeah, I'm just gonna gonna shoot it down. Yeah. And then I'm gonna dive into the cuppy and see what's going on there. Gotta see what the difference is. It's subtle, but do you, you'll notice, you'll say wow, this is actually really, really good mayonnaise. All right, well thanks to Jeff Barney for that. Thanks a lot to Tim and Joe from Primer Stories. I don't know If you remember but our animal rights double parter tied into an essay I wrote on primer stories.com and they sent t-shirts to say thanks for that.


So thanks back for you guys' support. Ian Newton of the Baltimore Whiskey Company sent us some ginger apple liqueur and gin. Yes, thanks a lot. Don Kent who last gave us some Pliny the Elder before, which was nice. Oh yeah. Also sent us a bunch of Soylent and thank you also to Soylent itself, the company who heard our Soylent episode and said, you guys haven't tried Soylent here, here's some Soylent and thank you for that Soylent. That was very nice. I think they got what they wanted out this, which is for us to say Soylent 12 times Soylent. This came in today. Thomas Kle car, K-R-E-G-E-L.


He sent me a frigging monocle. Oh that's neat. And he heard me talking about my eyes going and how I just need him to read things close up. And he said, buddy, here's what you need to do because you will one day embarrass your daughter. Like I embarrass my children. You need to rock a monocle. And it's a monocle. So is he like a trained optometrist who can gr like No. No. So he just gave you a piece of glass that's gonna ruin your eye over time. Yeah, I mean it, I, I tried it and it's, you know, it's kinda like a reader. It works about the same as my prescription. Huh. But he uses one, he sent a little picture of himself.


Yeah. And I guess I should plug the company. It's near sites Monocle is what he used. Yeah, for Sure. And yeah, I got a monocle now. Nice job Chuck. I'm gonna Use it. Your new nickname is Pringles guy. Okay. Who? I've got someone else, Pringles guy Janelle Samara sent us a copy of her book, our Only Hope. Thank you. And congratulations on writing a book. Bridget Massau, M-A-S-S-O-T-H sent us some really cute, along with a an extra large handwritten note, sent us some really cute Josh and Chuck cutouts, like kind of paper cut and paste cutouts. Nice. And yours is on your desk.


Thank you. You gotta get outta this room. And I do go over to your desk. You got a bounty, Francis Della P. So you know, there's like a whole group of people out there who believe in writing letters, beautiful letters with fountain pens and all that. Yeah. And Francis de pauses, one of 'em sent us a, a beautiful handwritten letter and you, you also apparently customarily send what's called a flat gift and they sent a a postcard, the sad life of Sag Clown, which is great. We think SAG Clowns are great. Well I got a few letters actually. I'll just knock those out because Sandra, maybe this was because of international correspondence writing month that we got these because apparently that happened.


Oh, okay. But Sandra sent us a nice handwritten letter in honor of that specifically. And then Austin from Bakersfield sent us a very nice handwritten note and then Kristen Cook sent us a Valentine's Day card to all of us, including Harry Noel. Man, that's not Harry Noles of Ain't It Cool News, but our own Knoll who was just Harry. Right. We got some other ones too. Chuck. We got a lighthouse postcard from Big Sable Point from Theresa. We got a couple of Christmas cards from the Johnson Alman family and Tess Sullivan and her family. And I guess in part because the national, what is it?


National Writing month or letter writing month. International correspondence writing month. Exactly. Noel Osa. Nope, sorry. Noel Za. Noel Zoa. I Got, it's handwritten. It's handwritten, you can't, you know, I got it that last time. Noel Noel Zoa wrote us a nice hand letter, handwritten letter in Fountain Pen. I've got two more. Megan Moon Waltman, that's Megan with two Gs. Oddly. She sent us a copy of this really cool thing she made. It's a book, it's called Songbook, A book of music for all levels, all ages. And it is 11 songs kinda written out as chords and things and illustrated for different instruments.


Like there'll be a song for guitar, an intro song for banjo, one for cello, and it's got these cool pictures and then you can download these songs and kind of, I figure it's, I mean it says for all ages, but it seems like it'd be great to give a kid. Right. So check that out. It's very worthwhile. I've got two more to finish then. Two, one Austin Doyle sent me an amazing oil crayon painting, which I assume will inflate in value very rapidly once Austin dies. Hopefully that doesn't happen. 'cause Doyle is one of our oldest, and I don't mean by age, but one of our longest time listeners. Yeah, he's a great guy. He is.


I mean like when he dies of old age, I just plan to outlive him. That's, Oh, okay. You're So I can cash in on the painting he made me. And then Ben and Aaron Gibson sent us the Japanese car magnets that signify an elderly driver or a teen driver, which we've talked about before. Oh yeah, yeah, I remember those. Thanks dudes. I got one more in this one. Boy, you have no idea what's waiting in there. You just came right into the recording studio for a change. Yeah. On your desk right now, Josh. I can't wait. You have a handmade cutting board. Awesome. And it's really, really nice. This is from Christopher at the Timbered Wolf and it's just, you know, it's gorgeous. He sent a couple of these in and they're really, really nice.


Nice. So you gotta, you gotta take care of it though. I left the instructions for you. I Got a lot of stuff to carry outta here. Yeah, you need a, someone needs to send Josh a wheelbarrow Or a radio flyer. Oh, I got one of those for my kid. It's nice. Oh Yeah. Yeah. The old Red wagon. Like The real one. The radio flyer. Yeah. They still make 'em nice. Well, thank you again to everybody who sent us so much great stuff. We appreciate it. Big time. And If you want to get in touch with us, you can send us both an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This is the soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on os a.com. This information is provided by Lily S-A-L-L-C.


This Is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.