
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey everybody, it's Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our 2014 episode on electricity and I chose it as a kind of KC Caseum esque special dedication to one of our younger listeners, Charlie Pendergrast, who wrote in with a bunch of good ideas, one of which was electricity. Well, rather than just send him a link and being boring, I thought I'd share it as a select for everybody to enjoy. So If you enjoy this select, you can thank Charlie. Thanks, Charlie. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant. Jerry's over there. Chuck's wearing his Last Chance Garage Hat, which means that all is right with the world. Yeah. You know, if Chuck's not wearing that hat, who knows what's going on? Yeah, there's, I thought I lost this thing. Yeah. Once. Yeah. I Think I vaguely remember that. Oh Dude, I freaked. I was like, I'm here crying. I was on the phone with Delta and everything and I was like, oh, here it is. Right. It's on my Head. In your back pocket, like Bruce Springsteen. That's right. How you doing? Great, Chuck. Yes. Let's talk about electricity. Electricity, electricity. I've had the Talking Heads song in my Head.


Which one? Electricity. Oh, okay. Where all these sees are little dots. I thought you were gonna say once in a lifetime. No, that's, what is that called? Once in a Lifetime? Yeah. Oh Yeah. I've been singing the Schoolhouse Rock Electricity song over and over in my head. What About the electric Company theme song? Mm. I haven't been singing that, But do you remember it? Yeah, that was, I was Electric company over Sesame Street even. Oh yeah. I didn't think there had to be like a, you know, I didn't know it was like The Stones or The Beatles, you know? No, it's, and the correct answer there is the who by the way. What do you mean? Like that's the one you go for Stones, Beatles, the who is that right?


No, I mean I, yeah, I love the Who do you? But I'm with you. I don't see the need to rank things like that. Well, plus the Electric company came on after Sesame Street, I think. Yeah. It Skewed slightly older. I think Sesame Street to me felt like, you know, 6, 7, 8 year olds. Yeah. Electric companies were like 8, 9, 10, 12. And then Even younger than Sesame Street was Pinwheel, if I remember correctly. I saw that. That was after your time. Oh, okay. Pinwheel was pretty cute. Yeah. But it was like little kids and then Sesame Street was like little kids, and then Electric Company was like, cool. Yeah. And Romper Room was kind of pre Sesame Street even. So was that the one with Regg, Ann and Andy? Mm, I don't remember.


I just remember it was, it was very immature. Yeah. It was very childish. I think Reanne and Andy were in that. Well, at any rate, we've angered enough people now. I know. I have an intro for this one. Great. Okay, you ready? About 13.8 billion years ago, a little something called the Big Bang happened and the universe was created. So says you So says a lot of people. Yeah. You know, we weren't around, nobody saw it, but it's been detected and it's strongly suspected by scientists that the universe is 13.8 billion years old and that it came from something called the Big Bang, which by the way, I would love to do an episode on.


Yeah, let's do it. Okay. And under the auspices of the Big Bang Theory, not the TV show, but the actual theory. Yeah. At that moment, all of the energy in the entire universe was created Right. Then, Boom. Bam. Ever since that point, that energy has no more energy has been created and none of that energy has been destroyed. But it changes states, it changes shapes. It can be locked up in different places. Yeah. It can be transferred from one place to another via some natural ways like convection, conduction radiation. Yeah. And like I said, it can be stored in stuff like it can be stored in your body.


Right. Fat is potential energy that can be burned and used for energy to carry out work. Yeah. Which is all we're looking to do is work. That's right. We use energy to carry out work, whether it's digging a shovel or lighting a light bulb. That's what energy does. It produces work. Right. Yeah. Okay. We've figured out along the way that we don't have to wait around for radiation or convection or conduction to do its thing to provide energy because we'd have a lot of waiting to do. Yes. We wouldn't be in the computer age right now if it weren't for something called electricity. Yes. Which is basically how humans have figured out how to harness converting energy from one type of another and then transmitting it a very long distance.


Yeah. Because electricity isn't a primary energy source like the sun or solar radiation or nuclear energy, or even the flow of water, kinetic energy. No, it's created. Yeah. It's an, it's a secondary energy source. It's a carrier. That's Right. So electricity carries energy from one point to another. And If you understand that, you understand the very basis of what we're gonna talk about today. Yeah. Like we've figured out how to generate electricity to carry energy, to produce work down the line. That's right. That's my intro, which Is usually mechanical energy is what's produced right.


By a machine. Yeah. So think about this, like If you capture mechanical energy, like water spinning a turbine, which we'll talk about in Niagara Falls, that's not gonna do anything to light your light bulb 200 miles away. No, not by itself. No. Unless you connect the two you send the, the work produced, the energy captured in Niagara Falls down to your light bulb. And that's what we do using electricity. That's Right. Yeah. It's pretty simple actually. It seems complicated, but it's not. No. Just electrons moving around. Yeah. Let's talk about electrons, man. Let's talk about the atom.


Well, should we talk about the history of this stuff? Yes. Let's, Back in the olden days, in ancient times, there were dudes messing around with, with energy and static electricity without even knowing what they were doing. Right. They didn't understand it, but it doesn't mean that they weren't playing around with it. No. And getting zapped because they're messing with static electricity. That's right. Which, we'll explain all that later too. But there was one dude called Thais of Malitus. He was a philosopher in Greece and in 600 BC he is thought to have been the first dude to mess around with electrostatics static electricity by rubbing amber with fur.


And he noticed that dust and feathers and things were attracted to it. He didn't know what the heck was going on, but he knew something was up. Right. And the amber plays a pretty big role. It's actually Amber, the Latin, or I'm sorry, is it Greek? Greek, Greek word for amber is electron. Yeah. With a K. Yeah. That was like their little makes It look way heavy metal. Yeah. You know, but that's so like our, our word electricity is derived from the Greek word for amber from that first experiment with static electricity. Yeah. And it was actually coined by a dude named William Gilbert. He was an Englishman, a physician, and he was studying sort of the same things with static electricity that Malitus was.


And he was the first person to say it's electric. Yeah. When he saw these forces at work With an exclamation point in his finger in the air, he probably See it. Yeah. And we should probably, we should probably differentiate like static. There's a couple of types of electricity. There's static electricity and then there's current electricity. Right? Yeah. And current electricity is what we are able to generate artificially. Static electricity exists in nature just naturally. Yes. And that was the first experiments carried out. Then there's other types of current electricity like lightning. But at this time when these people are messing with electric or static electricity or saying it's electric for the first time.


Yeah. The concept of electricity was that it was fluid. Well, it It was fluid. He was on the right track. Something is flowing. But they thought it was literally a fluid. Right. Which they called, which in in those days it was called a humor. And he said it leaves what he called then an effluvium effluvium. Right. Which is atmosphere around it. When you create this rubbing action, it removes that fluid. Right. But it wasn't fluid. They were not dummies back then, but they were just figuring it all out. No, they weren't dummies because even Ben Franklin thought it was a fluid, it was the prevailing idea or concept of electricity.


And Ben Franklin and a couple of his contemporaries, including a, a guy named Thomas Francois Dalbar were studying electricity big time. And it was when they really investigated lightning that our understanding of current electricity started to take shape. Yeah. The old story of Ben Franklin flying his kite may or may not have happened. There are some people that think that didn't happen now, but If, if he didn't do it, other people did. There were, there were guys who died carrying out that experiment. Yeah. But the old, It was definitely carried out. I don't know if Ben Franklin did or not. Yeah, that's, that's sort of the story that he flew the kite with the, the key.


And some people think it either didn't go down like that or didn't go down with him at all. Right, right. But it's a great story either way. Yeah. And I think he at least proposed it, that the experiment. Well, yeah. And he was the first guy to say that electricity has a positive and negative charge and that it flows from positive to negative. So he's a smart guy. Very smart. He's a polyman. Then there was another smart dude named Klo, Charles Augustine de Klo, and he is the one that wrote OL's Law. And he said, charges like charges repel, opposite charges attract. And that's kind of like the basis for it all. Yeah. And the force of these charges is proportional to the, to their product.


So If you multiply the charges, they are going to be very strong or cancel one another out or push one another away. Yeah. He basically said, you can now calculate this. Right. Because of my handy dandy little law. Yeah. And with a boom, he said, boom, Not bang. Okay. That came earlier, Later on. A guy named JJ Thompson in 1897 said at a science conference, Hey, I found something smaller than the Adam. And everyone said, silly man, Adams are invisible. You can't, it even means invisible, You liar. And he said, no, I promise it's there's something smaller.


It's got a negative charge and I'm gonna call it a core puzzle. No, he didn't. Yeah. It's Latin for small bodies. And then I think, I don't know who later said, let's change it to electron. Yeah. It sounds way cooler. But the discovery of the electron was basically the, the birth of what we know as electricity today. Yeah. The understanding of the electron is what it's all about. And would you say like 1897? Yes. So before that time, I guess he didn't understand the electron, but he understood electricity. A guy named Michael Faraday was working on the case Stud. Yeah. Basically everybody's like Ben Franklin electricity hand in hand.


Really? It's Michael Faraday, who's British, who really came to lay the foundation for electrifying the world. He just, he created the first dynamo, which is a generator which we'll talk about he First electric motor. Yeah. Yeah. He just, he got electricity and he explained it to other people very well. Can you Even fathom how smart these people were to be that in the dark and figuring all this subatomic stuff out? Yeah. Back then none. It's hats off top hats off to these guys. Last chance garage hat off. Yeah. And back On, like I, I have trouble understanding it now, right.


When it's explained through like kids for science websites. I know. You know, We're not inventing this, figuring this stuff out for the first time even. Right. Exactly. Yeah. And it's a pretty dangerous field to try to figure out blind too, you know? Yeah. I mean, more than one scientist got a shock from a laden jar. Oh yeah. And you can make those, did you make those in science class? No. Yeah, you can make those. Well it was, it's a, we should say a laden jar is a very primitive capacitor. You use a metal rod in a jar like a nail that's sunk into like some water and it can store a charge. Yeah. And I think Ben Franklin's kite experiment attached the kite to, or a rod or something to a laden jar to store the charge too, if That happened.


Right. But again, he did make the proposal. It's whether or not he carried it out. Is that, that's good Questions. Alright. I guess now we can get to atoms. Finally. Atoms are very tiny and they make up molecules and molecules make up everything you see? Yeah. Adams are the building block of matter. That's right. And, and Adam, remember we're always talking about nature loves homeostasis. Oh man. Does it? Yes it does. You've got a balance that nature always seeks, tries To achieve It. Same with a atoms or atoms or no exception, I should say. Within an atom you have a nucleus which is made up of protons and neutrons.


Yeah. Protons are positively charged particles, neutrons are neutral and then orbiting that nucleus making the cool atoms symbol are electrons and they're negatively charged. That's right. And when you have an equal number of protons to electrons, you have a neutral atom. Yeah. There's no potential energy there. It's just in balance. Yeah. And a lot of stuff is like that. A lot of stuff is in balance. Some stuff is not. Well, some stuff falls outta balance easier than other stuff. Well yeah. The electrons, sometimes they're super tightly bound to the atom and they don't wanna leave the house.


Right. And they wanna stick around. Sometimes they're, they're crazy teenagers. And the slightest energy and movement makes them jump off from the atom and just say, I want to go attach myself to something else. They go on rum springer. Yeah. Sort of. Yeah. And it depends on the material and those types of material that have either tightly connected or loosely connected. Atoms either end up con conducting electricity very well or don't conduct electricity very well. So they act as either electrical conductors or electrical insulators. Yeah. Like If you pick up a stick off the ground, it's electrons like staying close to home.


So it's not gonna conduct electricity. If you pick up a metal rod, those electrons are crazy loose and they like to go off and do those things that teenage electrons do and therefore it does collect, conduct electricity. Right. Very well Under normal circumstances, when you pick up that rod or you pick up that stick, the electrons are staying put no matter what. But we figured out along the way, thanks to the work of all of the people from the Greeks to Faraday, to Ben Franklin to your guy with the core puzzle idea. Yeah. JJ was his name. Yeah. Jj. JJ core puzzle, I think it was Thompson.


So thanks to the work of all of these people, we figured out how to knock electrons loose. And it's ingenious and simple, but it's also very complex and it involves the relationship between magnetism and electricity.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/sy sk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anaba sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid simply slide right off Designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So Chuck, yes. We're talking about knocking electrons loose, which is ultimately the basis of producing electricity. Yeah. Like when you were a kid in elementary school, you probably did the little balloon trick where you make static electricity and make the balloon stick to your sweater. Right. All you're doing, you're rubbing that balloon on your sweater and electrons are jumping from that balloon onto your sweater. And now there are two different charges going on because you're overcharged the balloon is now undercharged and because opposite charges attract, it sticks to your sweater. Right. And that's static electricity And static, You know, you have static and dynamic. And dynamic indicates motion static indicates staying still.


And they use that to describe this type of electricity because the electrons don't flow, they just sit there and wait for a connection. Like when you touch something that's charged like a doorknob. Yeah. After you've shuffled with your feet in socks over carpet, when you touch that doorknob, you're forming that connection. Yeah. And all of a sudden the balance is achieved once more and the electrons flow. Like You're literally a conductor of electricity in that moment. Right. So with current electricity, those electrons move, they move along a conductive material. Yeah. Say like copper wire or something like that. That's a hot one. Right. So let's talk about how you produce an electrical current. Right.


Okay. Let's talk about generators and turbines and all that awesome stuff. It sounds like you need to generate that electricity with a generator. Right? I think that's what generators are called that, why they're called that. Yeah. It's funny just how basic some of these things are. Like you say a computer. Right. But, but you just, you've heard it so many times. You take it for granted, it loses its meaning. Exactly. It's like looking at a word too frequently. Yeah. I think, I think a lot of these words are like that. Like a generator or a core Puzzle Or a, or a, what's it called when they stop down the electricity, which we'll Get to transformer.


Yeah. It transforms something. Right. But you say them so much, you're like, what's a transformer do? Right. You know? Yeah. Anyway, I've been reading too much Science for Dummies, I think. Alright, so generators. Well I guess it all comes down to magnetism. Yes. In the case of generators. And If you wanna listen to two shows, lightning and Magnetism before this one, it might help you understand electricity a little bit more. Alright. So just go listen to those. We'll wait, do that Right now. We'll wait two hours. So what, what I think Faraday figured out was that because of this relationship between a magnet and electricity, you can take a magnet and you can move electrons in a say a conductor material.


You can knock the electrons loose, basically is using a magnet. Yeah. It's like what happens when you attract a paper clip to a magnet? It's just the transfer of electrons. Right. Jumping Around and you create a flow by flipping the polarity. And you can do this by rotating metal, right? Yeah. Say like a coiled copper within the two poles of a large magnet. And when you do this, you're reversing polarity all of a sudden. Yeah. And you are knocking the electrons loose in those coils. And the way that you spin the coils very quickly is by hooking the coils to say a shaft.


Yeah. We kinda did this backwards. Yeah. Let's start at the beginning. You want to, okay, sure. Let's go to Niagara Falls. Okay. Back in 1895, George Westinghouse, who is Nicola Tesla's boss who, which by the way, If you wanna listen to another really good podcast, go listen to that one. Yeah. Which the Nicola Tesla one. Yeah. Remember it was all about the ac dc war between Tesla and Edison. Yeah. It's good episode. Kill shocking animals to death. Yeah. It's pretty awful. What a jerk. But in 1895, George Westinghouse set up a hydroelectric power plant along the Niagara Falls. Yeah.


And what he did was he had a means of taking the movement of water, which is kinetic energy. The water at the top of the falls has potential energy. And then once it falls over, that potential turns to kinetic energy. Well, Westinghouse set up a turbine to catch this movement of water. Right. Which is actual energy. Yeah. And have that movement spin a turbine, a propeller or a fan. Yeah. It's the same concept as an old grist mill. Right. Except it's not creating energy, it's just moving the stones that grind the wheat or corn. Right. The grist mill is Yeah. In this case it's, it's capturing that energy. Yeah. By, or it's transferring it, we should say, by converting that kinetic energy from the water into mechanical energy spinning the, the turbine.


Yes. The turbine is connected to that shaft I was talking about where we suddenly changed course. And at the end of that shaft, which is now spinning thanks to the turbine, thanks to the movement of the water Yeah. Is some coiled copper. And that coiled copper is spinning within those two magnets. Yeah. That's The key. Right. And because of that, the electrons are being knocked loose. You have a power line leading from the coil copper out and all of a sudden you have an electric current. Yeah. And if you've ever been to the Hoover Dam or something, you don't have to have a waterfall or a river to make this thing work. If you, that's why they build dams. You stop up the water and then at the base of the dam you have the means to release that water and then it becomes that flowing water.


Right. And then also for thermal power plants, they use nuclear power to create a nuclear reaction to produce heat. Or they burn coal. Yeah. To produce heat. And then they use that heat to heat water and then they use that water to create steam. Yeah. And then that steam turns a turbine. And These are all just different methods, whether it's solar or steam or nu nuclear. I almost said it, which is weird 'cause I definitely don't say it that way. Well you, you were very excited. I think I said it enough as a joke Right. That it slips in. But anyway, all those are just means to turn that turbine. Right. And all it is is you are using that stored energy.


Yeah. Or that kinetic energy like over here to create electricity so that you can transfer it into work down the line. That's right. It's so cool. Yeah. And this article, we used a few different articles for this one, like we said, including some science for kids websites, which by the way, I highly recommend Yeah. If you don't get something Yeah. It's a great place to, to go visit. Are these kids' websites, 'cause they break it down like super simply. But in our article it, it describes a generator as if it was a water and a pump, which made a lot of sense to me. The generator is the pump, but instead of pushing water through a pipe, it's pushing electrons down a, a line.


Right. A power line. And that whole, like using water as an analogy for electricity fits very well. Yeah. But you need something to push it. It's not, it's not a self pusher. So you need that force and that force is voltage. Right? Yeah. It's same electromotive force, It's the same with water. Like you have water pressure that forces the water down the line. Right. And with electricity you have a, a force that moves electricity and it's voltage, like you said, measured in volts. Yeah. And the electrical current is measured in amps. And the amps represent the total number of electrons flowing through any one point of a circuit at any every second.


That's right. And there's a lot of 'em. And If you have voltage and you add that to current, which is amps, you get power, which is watts. Right. And so I Think it's multiplied by it. Oh really? Yeah, It is. Okay. I wasn't even thinking of it as a math formula, But it is, it is a math formula. And the reason why it's a math formula is because they're related. Like you can flip flop 'em, you can adjust them. And that's the whole basis of industrial power transmission that which we'll get to later. Yeah. And I know it sounds a little confusing with volts, amps and watts, but they're all different. Like If you said, you know, that guy was shocked and he had 120 volts coursing through his body.


That's not true at all. 'cause the volt is the force. Right. The amps he's got, he's got amps coursing through his body. Yeah. But you'd be a huge geek to point that out to someone if someone said that. And a good rule thumb, thumb is the higher the volts the more dangerous the shock. Yeah. Which is why in America, most outlets in homes are two are 120 volts. Where If you touch it, you're gonna feel it, but it's probably not gonna kill you. Yeah. In the United States it's one 20, but it's different in other countries. Right. Which is why like a European appliance can't be plugged into an American appliance because Yep. You gotta get those adapters. Yep. So you were talking about current, which is the number of electrons flowing through a circuit.


You have the volts, which is the force or pressure that's pushing them down the line. And then you have those two multiply by one another to create watts, which is power. Yeah. You also, there's one, there's another factor to electrical currents. Yeah. And that is resistance. Oh Yeah. We didn't talk about that. We acted like it was all either an insulator or a conductor. But you can be a resistor. Well, I mean everything, which means everything has a certain level of resistance. Yeah. But if you're an official reor, that means current moves. It just doesn't move like as fast as it might end metal. Right. Or not at all. Yeah. As in wood.


Yeah. Or glass is another good resistor. Insulator. Yeah. And so, so, so is rubber. Yes. But even something as like conductive as copper wire has a certain amount of resistance. And again, that water flowing analogy comes into place. Like If you pump like some water really, really hard Yes. Try to get a lot of water through a very small pipe, it's still not gonna come out very high, very fast because you're trying to force too much water through that, that little pipe. Right. So in the exact same way, a, a thin wire where you're trying to push a lot of amps through and a lot of volts through, it's going to resist.


And when you have, when you have resistance in an electrical circuit, you have what you lose some of those electrons that are flowing in the form of heat, which is produced by electrons bumping up against other atoms that aren't sharing their, their electrons. And that's the result of friction. Yeah. And resistance is measured in oms. Right. OHM. Should we talk about circuits? Yeah. Are we there? I Think so. So All this is well and good that's, You know, you can supply power and we'll talk about this more in detail too, to homes from a power plant. But you can also have a little battery supplying that electrical energy to a iPhone, let's say.


Right. And in that case, you need something called a circuit, which is basically just a, a closed loop that allows the electrons to travel. And in most electronics it's like, like you said, like copper wire maybe. And it travels from, you know, there's a switch that turns it on and off, which is why a circuit is called a circuit breaker. Like If you break that circuit by turning the switch off or if the wire like snaps or something, it's gonna, no more electrons are gonna be flowing. Right. Because there's the, and the reason they're not gonna be flowing any longer is because the positive pole and the negative pole from that circuit Yeah. Are no longer connected.


That's right. Another way to look at voltage is that it is the difference between electrons on one side and electrons on another side of a circuit. And remember we talked about nature always wanting balance. Yeah. Electrons flow from negative to positive, right? That's right. And as they flow, the reason they're flowing, the whole reason they're moving at all is because there are not as many electrons on the positive side as there are on the negative side. Yeah. So they wanna leave the negative side to go achieve balance on the positive side and ultimately make whatever circuit it's traveling neutral. Yeah. You stick something in that circuit and as, as electrons are moving from the negative side to the positive side.


'cause again, electricity is just the flow of electrons. Yeah. You can convert that movement into productive work. Yeah. Mechanical energy. Right. And anything you attach onto a circuit to exploit that flow of electrons for work is called a load. Yeah. It could be a light bulb or you know, whatever, whatever mechanical energy you're trying to create is your load. Right. And there's all sorts of things you can do by attaching a load to a circuit like a light bulb. A light bulb basically uses that electricity flow to flow into a resistant filament. Yeah. Very thin wire that purposely resists that flow of electricity generating heat and in turn heating up to produce light.


That's how a light bulb works. Yeah. You can also recharge batteries which go in and force electrons back into the negative position so that the battery's recharged and those electrons are ready to flow again once you connect the circuit. Yeah. There's also appliances that use resistors to produce heat like a hair dryer. Right. Or a, an a toaster. There's all sorts of stuff you you can do to connect into this circuit, but it's all the same, whether it's a battery or a toaster or a whole house, If you wanna look at it that way, it's you're plugging a load onto an electrical circuit and exploiting the flow of electrons. Yeah. And I kind of misspoke a minute ago when I said it.


It's creating the mechanical energy. You need a motor to actually do that. So yeah, If you have a electric drill, that's great that you have electrons flowing, but it's not gonna turn anything unless you have that motor. And electric motor is basically just a cylinder stuffed with magnets around the edge. And if you've ever used an electric drill and you fire it up, when you look and see in the vents, you can actually see sparks. It's Pretty cool. It's very cool. It's like those little guns you used to get at the circus when you were a kid. Yeah. God, I love those. So it's packed with those magnets around the edge and in the middle you've got your core, which is, you know, like an iron wire and it's wrapped around, you know, the, the copper's wrapped around the edges.


So electricity flows to that core creates magnetism and then that pushes against the outer cylinder and makes that motor spin around. And then that's where you get your mechanical energy. Right. And an electric motor is probably the best example of how you're converting energy from one form to another. Yeah. And then reconverting it because an electric motor is basically a generator in reverse. Yeah. And so you use that mechanical energy, the spinning of the turbine down the line and convert it in your electric drill. Yeah. Back into mechanical energy to spin, spin the drill. Yeah. And in between is that flow of electrons that's causing the whole thing or that's carrying that energy from point A to point B.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofa start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If Anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This Information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


There's one other thing. If you look at a plug that you're plugging an appliance into, 'cause again, you're just attaching a load to that flow of electrons and diverting it through your appliance and then it goes back on its merry way. Right. Yeah. If you look at a plug, sometimes you'll see three prongs and the the third prong, the one on the bottom Yeah. Seems different from the other ones. It's round. And that is actually a grounding wire. Yeah. Very important. Very, very important. Because as awesome as we've gotten with producing and directing electricity, we can't control the amount of electrons that flow through an outlet to down to a single electron. Right.


And so there's such a thing as leakage of electrons, which is crazy. And there's also electrical buildup that can happen where if you're not using all of the amps in through an appliance, the residual amps can build up and they charge the appliance. And again, as a static electricity, a charge is just sitting there waiting to be neutralized. Yeah. Sometimes through you, which can make it very dangerous. Yeah. To prevent this, they have, they connect the appliance through either that third prong and a plug or through an actual grounding wire to a copper wire that's driven into the ground.


Yeah. And that's where the word comes from. Ground. Yeah. You're actually transferring that residual electric, electric energy to the ground, which is basically an infinite reservoir. Yeah. For charge dispersal To earth. Yeah. So like when you look at a power line and you see that bare wire coming down from the power line and driven into the ground by a stake that is the ground and it goes down like six or 10 feet. Yeah. Or If you look at every house, you're gonna see near the meter, the electrical meter, you're gonna see a, probably a copper rod driven into the ground. Right. And that's your house's ground. Exactly.


Same thing with a, a lightning rod. It's a ground for your entire house so that the lightning doesn't go through your house, it goes through the lightning rod. And the point of all of those is that the earth is, it can take it, go ahead. Give it as many electrical shocks as you want, it's gonna be fine. So we think, and it's a very good, it's very good at just dispersing those charges. So that's what grounding comes from. Very important stuff. Yeah. And we mentioned transformers earlier. Power plants create massive amounts of electricity. Yeah. And you can't just shoot that down a power line and straight into a house because it will blow up everything in your, in your home.


Right. Immediately. Yeah. But they do need that kind of juice in order to transfer like hundreds of miles away from the power plant. You know, If you don't live close, it's still gotta get to you. Yeah. So the way they do that is through transformers. They transmit the power with a lot of voltage. So more force, less amperage, Less resistance, And less resistance, which Means you lose less. And then once it, you know, they stop it down along the way and by the time it gets to your home, it's transformed down to here in the United States, 120 volts. Yeah. Making It more elsewhere. Nice. Nice and safe. Right. And then you just plug your appliance into it and all of a sudden that electrical energy transmits to your toaster strudel being warmed.


Your hot pocket. Yeah. With tainted meats. Wow. Did you hear about that? Yeah. Ooh, remember that whole horse meat thing with Ikea the last couple years? It wasn't just Ikea, but they, they were definitely called out maybe most strongly for I think the hot pockets too. They called it unsound meat, which is just a word that sounds weird in front of meat. Yeah. Unsound. It's not, You don't wanna go near it. Unsound, unclean. It's biblical. Alright, so now I think we, even though we've covered it in the Tesla podcast, we do need to go over AC CDCA little bit. Seriously, go listen to that podcast. That's a great one. Best great Episode. Best Australian band of all time. They were good. Yeah. Yeah. Are good. David, are they still around? Yeah, man. David Bowie played a pretty mean Tesla.


No, I'm not talking about Tesla. I'm talking about AC DC. Oh, okay. Tesla's. All right. Sure. And they're not around. That's why I was really confused for a second. I was more confused about that than I was by any aspect of electricity. I'm like, yeah man. Of course they're around. Yeah. Everyone knows. Everyone's like, isn't there Australians? Yeah. No ac d C's. Great. Yes. And they're still around, huh? Yeah, they're, I think they're putting an album together Right now. Good for them. I'll bet it sounds exactly like all the rest, it's still rocks, Blues based rock In velure or velvet. Yes. So there was a battle being waged between Tesla and Edison and Tesla was all about the AC current, alternating current.


Edison, as we know, said, no, no, no, that's far too dangerous. And I'll prove this to you by electrocuting animals and dogs and cats and even an elephant named Topsy. Yeah. And And he was alleged to have helped botch the first electrocution by electric chair by a state. Oh yeah. I don't remember the details of that, but it's definitely in our, our episode on He Exploded the guy. Yeah. He was a real jerk, remember? Yeah. And I think we remembered, I remember talking about there should be a movie too about that. That battle. I, yeah. I can't believe there's not, it Sounds super nerdy, but it would actually be interesting It go over well these days. Agreed. So batteries these days use direct current power, DC power and that's means the positive and negative terminals are always positive and negative.


And it always, electricity always flows in the same direction From negative to positive. Yeah. It does not alternate. Yeah. Just think about it this way. Negative. An electron's negative. Yeah. So in any terminal, that's where all the negative charges is. Bad vibes. And then positive is where the electrons wanna be because they're seeking to balance it out and create neutral so that there's no poll. Good vibes. Yeah. Or at the very least, so So vibes. Yeah, True. But not negative vibes. No. And then you have alternating current or ac, which means the current reverses 60 times per second here in the us 50 times per second in Europe.


So it's just reversing back and forth, alternating that current. And I guess so who won out in the end? Tesla on a large scale? Well, yeah, I mean that's what Ed, the power generation does. Yeah. But Edison has his batteries I guess that he could throw at Tesla, Which are pretty important too. But yeah, I, I think we kinda came out in the same way on that episode. Like we're like Tesla won. They both kinda won. Yeah. But Tesla was the cooler dude. Although Tesla died penniless in New York in the 1940s. Oh yeah. And Edison died of rich fat guy. He died of consumption and gout. That was Ben Franklin. I guess we can finish with If, If you get your power bill and you're amazed and you wonder how they calculate this stuff, it's pretty easy.


Like we said here in the US, we deliver electricity into your home at 120 volts. So you gotta remember that one. Two, it's important. Our article uses space heater as an example, which I think is pretty good. You plug in that space heater. Let's say it's the only thing going in your house, which is not realistic, but go with me. You plug in the space heater and it comes out to 10 amps. So you multiply that 10 times 120 'cause that's your voltage and you have got 1200 watts of heat Or 1.2 kilowatts. Yes. Because that's how the power company is gonna measure it, right? 'cause they deal in big chunks.


And If you leave that heater on for an hour, you've just used 1.2 kilowatt hours, which is how your bill Yeah. And if they charge you a dime per kilowatt hour, it's gonna cost you 12 cents an hour to run that space heater. Right? Pretty simple. Yep. And neat. And that's why when you go to buy an appliance, you should look at that little tag that says how many kilowatt hours you're gonna be burning. That's Right. The lower the better. So electricity, huh? You got anything else? No. Don't play around with it. No, don't. Yes. Always wear rubber sold shoes Because rubber is an insulator. It is. And why? Because it hangs onto its electrons. That's right. The atoms that make up rubber.


It's just that simple. If you wanna know more about electricity, you can type that word in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. You can also go on all sorts of kids science sites and find out more about it too. And since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this rare birthday. Shout out. Hey guys, my name is Pearl and I just want to tell you how much a fan I am of your show. I was introduced to the podcast by my best friend, Molly. We've been best friends for 12 years and many of our conversations begin by commenting on the podcast. For example, we could not stop laughing at your 1920s voice toward the end of the Underground Tunnels episode.


We laughed over and over. That is a good voice. I think she's talking about this one. See That One? Yeah. Electricity. Tesla Edison Killing animals. All right. That was for you, Molly and Pearl. Whenever we're in the car together, we find a podcast of yours to listen to so we can enjoy it together. I was wondering If you could help her out. Molly's 26th birthday is April 9th, and I think it would be a totally awesome birthday gift If you would send her a shout out during listener mail. I would be forever in your debt. Thanks for doing the podcast. I'm a middle school teacher who always listens during my prep periods, and so happy birthday Molly. Happy 26th. This should be close. Yeah. Happy birthday to April 9th.


That was very nice of us, Chuck And thank you Pearl Webb in Chicago. And your friendship means a lot to us. Yeah. You know your friendship with one another. Yeah. And then conversely through us altogether in their car. Nice. Yeah. Well, If you want to get some sort of shout out sometimes Chuck Danes too. He's very nice. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA effects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA Member fd.


You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts.