
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our January, 2020 episode on The Tulsa Massacre. It's such a vile event that it left to stain that spread out of Tulsa and even out of Oklahoma to become a blemish on the history of the entire us. And it's a lesson in how important it is to talk about the past, even the worst of the past, to move forward to heal. It's also a lesson on how you just can't bury the past, no matter how hard you try. I hope you get a lot outta this episode. Welcome To. Stuff You. Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w. Chuck Bryan over there. There's Jerry over here. And, we have all come together in the year 2020 to wear our silver jumpsuits, as always. I know, Right? And talk about a buried, overlooked blemish in the history of the United States. Are we not gonna recount No. Anything about this past year or no. Talk about this being the first recording of the new year. Nope. All right. We've had a break here. I say No, I'm gonna, I'm gonna push forward.


We've been off for a couple of weeks, which was pretty glorious to not have to just overt text my brain, but it was also nice to get back in here into the stank of this room. This room. I don't think this room stinks. Well, right now it smells like your caramel vanilla frae. This is just black coffee. It just happens to be flavored black color. It's really, I mean, it smells great. It's, I think a green mountain or something. Caramel vanilla coffee pod. Man. It is super fragrant. Yeah, It's nice In a great way. It makes me, it smells like an ice cream sundae. It's pleasant.


It is very pleasant. But it's not doing the job. Like I'm still, I'm a little tired, a little groggy. You know, I had a four shot latte earlier. Oh yeah. And so I'm kind of Gotcha. Maybe that's what I need. I'm zippy. You can go downstairs to, I know you don't like to pay for coffee, but Yeah. Go downstairs to Spiller Park. Okay. Hugh Acheson's place A four shot latte. Yes. Okay. That, that has me going. Well, I give it about half hour before choke crashes everybody. Yeah. Seriously. Anyway, I'm glad to be back. Well, I'm glad you're back too. you know where I've been here the whole time waiting. This is where you spent Christmas and New Year's.


Yes. Both in this room And Thanksgiving. And I guess you, me and Momo slept over there in the corner. They Come to visit sometimes they say, please, please, come on. Please stop working. I say, I can't, They slide the food tray through the slot. you know where I got this idea, and I know you haven't watched it, but the Watchmen, I came across mention of that. Yeah. I was like, why is everybody talking about the Watchmen with The Tulsa Race Riot? Or more appropriately, why is everyone all of a sudden talking about The Tulsa massacre? Yeah. Yeah. Because the Watchmen really put it on the map in a big way. Yeah, That's great. Utilized it quite well in the storyline.


And I have a recommendation for everyone, even though it is a marketing piece. There's a thing in the Atlantic called the Massacre of Black Wall Street paid for by HBO, but it's a, it tells the story in comic book form In the Atlantic. Wow. It's very Cool. Very cool. And I didn't notice it was a marketing piece until afterward, but I'm like, eh, well, it's still good. Sure. As long as the content's good. Yeah. It's cool. And very well done. So this is like, it's great that the Watchmen have brought attention to this. Yeah. Because it wasn't until about 2001, maybe the late nineties, really, that people started talking about this.


I know. And this, this event that we're gonna talk about happened in 1921. Yeah. And almost the, the week after, basically the week after, everyone said, don't talk about this. Yeah. Just forget it ever happened where it's moving forward and we're gonna bury the past. Literally. Yeah. They buried people, the evidence, all this stuff. It was buried and people just acted like nothing happened in Tulsa, Oklahoma for like 80 years. And when you hear what we're about to talk about, it's astounding that the community, both black and white, agreed to just basically pretend this never happened, at least publicly or civically. Yeah.


And it's hard to find some of the, some information still on some of the key events, and definitely some of the key players, Because a lot of them died of old age. Yeah. And just without ever having been interviewed. Yeah. No follow ups. Like, I mean, we'll get to it, but a couple of the most key players is like, this is kind of all we know. Right. I looked them up too, and I was like, what do you mean you have no idea? Yeah. Even who this, this guy was let alone, you know, what became of him or what, what do you mean? Like, you just, no one kept track. Yeah. But that's how complete in total this coverup was. It was a coverup. Yeah. So let's talk about it. First, let's talk about Greenwood, which I was not familiar with, but Greenwood was a, an affluent, I guess almost suburb adjacent to Tulsa, just north of Tulsa.


And what was odd about the fact that it was affluent is that it was an all black community in, you know, the turn of the last century. And yet it was one of the most affluent communities in the entire United States. Yeah. I mean, now it's just part of Tulsa, like a neighborhood. But back then, just sort of like, my neighborhood would've been a suburb of Atlanta in the 1920s, even though I'm, you know, five miles from downtown. Right, exactly. But in 1921, it was, like you said, super affluent. They had a lot of, I think there were 10,000 black residents there. It's called the Black Wall Street, like I mentioned. Yeah. And 600 businesses. There were 15 African American millionaires living in this district.


Yeah. 15 black millionaires in 1921 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Yeah. And it, and it wasn't, I mean, like the whole area was very well to do. There was like indoor plumbing. The public schools there were like top notch. Yeah. And in many cases, Greenwood had a lot to boast about that. Like the white areas in Tulsa, just over the railroad tracks, literally on the other side of the tracks. Yeah. Didn't have like the, like this is far better off than some parts of white Tulsa. Yeah. Including one of the top African American surgeons, if not the top in the country, endorsed by the, the Dr. Mayo himself, The Mayo Brothers.


Yeah. This guy was Dr. AC Jackson, and he was one of the people murdered in this massacre. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say there was a spoiler, but I guess we've already kind of mentioned there's a massacre coming, right? Yeah. So just to take a step back even further, so it's a pretty impressive to think of, like, this is the Jim Crow era United States. Yes. This is, we're talking about, you know, the, the, this massacre took place in 1921. That's, you know, 50 years after the end of the Civil War. In, in many ways the Jim Crow era was just as bad as the antebellum's slavery era.


But, so the idea to us today, looking back at this time of, well, there's a black community in Oklahoma that was one of the most affluent areas in the country. It's kind of mind boggling. But If, you dig even deeper into how it was formed. It, it almost, you develop like a sense of pride in this, that these, these these people came together Yeah. Under these conditions. And not only like survived, but like thrived. Yeah. And created, like, carved out a place for themselves where like being black was celebrated and where you could be proud and you took pride Yeah. In your home, in, in your children, in your children's education and the, the healthcare that they were getting and the bus service and the businesses, the quality of the theater that you went to.


Yeah. The confection area, the, the soda fountain. Like that's where you went to go, like proposed marriage. Right. Like there was this incredibly developed community and the, the one of the ways that it was, that it was able to flourish and was able to kind of grow like this is because the first thing that, that Oklahoma did when it became a state, remember it was originally a territory for forced relocation of Native Americans. Right. And their African slaves Yeah. To this area. When it became a state, when the white settlers came in and said, no, we want this. Instead we're gonna take this territory we gave you away and turn it into a state. The first piece of legislation they passed was that black people have to stay in their own area.


They can't marry outside their race. Right. They can't frequent white owned businesses. They have to stay over here. And so the people of Greenwood say, fine with us, we're gonna pass a covenant that says you have to be a black person to own land here, or to even rent a place here. Yeah. To own a business here. There's a co it's a risk covenant restricted community. And we're gonna take a tremendous amount of pride in, in circulating our currency, our hard earned money that we're making by working for these white businesses that we're not allowed to patronize. Right. We're gonna go make our own businesses over here. Yeah. And we're going to support them with our, with our community. Not only because we can't spend our money elsewhere, but because we have a lot of pride in the businesses that we've built over here.


And so in this way, Greenwood flourished because of, and in spite of these Jim Crow era laws that that black people had to deal with in, in Oklahoma at the time. Yeah. And this was Dave Ruse helped put us, toge put this together. And some of the research he got was from the book, the Burning Colon Massacre Destruction and The Tulsa Race Riot of 1921 by Tim Madigan. And very astutely points out that this was, this happened in Oklahoma of course, but this kind of thing was happening all over the country, not just in the south or the, whatever you call Oklahoma, I guess the West Midwest. Yeah. But not Midwest.


I don't know. I think you just call it Oklahoma. It's Interesting, some people there identify with the south, but if you're from Georgia, Oklahoma, it's not the South. Might as well be, you know, Montana, I think of Oklahoma as like Native America. Yeah. Isn't that what it says on the license plate? Maybe it says middle of the country with a o with a little apostrophe. Right. And there's a picture of the mountain do logo on. But this was happening everywhere. There were in 1919, there were two dozen Race Riots in places like Chicago, Washington, DC St. Louis. And between the end of the Civil War and World War ii, there were more than 4,000 lynchings in the United States.


Right. Which is, you know, it's important to point that out because what, and we'll get into the story here, but a lynching is what was the aim of the white people of Oklahoma on this night. Right. but I have seen also, one of the reasons why I went to so much lengths to explain Greenwood. Yeah. In part was to, because to, to show what was lost here, but also to show there's a, there are a lot of people who consider this massacre to have been carried out or fueled in part by envy. Right. Because the people of Greenville were so much better off in some instances, and then the white people who were, you know Yeah.


Carrying out this massacre. Alright, maybe we should take a break. No. And then we'll come back. Oh man, we gotta start 2020 with an argument. Yeah. Over a break. Yeah, Let's do it. Alright, let's take a break. We'll come back and talk a little bit about the beginnings of what would end up being The Tulsa Massacre.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like, what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah. Well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's A whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your Homework@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated and investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Hey everybody, it's time to talk about Squarespace. Squarespace has absolutely everything you could possibly need to build whatever website you're trying to. You can host video content and organize your entire video library, plus showcase it on beautiful video pages. You can use analytics to grow your business and learn where your site visits and sales are coming from. What else? Chuck? Well, buddy If, you got merch, then you can sell it on Squarespace. You can easily sell custom merch and create a passive income stream that engages your audience and scales your brand design. Your products and production. Inventory and shipping are all handled for you. Saving you time and money. Yeah. And if your business is appointment based, you can accept appointments on your Squarespace website. You can offer online or in-person private sessions, workshops, and group classes. And Squarespace provides everything you need to manage your schedule except secure payments and send automatic reminders all in a beautifully showcased site. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you're gonna get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


All right. So we should talk about the key player here or players. And in this case it is Diamond Dick Roland, One of the greatest names I've ever heard in my Life. It's pretty good. Yeah. He was a shoeshine boy in Tulsa and by all accounts he was smart and he was a handsome young guy and he was sort of a, a man about town. He was popular with the ladies, Had the world on a string. Yeah, Pretty much. And that was a girl named Sarah Page who ran an elevator at the Drexel building a building that I have walked past with my own two feet. Oh wow. Right. And she was white. She was white and you know, Dick thought she was cute and he would go down there and basically kind of make up excuses to ride her elevator.


Okay. I saw something different than that. Oh yeah, I saw that he was on the elevator because he was, he could use the segregated bathroom on the top floor of the Drexel building only. So he had to ride up the elevator up and down. Okay. To, to get to the bathroom, the closest bathroom for him to be able to use. That's what I saw. So you're saying he didn't fancy Sarah Page at all? I Don't know. I don't know. but I also saw a different explanation for why he would've been on the elevator. Right. Is often as he supposedly was alright. Maybe it was both. Yeah. Maybe he went to the bathroom a little more often than he had to because he did think Sarah Page is cute. Who knows? I'm not saying they necessarily contradict each other. Sure. I'm just saying I've seen other explanations as well.


I gotcha. That I, that sounded very lawyerly for some reason, didn't it? Man? Maybe this is the new you in 2020 Matlock, Josh Clark, Esquire. Yeah. Espree. That's different than Esquire. So at any rate, we should probably also point out that, and you know, mixed race couples still get sideways looks in some parts of America today, but certainly in 1921 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the idea of a black man fancying a white woman was Even, even looking at a white woman. Yeah. It was not only untoward, but like a threat worthy of a lynching. Right. It was still that time in America where If, you made any advances.


That was sort of the biggest fear for some white men was black men coming in and taking quote unquote their women. Yeah. Which is characterized or popularized thanks to Birth of a Nation, which depicts the clan, you know, coming to the aid of white women who were about to be raped by maniacal black men who just couldn't, couldn't help themselves. They were just so in love with white women that they, they just had to rape. That was just what black guys did. That was the view of black guys at the time. Yeah. Right. That, that's just how it was. So to white people, you like, you, you kept an eye out for that. Like when you saw a black man and there was a white woman over there, you wanted to make sure that he wasn't going to, you know, rape her.


Yeah. That was the mentality that people were walking around with back then. Yeah. That movie was actually partially shot in my old neighborhood in la. You have a lot to do with this episode. Well, it's just weird to think about Birth of a Nation, you know, being shot in Los Phylis, which is this very like kind of hip community and on the east side of Hollywood. Sure. But anyway, on May 30th, 1921, Dick Roland went into that elevator to either flirt or use the restroom or both. Yeah. And what I saw was that the, it was well known that the third floor landing did not land flush with the threshold.


And supposedly this is why as the story goes, Dick Roland tripped when he was getting onto the elevator. Yeah. So maybe if that bathroom was on the third floor, that could make sense. I heard top floor, I don't know how many floors. The ducks don't Remember actually You, is it more than three? I don't Know. All right. I don't remember actually. I just, I don't Think they call a building the something building if it only has three floors. you know what I mean? You're probably right. That's like a eight plus floor like moniker. I think you're probably right. Okay. But. at any rate, he gets on the elevator as the story goes, stumbles getting on and kind of falls forward and grabs her arm, which was kind of the first thing that he could get ahold of.


Right. To keep from falling. Right. As the story goes, she started beating him over the head with her purse because I guess it's an old Looney Tunes cartoon. Right. And she didn't have a rolling pin. Sure. And the elevator opened on the ground floor. People see this sort of scuffle going on or what appears to be a scuffle. She ev allegedly cries out that she had been assaulted and people on the first floor call the police as dick flees on foot. Right. Just take takes off. Yeah. And you know, no one knows exactly how this all went down. No one even knows exactly who Diamond Dick Roland was Or Sarah Page. Yeah. For that matter all we isn't that bizarre.


Yeah. All we found out, what was that? She was an orphan. She could have been as young as 16. I've seen reports of 17 and was working to pay her way through business college. And that's What the The Tulsa Tribune reported like the day after. Yeah. And I saw that elsewhere, but I also saw like literally nothing else about her. Yeah. I couldn't find anything. And then Dick Roland, they think that he might have possibly been named Jimmy Jones. Right. I saw that too. And Who was raised by his grandparents, whose last name was Roland. So he took their name and there is a guy who would've matched his birthdate named Jimmy Jones that they found buried in, in Tulsa, but he died like two months before these events took place, so it couldn't have possibly been him.


Yeah. and there were a few years apart too, I think. Right. Oh, was it? Yeah. Okay. But it's, it's unbelievable that so much of this has lost to history. Yeah. These Two people Yeah. Who set the off this one of the, one of the most despicable events that it's ever taken place in this country's history. Just vanish almost after this point. It's just you, you guys played your role now? Yeah. Everyone else is going to step in. So Dick goes home, his mom, he, I guess he tells his mom what happened and she obviously was pretty scared right away. Yeah. 'cause she knew probably what this meant. But for that night, at least nothing really happened. The next day he goes out to meet up with some friends and The Tulsa police pull up and take him in basically on an assault charge.


Right. Which is, I don't know why they didn't go pick him up at home or whatever, but they, I also read somewhere that they had arrested him on the spot, but the what you're, you're recounting matches what I've seen most elsewhere. Right, Right. Yeah. But that's, that's history especially suppressed history. Right. One person writes it and then somebody else reports it and then Yeah. Enough people report it and then that's fact. Exactly. That's the story. But so either way he came into police custody. We know that is the way it, it is. And then this is like a white sheriff named William Sullivan, I think. Right. William McCullough McCullough. I was very close. Yeah. And when you're starting to read this story, you hear about this, you know, white mustache sheriff and immediately think, oh boy.


Right. This guy's in trouble. Well, This guy had replaced the last guy that he, he was trouble, right? Yeah. Who had allowed a, a white mob to, to take an arrested black man out of his custody and and lynch him. Oh, it says hero was a white person. Is that not true? I think that's wrong. Oh, okay. Either way, he'd let somebody Sure. Be lynched by an angry mob. Yeah. Which I thought for sure Sheriff McCullough was gonna do. But apparently McCullough was intent on kind of going by the book. He followed the heck Tate School of Sheriff. How do you know what that Means? From, from To Kill a Mockingbird. Oh, right, right. Which was, Hey, let's let the law play out.


Let's give him a stay in court. There will be no lynchings on my watch. Right. So he took, he took diamond dick up to a room on a upper floor, and the only way to get there was this one staircase. So he basically strategically hit him out, went down to this white crowd and said, there's not gonna be any lynching today like Chuck said. The thing is, we've left out a really important point here. Yeah. Like why was there a white crowd to begin with? Right. Yeah. There is a newspaper that was called The Tulsa Tribune, that ran an article about Sarah Page being assaulted. This is a news article and the headline for said news article was Nab Negro for attacking Girl in Elevator.


Not People might Nab Negro for attacking Girl in Elevator, police Worried White Mob might nab it's nab. Like, go do this. Yes. That was the headline for the article. The editorial took it even a a a step further. And this is the day after this event took place. Yeah. The editorial was to Lynch Negro Tonight Night. And I gotta say, whoever's writing these headlines, it's inflammatory of course, but they also don't make much sense. Oh Yeah. They're of poor construction. They're very poor construction. And I went to try and find the, the microfilm of this, and I think the first one is available but blurry.


The second one, the only copy of that paper they have is a front page with an article cut out that scanned in and everyone's like, it must have, this must have been that editorial. Sure. but I, I literally couldn't find any, you know, because I was kind of curious to read just how poor of a writer this person was. Right. And get, you know, probably what would not have been accurate details. No, no. So no, they, I mean they basically reported in the first one in the actual article that her, her to her clothes had been torn at Yeah. Not true. They they really characterize it like he attacked Her like a sexual assault.


Right, exactly. And then the second one is just basically like an all out editorial calling for Dick Rowland's lynching. Yeah. This is in the paper. So the, the local newspaper has inflamed the, the white citizenry into basically calling them to action to go do something about this. And they all show up at the courthouse to, to demand that Sheriff McCullough hand over Dick Roland to them so they can go lynch him. And he says, yeah, no, back off. No, but so before, but I think he tells him like, no, I'm not, I'm not doing that. Like you said, but before the crowd disperses, a second group comes and it's actually a group of World War I veterans from Greenwood who had found out that that, that this white mob was going to lynch Dick Roland.


And they were like, no, no, they're not. We're going to go see to it. That doesn't happen. Yeah. I mean, there were hundreds of WW one veterans, black veterans in Greenwood. They were people who fought for this country, and it's sort of that familiar despicable story. Shed blood on European soil, come back home to America, and you're still a second class citizen. They had petitioned to, and this is just sort of a sidebar, they had petitioned to walk in the Memorial Day parade for many years and were always refused. And May 30th was Memorial Day. And that that same year, they had once again said, can we participate in the Memorial Day parade as veterans?


And they say, no, we're only gonna honor the white veterans. No, I think they, they wanted to be integrated in the parade with the white veterans just as World War I veterans marching together. And they said, no whites only you can march by yourselves. Oh, really? And when they did march, they were taunted and jeered at Oh, gotcha. By the people who are watching the parade. So these are the people that got guns and came down there and said, not on our watch. We're not gonna let this happen. And it kind of plays out as a film, you know, from the sounds of it is like, these cars pull in and part the crowd and these black veterans get out with their guns and they're like, no, you're not taking this, this kid, this is not gonna happen. Right.


So apparently Sheriff McCullough was able to, to convince the Greenwood World War I veterans who'd showed up that he wasn't going to hand over Dick Roland, that he's going to protect Dick Roland. And they should probably just go, he's gonna get rid of this white crowd too. But don't worry, I'm, I'm not like the old sheriff. Yeah. And there's About 75 armed men. Yeah. And I just to Drive it home, like how many people I Read that they were, I saw thousands somewhere Of white people, of White people at the courthouse. Like it was just this calling for a lynching. Yeah, it Was, it was. They were heavily outmanned. Yeah. And, but, and, but 75, these 75 black veterans showed up in the midst of this.


Let's even say it's just a thousand, let's even say it's like 500 people calling for a lynching. Yeah. And your 75 black men showing up armed saying like, no, it's not happening. Just pretty courageous stuff. Right. Yeah. So before they can leave or as they're leaving, it's actually not clear what, what this event's name gets its name from happens what you would call a race riot. Yeah. I mean, it, it, it looked like it might have been on the way to being a, a scene that the sheriff managed successfully. They might've been on the way out that white crowd might've dispersed if not for this one incident. And even, even if we did know, you know, just beat by beat the history of this, you still wouldn't be able to say Sure.


What would've happened. Yeah, exactly. But that is a possible outcome. There was a, there was a, an older white man who demanded that one of these black veterans give him his gun. And the black veteran said, no, I'm not gonna do that. And the old white man went to go grab it and the gun went off and both sides just started shooting at one another. Yeah. That's what triggered it. It was chaos. There was a hail of bullets. People of on both sides just started, you know, dropping dead from, from the bullets flying. And it became a full on war scene, basically for the next couple of days.


Right. Okay. So at that point, the, the black veterans are like, we really should get outta here. Yeah. They leave Toward Greenwood. Toward Greenwood. Yeah. I mean, which is their home. They're going back to their homes and along the way some of them like kind of drop back and like stake out positions Yeah. And start sniping at the, the white rioters who are coming after them. And at that point they, they go further back into Greenwood. And by this time it's like the early morning hours of, I believe June 1st. Right. I don't think it was the early morning at that point.


Oh, it was like midnight, I mean like midnight one, something like That. Yeah. Yeah. It's during the nighttime and this is when the white people started breaking into the hardware stores and looting businesses to get weapons. Yeah. Because here's the thing, so that's Sheriff McCullough, who you're kind of like, oh, okay. As far as like this whole story goes, that's not so bad. Like he, he at least tried. Now the moment this race riot happened and the black veterans took off back for Greenwood, he started deputizing white rioters. Yeah. Handing out guns and ammunition and basically saying, go get 'em, go get those guys. Yeah. And rather than saying like, this is not your job, this is my responsibility, y'all go home, I'm going to go handle this.


He enlisted the help of these people who were involved in this riot on the white side. Yeah. And at that point, any semblance of what you would call a race riot ended and what became a, a revenge massacre. Yeah. Just started. So at, so people call this The Tulsa race riot, and I think maybe a 10th of it qualifies as a race riot and the rest it just should be called The Tulsa massacre. Yeah. So what happens is, like you said, some of these veterans get staked out in strategic positions on rooftops and behind houses, behind cars. The, the white army, for lack of a better word, is advancing into Greenwood.


They start setting fires at these strategic locations to flush out these snipers, and then they just start burning everything basically. Right. Setting fire to every house and every business to burn down Greenwood. Well, I think also about, for about the five or about four or five hours from the time where they managed to flush the snipers out until about five in the morning, they were quietly taking up positions inside Greenwood. And then a whistle blew at about 5:00 AM and all of them just came out from their positions and then they just went berserk on. It was a charge a full on like military charge, A coordinated assault on Greenwood.


And so this assault involved driving people outta their homes at gunpoint any resistance that people were shot on site. Yep. Apparently there were people who were shot who weren't offering resistance. There was a story about an elderly couple who were kneeling in their house praying, and they were both executed by these white mobsters Yeah. In their homes. People were burned alive. Yeah. Houses and people doused with kerosene and burned alive. Right. It was another story of a, a blind beggar who was tied to a car and dragged through the streets. I mean, it was, it was just bedlam. And watchmen actually gets pretty graphic in how they depict this, even though it's an alternate history show.


Just like the movie in the, in the graphic novel war. They, I think they did pretty decent justice. They didn't follow the origin story of how it started, but it just plays heavily into the plot line. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Should we take another break? Sure. Alright, let's take another break and we'll tell you what happened from here.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey, friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like, what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah. Well, now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your Homework@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. How many times a day do you compare yourself to others or wish your life looked like someone else's? Everyone does it sometimes because it's easy to envy friends' lives on social media when you only see the good parts. But you know what they say? Comparison is the thief of joy and In reality. Nobody has it all together. Online therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. Like that career goal you've set your sights on or that relationship you wanna grow or that daily habit you wanna get into. Because your best life is always better than the idea of someone else's. BetterHelp makes therapy more accessible and less overwhelming with affordable online sessions that you can do anytime, anywhere. That's why over 4 million people have used it for mental health support. So stop comparing and start living with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash stuff today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/stuff.


Okay. So we actually took a commercial break in the midst of a massacre. So the the, the thing is like people are being driven outta their houses and shot in some cases, but more often than not, they're being like just flushed out. But no house, no building, no business, no nothing was spared their, the intent of these, these white terrorists, there's really no other name for 'em, was to burn down Greenwood. Yeah. The firefighters were kept at bay. Yeah. They said, do not come in here. Yeah. Like the the the rioters will kill you. Yeah. If. you just stay away. They burned Greenwood to the ground.


35 blocks. 35 blocks. Do you know how many blocks that is? That's Like, it's a Lot of blocks. Think about how many blocks is 35 blocks and then add like 10 because I guarantee your conception is less than actually 35 blocks. That is a lot of blocks of buildings burned to the ground. People killed in their front yards, including Dr. Andrew C. Jackson. The, the famous surgeon shot like a dog in his own front yard in the chest. There's a picture of Him. 1200 homes, churches, schools, hospital, library. I think I mentioned there were 600 businesses total. Right. They were all torched. Just torched. There were six people who owned airplanes. They were that wealthy in Greenwood.


Yeah. Their airplanes were stolen by the rioters and used to drop bombs. Yeah. Dynamite, nitroglycerin, fire. And then there was also accusations, the National Guard was helping coordinate this too. Yeah. The National Guard was called in. And when they got there, by all accounts they did not to try and help quell the riot, they more acted as helping to arrest black men. Well, That's just historical fact. Oh yeah. They were, they were bringing in, I mean they were killing people for sure, but they were also arresting black men. The women and children fled, I think 6,000 people were arrested and the women and children fled toward the woods, basically.


Right. Like leaving behind everything they owned who Were homeless. There was, there was 10,000 people who lived in Greenwood at the time. And after this one night, this orgy of like violence there, there, there were like 9,000 left. Homeless and hundreds dead. Yeah. And apparently back to the National Guard, they said that they brought in planes just to spot fires and coordinate ground security. But there are reports from people there that said that no, they were actually shooting at people right on the ground. Say that, that's a rumor. Yeah. Even setting that aside, the National Guard didn't come in and quell anything. They just started arresting and detaining the victims of this massacre.


That was the role that they played in this, in this situation. That's right. So the whole thing culminates with, I mean, in the end it's really hard to get the amount of people killed. I think the official report says 35 black people. It it's certainly way more than that. I've seen all the way up to 300. That's, that's what I saw as almost across the board as 300. Yeah. It, that again might be one of those things that everyone just sort of settled on a, on a number, but it was not 35 people to be Sure. No, no, definitely not. And so like as the, the sun comes up the day after, I think June 1st, Greenwood's burned to the ground.


There's people hiding in the woods. Thousands and thousands of former affluent residents of this black community homeless are now homeless. Yeah. Well no, they're not homeless because the National Guard has very kindly put them in detention centers at the fairgrounds at Their, that doesn't qualify as a home. Right. That's my point. Yeah. Is that it's not a home. Yeah. Right. They're kept detained at the fairgrounds for months. I saw that in some cases, most of them had to endure the winter. This happened in May. Yeah. These people were still, a lot of them kept in detention camps at the fairgrounds through the winter. Yeah. Tulsa winters and summers are both tough. They were kept in detention camps because white rioters burned their town to the ground.


Yeah. And This was in June, so Right. So did the math. Right. So yeah, it was June, I guess it was the end of May. So the way that you got out of these detention centers was your white employer came and vouched for you and said, this person works for me. I need him back. Yeah. Please let him go. That's how you got out. Yeah. So in the aftermath, no one was arrested. There were no prosecutions. No, no. I'm sorry Chuck. There was a grand jury that was sat or convened. They indicted 20 people. All of them were black. Well, none were white. Yeah, that's I meant on the white side. Okay. There were, in today's dollars between 50 and a hundred million dollars worth of damage everywhere. I look said the only organization that really helped and they really helped was the American Red Cross.


Yeah. Super brave. And did a whole lot. And I also saw where, you know, it wasn't the entire city of Tulsa, apparently there were some white communities that reached out in the aftermath, of course to help with the recovery efforts to take people in. Yeah. So we don't wanna paint the entire town as doing the wrong thing. Apparently some people did step up. Sure. I mean, just nothing is that literally black and white. Yeah. you know, like there's always shades of gray in that situation in any situation. Yeah. But Greenwood came back, they, it's probably not a surprise, but the insurance companies had it classified very quickly as a riot instead of just a violent massacre.


'cause that mean they wouldn't have to compensate people for their homes being, and businesses being burned to the ground. Right. Because if they were rioting, then they were culpable for that damage and the insurance company wouldn't have to Exactly. Just despicable. Yep. So also despicable, the county commission said, no, we're not accepting any outside donations. We'll take care of our own. And then didn't didn't follow through on that at all. So there were no funds paid to the Greenwood people and People were trying to Right. Yeah. As reparations or to even help them rebuild. And the county commission, I guess, proposed at one point that they would handle this by buying the land for like a fraction of its market value and then auctioning it off to the highest bidder.


That was one proposal that'll That old scam. And They also said, well, you know what, just to make sure that this doesn't happen again, we're gonna establish a new building code for Greenwood. No building can be rebuilt unless it's built with fireproof bricks. And then they went to the fireproof brick producers and said, do not sell Yeah. Any materials to the black people of Greenwood. So despite this, they managed to rebuild in about five years. Yeah. Astoundingly, the people whose houses in town was burned to the ground, came back and rebuilt. And from just about everything I read, Greenwood was actually better, more prosperous and more affluent from the, the second time around.


Yeah. Than it was even the first. And it was pretty affluent the first time. And Chuck, we said like hundreds of people were, were killed, right? Yes. So get this funerals were forbidden. Like you weren't allowed to have a funeral. That's how, how, how covered up this thing became. Yeah. And one of the reasons we'll never know how many people were killed is because the, the people who were killed were taken off and dumped in the river or stashed in coal mines or buried in mass unmarked graves. Well they think they found two of those like a month ago. Yeah. There were archeologists in Tulsa, and this was from Time Magazine from Jasmine Aguilera.


They have identified two sites that they thought were, that they think now are mass graves. And they've been looking since I think 2001 because they knew people, you know, there were reports of mass graves. And so archeologists have been looking and in 2018 they started like a legit investigation and they think that they have found one, at least one, maybe two of these sites. But even like, Which is in a cemetery, ironically. Yeah, I saw that. But even this whole thing is like fairly new. It wasn't like until the late nineties that people even started talking about this. Right. Yeah. 1997 was when the state of Oklahoma introduced a bill.


And this was after just not talking about it. No. In the black community they would talk about it and stories and whispers. The white community just buried it and the state of Oklahoma just didn't acknowledge it. Yeah. The last thing I saw about it was The Tulsa Tribune ran another editorial on like June 4th a few days after basically saying like, Lynching failed. Thank you No, they said Thank you to the police and all the white citizens who cleaned up Tulsa by getting rid of Greenwood. It was, it's actually way worse than what I just depicted, but I couldn't possibly bring myself to, to read it verbatim. Yeah. It's just Vile. Yeah. What it says, it's really bad.


But in 97 is when they introduced a bill for reparations and creation of The Tulsa Race Riot commission. And that report was released in 2001 and it did hold police and public officials to blame, but it didn't do anything. Basically. There were no reparations. Yeah. As for Dick Roland, the case was the actual case. Remember the case of the assault that was dismissed in September. Apparently Sarah Page didn't wanna press forward with charges and she's lost the time. He supposedly immediately moved to Kansas City maybe. And no one else really knows anything else about him. Huh. That's just so surprising.


Yeah. you know, And if not for the Watchmen coming out, this might still be a fairly buried story outside of Oklahoma. Yeah, right. It's really brought a lot of attention to It. Yeah. And good for them for doing that. Yeah. So one of the things that I saw about Greenwood itself is that it kept prospering and flourishing for decades after this until about the sixties. And one of the reasons I saw that explained why not just Greenwood, but a lot of black areas started to decline in the sixties, was a byproduct of integration was that you could, as a black person in America, spend your black dollar at a white owned business now. Right. And like they don't, they didn't teach us that in public school.


Yeah. Like that. This was a byproduct of it. But as a result, these, these black owned businesses started to decline more and more and more. And so Greenwood wasn't as prosperous as it was before, but the death below the death below is that, remember in our interstates episode where in a lot of the poorer areas, a lot of the areas of color that, that's where they built the highways. Oh, I saw that. Actually. They built I 2 44. Yep. Right through Greenwood. Yeah. Tulsa's an interesting place. It's been a few weeks there. Yeah. A few years ago. Yeah. And it's, it's interesting 'cause it's got this old oil money. Yeah. Neighborhoods.


Yeah. Some of the most like amazing estates and houses I've ever seen. It's got some very poor communities, a lot of meth problems. Yeah. It's an interesting place. Sounds like it. Yeah. Well that's Tulsa for you. And you know what? I spent a few weeks there in this neighborhood and I didn't know anything about it. I didn't, maybe there is a memorial or something, but I didn't notice it. I'm not saying there isn't one, but I didn't see it. So you know Desmond Tutu Sure. Who helped bring about just the, the change over from apartheid to reconciliation. Yeah. I love his work. He came, yeah, big fan. He came to to Tulsa and basically said, you guys are sitting on a power cake here.


Like when Was this? Not very long ago. I think maybe in the nineties. Maybe even in the two thousands. Just basically saying like you can't, how could you possibly heal when you still have bodies in unmarked graves? Yeah. And like no one's talking about this still. I believe there is a park that they found, like a reconciliation park or something like that. But it sounds like there's still a ways to go. Yeah. Wouldn't it be ironic that it was Watchman that basically is forcing this issue to be discussed? It'd be pretty ironic. Yeah. The power of comic books. Right? Well, not even tv, I guess, Of graphic novels. Yes. So If, you wanna know more about the Tulsa Massacre, also known as The Tulsa Race Riot of 1921.


There's a lot for you to go read, thankfully. And you should just type that into your favorite search bar since I said that. It's time for Listener Mail. Hey guys, this email is mostly for Chuck. I need to get something off my chest and clear some things up about my involvement with your pronunciation of Carrie Elwise. Elvis. Elvis. Sometime over the summer I made a comment in the corrections corner thread of Movie Crush on the Facebook page where you were pronouncing Carrie Elwise Elwise. I posted, I had read on a Reddit a MA, his name sounds like Elvis, but what I meant to say was it rhymes with Elvis. Is that why you said carry Elvis?


Like on the Yeah, It's 'cause of Eli. Way to go. Eli. He says this, when I finally heard my name pop up in the podcast, I was thrilled and couldn't wait to hear your reaction. Not only did my comment get understandably misunderstood, but I've heard you referenced the comment two or three times now and continue to correct yourself saying Elvis, most recently on the Andre, the Giant Live episode, parenthetical Josh said it right. I tried to issue another, I tried to issue another comment immediately afterward to clear the air, but it was too late. You discontinued Corrections Corner. I did. I was gonna do that on Movie Crush and it just became like you said this wrong and your inflection and I was like, you said Kubrick was great.


He was very great. Yeah, I was a minute as like movie corrections, but you know how it goes. So I just said, no more of this. You don't understand how something like this, something as small has been tearing me apart inside. Every time I hear you reference it, there's one thing worse than giving someone bad information, it's having them proliferate that information out in the world, in this case to millions of, well, not millions of people. Trillions. I just wanna apologize officially for correcting you on something so silly and any way you want to say the name is fine by me, as long as it's, what do you say, El Elis Elis. I think Elis Thanks for the decade. I don't know now. Eli's gotten in my head too. Thanks For the decade of great content. I'll see you both in January and Seattle for my third live show.


Nice. All the best, Eli. It's Eli's third live show birthday And I think it's pronounced Eli. Oh, it could be. Ellie could be. Yeah. We're just gonna go with Eli though. Okay. I think Ellie's, E-L-L-I-E. It could be. I think Ellie Golding is something different than that, isn't it? Mm. I Don't know who is that or does she pronounce her name? Eli? I don't know who that is. You do too. You've heard her pop songs before when you're working out. Okay, If, you wanna get in touch with us like Eli did, to let us know we're saying something wrong because of you. Well, you can get in touch with us by going on to Stuff You Should Know dot com and you can also send us an email.


Send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.