
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


With no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast. And with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision? That's banking reimagined. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na Member FDIC.


Hi everybody, it's your friendly neighborhood co-host Charles w Chuck Bryant. Here we're gonna take you back in time to January 14th, 2016 when we spoke at length about caffeine and the ups, literally and the downs. Literally. It's called The. Duality of Caffeine. I hope you enjoy over your cup of coffee. Welcome To Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast.


I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w. Chuck Bryant. Jerry's over there totally throwing us off with some new as usual pocus. Pocus. Yeah. 2016 head stuff. What? Yeah. Yeah. She's messing with it. So we, you guys don't know this 'cause through the power of the magic of editing And publishing And publishing, you think we've just never been gone. Right. From the office. Yeah. But We've been Gone. I have no idea what episodes we released. I've been so out of it. Yeah. I took six weeks of paternity leave. Woo. And I did by proxy. And you did by proxy. Yeah. So we've been gone from the studio for a while and just wanted to say it's glad to be back buddy.


Yeah, it is nice to be back, buddy. And It's good to see you again. Yeah. It's been a long time. I, what's happened in the, in the meantime, I lost another tooth. Yeah. My stupid front, the, the tooth next to the one that came out broke off at a Falcons game. Oh, well there you go. God was cursing you for being at the Falcons Game. So I have another stupid flipper and another eight months of Eight months. Really? Yeah. Until I get the permanent implant. So again, I'll be out on tour with no tooth. You can't even see it. Not for the most part. Like, you have to literally like pull your gums back or your lips back to your gums. Or if I laugh a lot, which I'm trying to just lead a more somber life.


Well, I plan on making you laugh a lot on stage so people might see it then What else? Ha. You got a dog? Yeah, we got a puppy named Momo. You wanna talk about Momo? Momo is very sweet. She's a sweet little shi zu poodle mixture. Yeah. How's that going? She's a little fluff ball. Very good. How she's trained or sharp? Yes. Good. Right off the bat, we, we crate trained her. Yeah. And at first I was like, crates are mean. No they're not mean. We should put a dog in crate. And then I started to read up on it. They love it. And it's like, yes. It's like her den. It's her little room. Yeah. Like her bedroom. In fact, when we took away the crate from our youngest dog, Charlie Yeah. Because of we needed a, a breakfast nook. She was kinda like, dude, you took my room away. Yeah. That was my room.


Yeah. We plan to keep her crate around like as long as she wants it. Sure. But just, she won't be penned in it against her will at certain times until Yeah. Until she's housebroken. Which I, I mean she's basically there. It's just we're we're like, what are you doing? You're about to pee. you know? Right, right. She doesn't actually have accidents in the house. We're just, you know, staying on top of it. That's Great. What else happened? We had holidays. Yes. Good Christmas in New Year's I guess. Yeah. Yu Me's birthday. Oh yeah. Of course. She had her birthday. Yeah. And it was just a nice time off. Like I had this big to-do list. Yeah. And none of it got done 'cause it was raising a puppy. Replaced that.


Yeah. How's your kid? Ruby's great man. And I did the same thing. I had a big to-do list and found myself just kind of being like, I could do this or I could just like play with my kid. Right. Or Watch Making a Murderer. Yeah. I did watch all that. Did you? Sure. Same here. Yeah. In like a day. We'll talk about that. Okay. We probably shouldn't talk about it. People Want us to do a podcast on that. I know. Like a follow up. Maybe It's not as bad as the request to do a podcast on the, the case that serial covered. I'm like, I think Serial got that one Covered. I'm not. No, No, of course not. Definitely Not. I could maybe do a follow up on Making Over Mortar. I think we should revisit Exonerations in the Innocence Project again, because when we did that one we had no idea what was going on.


Yeah. And now it's really like, it's really coming through. True. So yes. Let's do that. What El Oh, I've been playing a lot of, I got a PS four. Oh Yeah. I've been playing Fallout four With the dog and there Dog companion. And there, well you can have a dog companion, so of course I chose it. Okay. But it's really awful 'cause the dog gets hurt a lot and like struggles around whimpering and bleeding. Do you have to put it out of its misery ever? Well now you can heal the dog. but I, I went to message boards and everyone's like, don't heal your dog. Like, just trust me. It'll heal itself. Don't waste your medicine. Oh, Okay. Yeah. I'm sure you waste your medicine every time, don't you? Well it, yeah. It's tough to hear the fake dog whimper. Sure it is. Yeah.


And it's like, I'll be okay. Yeah. Don't Mind me Dog meat. That's his name. So that's a, that was a big time off. Yes. That we just covered. That Was nice, man. It was. And that's all that happened. Jerry, how about you? That was great, Jerry. I'm glad you had a nice time as well. Jerry also had a nice break with her little baby. Inez. She told us this. Yes. Through a series of blinks she did. That we've worked out over the years. Yep. Nice job. All right. So sorry about the long intro, but I, I felt like we needed to catch everyone up even though you didn't know that you needed it. Right. And maybe it has something to do with caffeine Because we did such a good job when we recorded those ones that we released over the break of predicting things we would be talking about at the time.


True. Yeah. Who could tell? Exactly. So I'm a little caffeinated right now, believe it or not. What a shock. I don't drink nearly as much coffee as I used to. Yeah. It's 'cause I really realize, like it really does have a detrimental effect on like my mood. Oh Really? Stay in the car. Car's a really good Oh, sure. Example of me and caffeine. You're a little ramped up in the car anyway, so that probably didn't help. Right. Well I'm working on that. Yeah. But part of working on that is just, you know, not drinking as much coffee. Yeah. I think a, a good title for this could be mixed messages because Yeah. In studying caffeine And, we did one on coffee. Right. So we dabbled in this a little bit, but all the research is, you know, caffeine, it can be really good for you and help a lot of things and caffeine can be kind of bad for you.


Right. And it's kind of both or can be both. It sure seems like that unless we have like a completely misunderstood model of addiction. Yeah. And the parasympathetic or sympathetic nervous system. Yeah. Unless we don't know those things. Yeah. Then yeah, coffee is both for sure. The weird thing is like everybody realizes that coffee, or I'm sorry, caffeine. I think I'm probably gonna do that a lot this episode. Yeah. Because they're virtually interchangeable. Sure. But it's not really. No, but caffeine, it, it, it it is, it has a lot of really bad effects on you. And a lot of people know that just from having experienced it. You're right. It's the, it's the beneficial effects that are so surprising.


Yeah. But they do seem to, like you say, Agreed. So Chuck, I drink today, I've had five cups of coffee and a mount diet Mountain Dew And it is one 40 in the afternoon. Right. What time did you get up? Seven, seven, eight, nine ten nine twelve. Yes. I'm counting on my fingers. Got six and a half hours out loud. You six and a half hours. You've had five cups of coffee in a mountain dew. Right. And that's cutting back. Yes. Oh man. Yeah. And it's cutting back because I like this afternoon. I won't keep going. Oh, so you stop. This is, this will be my last probably Really? For the day. Yeah.


Oh, okay. And I'm actually a, I'm above average for the United States and I, I could've guessed that. Yeah. But the, the average for the United States is actually on the Ws end of the spectrum as far as like caffeine consumption goes. Yeah. I look, the latest information I got is that the US was 16th in the world in per capita consumption. Yeah. Not even 10th or ninth or any, anywhere above 10th. No, no. 16th. Yeah. If, you wanna know who leads the world right now. It, I think it's the Netherlands is what I found. I found Finland. Oh really? From 2013. That was the most recent I saw.


Well the most recent I saw said the Netherlands at 2.4 with Finland at 1.8. But Really that is not what I saw. Really? Yeah. Where were the Netherlands on your list? I don't remember. I just saw the, at Finland was number one at like 2.4. Oh wow. And like 9.6 kilograms of coffee beans per person per year consumed. Well I bet the top 10 is kind of interchangeable and fairly static though. Sure. As in the sameish countries. Yeah. In different orders. Yeah. Because I mean coffee consumption patterns, I, I guess they could change fairly rapidly, but they don't change in the blink of an eye. Well think about how much Starbucks changed coffee consumption in this country.


Did it ramp it up? Oh yeah. Like think about how many people now swing by Starbucks at like 3:00 PM whereas before they may not even have drank coffee. Yeah. Don't you mean Starbucks? Yeah. Yeah. I actually have no skin in the game. I like Starbucks. Yeah. I don't, I don't really, well you know me. I don't drink caffeine that much. No, I know you're very mellow. Yeah. I don't know. I'm starting to think I should drink more coffee though. Why? Because of the health benefits. Oh yeah. you know, we'll see. We'll get into all that. But in the top 10 you have Netherlands, Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Scandinavia loves their coffee. Apparently. Yeah. It was Slovakia cold.


Serbia, Czech Republic, Poland, Norway. Yeah. Then eventually the US Cold countries not bad. Although Brazil loves its coffee as well. I think they're like number 10 or 11 or something like that. Good coffee. I didn't see, they weren't even in my top 16. So We, we had different lists made by two different caffeinated weirdos. So the us the FDA and the A MA right now, I think they raised it to 400 milligrams a day from 300. Just That. Right. Just in the face of changing coffee consumption. Yeah. I think it's now up to 400 milligrams a day. As they said should be like the upper limit of what you should drink and what is cool to drink for your health.


Right. Not by being cool. You could drink a hundred cups a day and you'd be super cool. Right. That's why I drink coffee so much. Yeah, exactly. I wanna be cool. And so, so what is that 400 milligrams a day? That's about two eight ounce cups of coffee. 400 is Yes. Like high, high, High octane Right. Coffee. Sure. But yeah, it's no more than maybe three. Well and that's caffeine though. That's not coffee. Right. So you might also be drinking sodas or eating chocolate Sure. Or eaten on a cocoa nib That's packed with caffeine. Yeah. Yeah. It does show up in all sorts of surprising places, including, I looked this up decaf coffee as well, we should say.


Yeah. It's still got some caffeine in there, right? Yeah. So Like a a a cup of coffee, eight ounces of coffee can have anywhere from like 75 to 200 ish milligrams of caffeine in it. Okay. Decaf coffee still might have like 20 milligrams. Wow. And I mean it doesn't sound like much, but if you're pounding decaf coffee because you love coffee but you're trying to cut back on caffeine, stuff can add up. Interesting. Yeah. I knew there was some caffeine, but maybe that's not, is that negligible? I 20 itself just If. you drank one decaffeinated cup of coffee a day. Yes. Okay. I think on the overall effects of your health it would be negligible.


But both ways. Because again, the coffee giveth and the coffee Take it away. Yeah, Sure Does. It's a double-edged drug. Yeah. And it is, it is a drug and it is also in tea, which we'll get to as well. But yeah, it's a drug, it's, it naturally occurs like many drugs. But it is a stimulant called Trimethyl zine. Nice Job Chemical formula. CHC, sorry. C eight H one zero N 4 0 2, not zero two. I think there's a 10 in there. What did I say? One zero. Yeah. Which I mean instead of 10, you know, if you're on a CB or something, they get the point.


Oh man, this This podcast I used to love CB thing is as close to CB chatter as as you can come. I quick segue here. I used to love talking on the CB 'cause my dad had one in his Jeep. Oh yeah. And remember when CB culture was huge? Yeah. In the seventies. Sure. My buddy John Pendel now is a trucker. Hmm. You met John. Where In? At our New York shows Tall Johnny Pendel. He's a trucker now. Okay. And I got to hang out and get in his truck and he does not use a cb. And he said that he might get one, but it's not like the standard thing anymore. What Is now texting? Yeah. Just cell phones. I mean he said If, you really want to be a part of that big trucker culture.


Yeah. You can do the CB still. Well You can just be a lone Wolf. He's a lone wolf. Gotcha. Right now he is. He needs one of those jackets like Lenny and Squeegy used to wear. Yeah. It was fascinating though. We need to do an episode on trucking because when I saw him, all I did was ask questions basically. Yeah. It's fascinating. Does he have his own rig? No, he doesn't own It. That means truck. Yeah. Okay. Anyway. Well hey to Johnny and he listens to the podcast now. So Hey Johnny, because he's, yeah. You don't need a ccb If, you listen to Stuff You. Should Know. No, We are your Cb. We'll keep you company. Alright. So anyway, caffeine. He does drink a lot of caffeine. I think that's where I was going with That. Yeah. But that, that really had nothing to do with it.


I brought up CB's. 'cause you said H one zero. Why don't we take a break and get our sea legs back. Yeah. Our P legs We're a little rusty. And P is in podcast. Mm. Not urine. I thought you meant urine. Oh man. All I thought you meant. Oh hey, I'll tell you something about this break. I learned that there's something called tion syncope and nutrition is a lot of people think it means two P. No urination is two P. Okay. Nutrition is the urge to pee. Okay. Syncope is a fainting spell. So there's a condition out there called nutrition syncope where people faint after they pee.


Wow. There's also one called defecation syncope, where people faint after they poop. They have no idea why. I think Elvis had the most severe case of that. He Did. Alright, well don't let that happen to you during this break. And, we will be back right after this.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior living.com. Equal housing opportunity


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. And onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock.


Hey everybody. When you're in the market for a new car, you want a vehicle that conquers your daily commute, easily handles the elements and looks great too. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. That's right. For carpool shopping trips, weekends out, you want a car that still has plenty of miles left in it and holds its value. That's why Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. So check out the all new fully redesigned 25 Camry or test drive a stylish and affordable Corolla sedan or hatchback. And remember, when you choose Toyota, you're not just buying a car for today. You're investing in trade-in value for tomorrow. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Have we got it together? That was like a half a second. Are we good? Yeah, I guess so. Alright. We're gonna give it another stay up here. So caffeine. I think that's what we were talking about. It's a drug and in its pure form, Chuck. Yeah. It is a bitter, bitter tasting crystalline powder. That's Right. It's actually very closely related, at least in its effects to oppi opioid antagonists like heroin. Yeah. Cocaine. Yeah. Caffeine. Yeah. And I will talk a little more about the, the brain, the effects on the brain. But it is, it does have these effects and, and it does basically this, it uses the same mechanism as these drugs and therefore it can cause addictions just like these drugs as well.


Yeah. And like I said, it occurs naturally. It's in the coffee bean and in chocolate and tea. But it's also added artificially in things like soda. And I looked up the sodas to get the most recent amount and Pepsi one right now I think has the most caffeine Man. Do you remember Jolt and Vault? Yeah. I used to drink a ton of vault. I'm sure you did. Well I would drink one right before the podcast, remember? Yeah. And then I'd just be like talking a thousand miles an hour. Yeah. The good old days. I've settled down quite a bit. You have? I'm happier for it. Pepsi one at 57 milligrams. Tab is number two at 48. Diet Coke 46.


You will work your way down to regular old Coca-Cola at 33 milligrams per 12 ounce can. And the FDA regulates how much caffeine you can put in a soda. A soda. A soda. That's the key. That's right. If. you are an energy drink like Red Bull or any of those other gross tasting things. Yeah. I don't like them personally, but people love them. I just don't like the taste. But that's the workaround for the FDA. 'cause they're not considered sodas. They can put lots of caffeine and sugar Right. To the tune of about 80 milligrams per 8.3 ounces. Which you like.


Okay. In the case of Red Bull, that's a lot of Caffeine. It does seem like a lot, but some people love to take it even further. And there's like those five hour energy shots. Oh yeah. I have had those before. Those are two. I have not tried it before. I don't know why. I think I was doing construction work and I was really tired and I was at the big box store and it was right there checkout. I was like, eh, let me try this thing. Yeah. And it, it ran, it ramped me up. I felt like a speed head. So in the, in that little two ounce shot, there's 200 milligrams Whoa. Of, of caffeine. No wonder like a high end amount in a, a coffee in that little two ounce shot. Okay. And I think those are the, like coffee has the most of any beverage.


I think espresso ounce for ounce has the most, Well I mean from the coffee bean at least, or espresso bean. Oh yeah. Not like an artificial drink is what I meant. Yeah. We we got an espresso maker and Oh yeah. It has some pronounced effects. It's crazy really how different it is from coffee. Yeah. I like an espresso every now and then. Sure. And I like my coffee every now and then. Yeah. But just every now and then If you want the health benefits though, and you're like, I don't drink that much coffee. You should just be injecting pure caffeine. Chuck. Can you do that? They do it to mice. Yeah, That's a Good point. As we'll see later on. True. I should probably, it's again, it's been several weeks since we've done this.


I need to probably throw out a disclaimer there. That was a joke. Right? Don't inject caffeine into your bloodstream. No If. you can even get your hands on pure caffeine. Yeah. Do not inject it. You probably shouldn't inject anything, let alone the pure form of anything. Because even too much water can kill you. Always remember that everybody, even too much water can kill you. And I did look into caffeine overdoses 'cause I was curious and it doesn't happen much because you'd have to drink so much of something. Yeah. That it makes it unlikely. But there have been overdoses blamed on caffeine pills. Like, okay, what's the milligram amount, what's the dosage amount that it got? Oh, I can't remember this one kid died in Connecticut, like a 19-year-old that I think he had like a dozen or two dozen caffeine pills.


Wow. And it's the, I think the deal with caffeine pills, it's concentrated and it hits you all at once. Yeah. So taking a lot of it is just like overdosing on income stimulant, I think. Yeah. It's a stimulant. Yeah. It does some weird stuff to you, Including killing you. And like you said, chuckers, we already talked about coffee in the coffee episode, right? Yes. But it, some of it bears repeating, like the lighter the roast, the higher the caffeine content typically, because the roasting process actually bakes out a lot of the caffeine. I thought you were gonna make up a clever rhyme. Like the lighter the roast, the darker the toast or something. No, that's, that doesn't make any sense.


I know the rhymes gotta at least make sense or else it's just rhyming words. Yeah. How about, how about the lighter, the roast more caffeine than most. How about that? That's great. That actually makes sense. And so If, you want to extract the most caffeine out of your diet. Yeah. I actually came across a website called Bulletproof Exec. you know that Bulletproof coffee thing? No. Or you put like butter in your coffee? No, it's a, it's like a diet thing. I think it aids in pooping and butter in your coffee. Yeah. Butter in your coffee. Sounds delicious. Bulletproof. Delicious. It's actually not bad. Yeah. If, you like that though. Take it one step further and use coconut oil. Oh, okay. That's even better because it's got a little, it's like an almond joy creamer.


Ooh, wow. But like an oily version of it. Yeah. Anyway, the, this Bulletproof exec, they had a post about maximizing your caffeine intake so you can suck to your underlings throughout the day or whatever. Yeah. Right. Most efficiently. Right. And one of the things that they said is that grapefruit, you should eat more grapefruit because grapefruit contains something called ragan or narrogin. And it actually slows the removal of caffeine from your brain. Okay. So you enjoy its effects longer. Nice. Yeah. So a morning breakfast in the 1950s of coffee and a grape, half a grapefruit. Yeah. That's all you needed.


Yeah. And then your noon cocaine bump. Right. Just to keep you going Just from drinking Coca-Cola. Yeah, exactly. And If, you also If, you wanna maximize your caffeine intake from coffee. You should look at the beans you're drinking. So Arabica Yeah. Which is I think the most prevalent coffee has. It's 1.5% caffeine. But Rob Robusta ooh, 2.4%. That Is Rob Robusta. As far as I know, that's the highest caffeine content naturally of any coffee bean. So a light roast Rob Robusta is gonna basically With your grapefruit Yeah. You it it'll be like getting kicked in the chest by a mule. Wow. And is, doesn't that sound appealing? That's what every Bulletproof exec wants.


Wow. Shows you how to be a more efficient robber baron. So let's get down to this, man. How, how does caffeine actually affect your brain? Because it does affect your brain. The whole point behind taking coffee and stuff like that is, as the guy who wrote this article. Oh, the three guys who wrote this article, including you. Yeah. I did a little update on this. I forgot The, it's, it's using caffeine. It's a form of self-medication. Of course. That's why most people drink it, I think to get that boost in the morning Sure. And or in the middle of the afternoon. Yeah. And I'm sure people love the taste and stuff. It's not like they're holding their nose and forcing this drink down their throat. Well that's what like five hour energy's for Those don't taste very good.


Do they not? I've never tasted one. I've always wondered, but I've never wanted to experience its effect so badly that I I tasted it. Yeah. I mean, you know, it, it's like just that synthetic fruit taste. Does it taste like medicinal at all? Yeah. It just tastes Yeah. It's just not good, huh? In my opinion. Well, It's just two ounces. You get it over with real quick. Right? Yeah. You just sock it down and Yeah. Like you're done Punch a wall. So how does it work on the brain? It tricks your brain actually by mimicking something called adenosine. And it's, it's kind of remarkable actually because what it does is it mimics adenosine and then does the opposite Yeah.


Of what adenosine does, which is to try and help you sleep. It's pretty cool. Yeah. So you have a sleep wake cycle, right? Yeah. Part of the sleep cycle is adenosine latching onto the adenosine receptors on your neurons makes you're Sweepy. Yeah. It does make you Sweepy because it slows the, the, the function of your neurons down. It's a, it's a big buzz kill basically. It's a drag adenosine is, well, It's great Sleep. It Yeah. It's, it's, it, it helps make you Sweepy. And what caffeine does is it gets in there to the same receptor. It binds to the same receptor as adenosine. It's 'cause your brain thinks it's adenosine. Yeah. It puts on its adenosine costume basically.


Pretty much. Which consists of like a sparkly one piece jumpsuit. It's a onesie. And it, it not only doesn't slow your neurons down, it apparently speeds them up. Yes. So your brain starts going haywire. That's part one of what caffeine does to your brain. It not only doesn't slow your brain down, it prevents the thing that does slow your brain down from slowing your brain down and it actually speeds your brain up. Yeah. Sends it haywire. And not only that, but adenosine usually, well, not usually adenosine always causes your blood vessels to dilate and caffeine causes them to constrict, which sounds bad, but one of the pluses, And, we'll get into the benefits, but one of them is constricting.


It. Can it maybe help you avoid headaches and migraines. And that's why caffeine is in things like Anderson or my, my old reliable BC or goodies headache powders that I use Yeah. Contain caffeine. Yeah. That's my like secret hangover helper BC powder BC or goodies. It just acts fast. It's called buddy Caffeine, buddy Mary. They work really well too. Well both together a little. Yeah. I gotcha. No. Yeah. So caffeine is a vaso constrictor. Right? That's right. It It, it constricts your blood vessels. And like you said, that can actually help your headaches because a lot of headaches, vascular headaches, I guess is what they're called are when your blood vessels are too big and the change in pressure in your brain gives you this horrible headache.


Right. So while this is happening, your body thinks these neurons are firing. Your pituitary gland says you must be in trouble. Yeah. Because you're supposed to be going to sleep buddy. Yeah. Something, there's clearly a bear coming at you. Yeah. but I don't know about something's wrong. So Let's send you some adrenaline. We've talked ad nauseum about fight or flight and your body thinks that's what's going on when you drink coffee. So, or caffeine. Right. And so it says here, you need this adrenaline because like you said, you got a bear coming your way. Right. And all the hallmarks of fight or flight kick in, which Man, this used to be like our Go-to Yeah. Yeah. And now it's just such an accepted part of everything. That's right. Do we even need to say the things anymore?


Yeah, go ahead. Okay. So your pupils dilate. Yeah. You're breathing becomes more rapid. You get more breaths if you're eating something, you stop digesting it because your stomach doesn't matter at that point. That's right. Superfluous. Your blood pressure rises, your liver releases sugar in the bloodstream so you can get some extra energy. Yeah. You're ready to go. Basically it's like time for some action. Yeah. And that's why you drink it, that cup of coffee. You might feel tense like you in the car. Yes. Or agitated. Right. It's because your body thinks you're about to be in a big fight with the car next to you. Yeah. Which ends up, it's this weird reverse cycle.


It ends up causing that fight. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? And You, you'll also find If, you drink a lot of coffee like me there, a big knot develops in between your shoulder blades. Just just below your neck. Nice. It, it's just yet another result of your muscles tightening and you being ready for action thanks to the fight or flight syndrome. So your brain has been kept from getting drowsy. Yeah. It's been sent to basically like a Lucy esque assembly line of chocolates. Yeah. The, the fight or flight syndrome is kicked in that, that describes like a significant amount of the effects of coffee. But there's a big one that's missing still that we haven't touched on. And that is, it's pleasurable effects.


It makes you feel good. Yeah. 'cause it's a stimulant and it's a drug and just like all the other illicit illegal drugs, this one is just accepted, but it has the same effect. It's gonna release dopamine and that's the the pleasure center activation center. Right. And it makes you want more of it. And so that dopamine's flowing and your body's like, man, this is great. Yeah. So it doesn't actually, it it's like heroin and cocaine. It doesn't actually make you overproduce dopamine, but it keeps dopamine from being absorbed as quickly. Right. So you get its effects longer and more than you would If. you weren't under the influence of the drug. Just like heroin. Just like cocaine, caffeine.


Again, it uses the exact same mechanism. It's just to a weaker degree. Which is why like again, people aren't shooting caffeine. Right. And this, Which is a bad idea. This we should point out varies from person to person. The effects of caffeine on the body because it metabolizes differently in everyone. So. Right. Some people might be like, I don't get jittery at all. Or I can go right to sleep Yeah. After coffee. Yeah. Other people, I'd like to See those people on an espresso shot of rab robusta. Yeah. Yeah. I'll bet they wouldn't be singing the same song. Other folks, I used to wait tables and I would have people come in at like, like lunch and say like, no, no, no, no, I can't.


Like their friend would get a cup of coffee after. Yeah. They'd be like, no, no, no, I'll be up all night. Yeah. I'd be like, are you serious? What did you say that to? No, I would a race. It was wrong with you. Yeah. Well, I always think it was a little weird, but like I said, it may keep them up all night. Yeah. It's their own jam. Those people know their bodies, So don't don't just go with the decaf in that case. So we, there are plenty of negative effects like keeping you up all night as well as positive effects for with caffeine. And we're gonna talk about those right after this.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at, at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny, Kelly Clarkson, and Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Friday. 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock.


When you're in the market for a new truck, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily grind, navigate any terrain, and importantly haul with ease. That means you need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. Why? Because after all the hauling, towing and hard work, you want a truck that still has plenty of miles left in it and holds its value for a great trade-in deal. That's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Yep. And both the 2024 Tacoma and Tundra are projected to retain their value over five years better than most. In fact, they're both in the top 10 of all vehicles for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So remember, when you choose Toyota, you're not just buying a truck for today. You're investing in trade-in value for tomorrow. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more Vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


All right, so you've got the 1, 2, 3 punch. Your body is enjoying the caffeine, it's blocking that adino scene. You're gonna feel alert and awake. Right. It's got that adrenaline going and it's rewarding you with a dopamine. So it's gonna make you wanna drink coffee. But I mentioned the vicious cycle. It is a bit because after coffee comes the inevitable crash, right? Like any stimulant drug and you want more of it to get back up again. So you're gonna have that fatigue and maybe even slightly depressed feeling. And then you have a little bit more of that caffeine and it's gonna get you going again. And that's sort of the cycle that you find yourself in, which will eventually, even though you might not think it is, it's gonna affect your sleep patterns.


Yeah. That, that, that cycle kind of continues on into the next day, right? Yeah. So coffee has a half life of six hours. Caffeine. Caffeine. Yeah. I told, you know, predicted this, Chuck. I know. That's alright. Caffeine is a half-life of six hours. Where If, you drink a cup of coffee that has 200 milligrams of caffeine at noon at 6:00 PM you'll still have a hundred milligrams of caffeine in your system. That's right. So it's like at six you drank a a, a red bull in a quarter right then. Right. Not exactly what you want. And then at midnight you would have 50 milligrams left, which is like more than a, a coke.


That's like a, a mountain dews worth of caffeine in you. Again, not really what you want. So as the, the authors of this article, including you point out you may fall asleep, but that caffeine stimulation is probably gonna keep you from getting deep sleep. Yeah. And deep sleep is what you really genuinely need. Yeah. And I think after researching this, reading that sentence, I went because I think like I'm, Did the light go on Basically like that, that that is how I live my life is I, I don't sleep deeply even though I sleep deeply. I don't think I get actual deep sleep. you know what I Mean? Right. So then you wake up craving the caffeine again. Exactly. Yeah. And that's where that cycle goes on and on where you just, it's really tough to quit it.


Yeah. Yeah. It's very interesting. If, you are pregnant. There are some studies that suggest And, we should say. There have been a lot of caffeine studies. Yeah. This article says like 19,000 since the sixties. I'm sure there's seventies, it's 20,000 by now, you know, easily. And they are somewhat conflicting. So we always are gonna say like, this study suggests because they aren't hard and fast rules. Right. But if you're pregnant, some studies suggest that 300 milligrams or more per day could lead to low birth weight in your little BB kids. I read one article, like five experts talk about caffeine in children.


And they all said that's not great for kids. No Kids drink coffee these days. Do they? But yes, but in the form of like those like coffee drinks that are super sweet and creamy and everything. Oh man. But they drink, like if walk around a mall you'll, you'll see like eight year olds with like a coffee drink just walking around like it's nothing. I went to the mall the other day for the first time in probably five years. Yeah. How was it? It was awful. Was it? And I hated every minute of it. And I'm not going back. The mall's another place that, it's another thing that puts that like knot in my back. Yeah. Just too many people in one place. Yeah. It's no good. And with a baby stroller, it was just like, I wanted to put a spoon in my ear. Which mall I went to Perimeter.


Okay. I mean there was, we got new pillows so I was like, I had to go to the mall to get pillows. Yeah. you know? Yeah. Because you gotta put your head on it, even through the plastic case. Oh yeah. No, I know. I've been pillow shopping, you know what I mean? Many times. Yep. New pillows are great though. Oh yeah. If, you get a good one. Yeah. I've been on a bad run lately with pillows where I've gotten last two. I've got one. Wasn't very happy with it. Yeah. Got a second one to replace it. Not it's better, but I'm still not quite happy with it. Do you just use one pillow Really? One soft pillow. Wow. Yeah. Anything else? I'm like, oh my neck. I gotta have one under my head. I gotta have one behind my head.


Between my head and the headboard And then one tied to your face? No. And then a clutch, you know, to, to Hold on. Okay. Like to wrap up with. Wow. It's the best. Yeah. Yeah. That's three pillows. Yeah. You sleep with three pillows. Well Emily and yeah. Six total. Jerry, tell us in blinks how many pillows you sleep with? Three. Three as well. I Think you're under pillowed. I guess so. I, my friend I sleep with one third. The pillows. You do. Here's a pillow tip though. If you're buying, just wait for a Macy's one day sale. Oh yeah. Because pillows are expensive. Good ones. Yes they Are. And 50% off But worth it goes a Lot. Yeah. Very Much. Get your hands on a good pillow.


Yeah. And Macy's does it twice a year. I think. Maybe Memorial Day and Labor Day or their pillow sale days. Oh, They had one going on after New Year's. I am wrong. There you have it. Alright, so we were talking about sleep and the shopping mall where kids were drinking coffee. It all comes together. It does. But all five of the, of the experts said your kid shouldn't really be having too much or any caffeine. Right. And they didn't say like, because of like the health effects, like of on the, basically it was just like, just like sugar. You don't want your kids', you know, heart rate increased a lot. Right. And their blood pressure increased and it's just not gonna do yourself any favors as a parent.


Okay. To have a caffeinated child. But I genuinely believe that you can go through experiences like that as a younger kid and it will make you a keyed up adult, a higher strung adult. Oh, You think I do. I have come to believe that. Yeah. That experiences in childhood very prominently shape your, your who you are as an adult. Very much so. I've come to believe That. Yeah. I guess if you're 13 and drink a lot of coffee and you get anxious, yeah. You'd probably be an anxious adult. I believe that. Probably keep drinking coffee Probably to stave off the anxiety. When Did you start drinking coffee? Or did you always drink a lot of soda too?


No, I guess it was as a more of a grownup. Yeah. For both. Oh Really? Yeah. I drank a lot of Kool-Aid as a kid. Yeah. And like the straight up tons of sugar in the Kool-Aid. Right. Kool-Aid. Yeah. But, and I drank like some, some we called it pop. Oh yeah. Like FAO and Pepsi and stuff up in Toledo. but I, I mean I, I think it was like as an older person, twenties, thirties. Yeah. Gotcha. That I started drinking like coffee and earnest and Yeah. Cokes And stuff. That's how it should be I think. Sure. I definitely didn't drink coffee as a kid. No, that was gross. Yeah, I did too. The taste of it was just really foul I thought.


but I really learned to love the taste of coffee. Yeah. And I enjoy a nice hot cup of coffee on a camping trip or a cold day. Sure. I just never took up the regular habit and not for any reason other than I just, I don't know, just never grabbed me that way. Never took it up. Yeah. It wasn't like a stand though, you know? Right. Like I'm not gonna start drinking caffeine. Yeah. you Know, and everybody who drinks coffee can rock. No, because my brother-in-Law and my mother-in-Law drink more coffee than any human's alive more than me. And they're both wonderful. Yeah. They're like, let's brew a pot of coffee, not a cup of coffee. Yeah. And let's just drink it until it's gone. Then brew another pot, you know?


Yeah, I Know. But they get a lot done. They're very, I'm sure they do accomplished people. They sleep several inches above the bed. One of 'em is a general in the Marine Corps that shows you where he is. Yeah. Or actually that's my mother-in-Law. Alright. How about some health benefits? Right. There are a lot, believe it or not, they've done a lot of studies and they found everything from helping out to not develop Parkinson's disease to dropping your risk of various cancers. Yep. Cirrhosis, how about this? Two cups a day supposedly will cause an 80% drop in the odds of developing cirrhosis.


That's amazing. Yeah. That's, I drink a little bit, so maybe I should drink coffee. I wonder if that has to do with stimulating the fight or flight syndrome where you, your liver releases more sugar. I know. To, to give, to give you more energy or something like that. Maybe. But what's weird then is, so that would be more sugar in the bloodstream, right? Yeah. Too much sugar in the bloodstream can lead to diabetes. Right, right. Well coffee actually is shown to reduce your risk of diabetes. Yeah. There was this Harvard study that involved 126,000 people over 18 years. They followed their coffee. That is a good study. It's a great study.


Unless they fudged the results. But saying they didn't, what they found was that people who drink one to three cups of coffee a day are 9% less likely to contract diabetes. Right. Yeah. You think it ends there? No it does not. So people who drank six or more cups of coffee per day, If, you were a man, your chances of contracting diabetes were reduced by 54%. That's Substantial. And for women who drank one or six or more cups a day, their chances of of contracting diabetes were 30% of developing diabetes. 30% reduction. I got another one. Four cups a day, 50% less chance of mouth and throat cancer.


And I don't know if it was this Harvard study or another one said it could reduce suicide risk in adults even. Huh. Kind of makes sense I guess in one way. Which way? I don't know. I was thinking, I don't know, I take that back. Well, maybe you like run from self-harm even Maybe Like you flee or fight Or if it just, you know, maybe it could battle your depressive systems by picking you up or something. I don't know. Yeah, it's, Yeah, that's a much better explanation than mine. Mine was stupid. There's, there's evidence that it prevents cavities actually. Oh, really? Which, yeah. Which is kind of surprising because it, that is If, you just, if, if you're doing a study on coffee that's If, you don't put anything in your coffee.


Yeah. Put cream and sugar in. Yeah. You're going to get your cavities on. Right. You Kinda do both. Right. Just depending on your mood. I typically go toward black. Right. But every now and then you'll throw a little vanilla creamer in there, So every once in a while. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, if I want to treat, Oh yeah. Special treat. Right. But caffeine can hurt your teeth in that it causes teeth clenching too. Well, which is one reason I'm losing teeth is I grind my teeth at night. Yeah. So maybe I shouldn't drink more coffee. It could be, yeah. But like you said at gibbon, it take it away. Do I want teeth or do I want my liver to hang in there and No diabetes. Right. Yeah, good point.


Alzheimer's, the bird, Alzheimer's Institute in Tampa did some experimenting on lab mice, injecting them with caffeine, like you said earlier. And not only did it protect them against developing Alzheimer's, but it helped reduce symptoms if they already had it. They haven't tried it on humans yet, but as it goes with mice, many times it goes with humans. Yeah. Hopefully. Yeah. We could all be injecting caffeine at some point. That to me is also counterintuitive too, because Alzheimer's disease is potentially a buildup of plaques in your brain. Right. That's the result of not getting enough deep sleep. Because when you sleep, your glial channels expand and your brain is bathed in cerebral spinal fluid.


Oh yeah, that makes sense. Cleans out those plaques. Right? Yeah. But it only happens when you're sleeping very deeply. Interesting. But if you're not getting very deep sleep with coffee or caffeine, then I would think you'd be, there'd be a higher risk of Alzheimer's. Yeah. It's befuddling. It is. And I've also found conflicting studies on memory. Johns Hopkins says that it's a memory enhancer, but I've seen other studies that say it's, It's a memory dhan. Yeah. So opposite. Again, it's like it's tough to kinda get down to the brass tacks, you know? Yeah. When you have conflicting studies, If you exercise, coffee is your best friend, caffeine is.


Yeah. I've heard of like Olympic athletes that like we'll shoot espresso right before a race. Yeah. Not only does it like give you a jolt of energy and everything. Yeah. But apparently it has ergogenic properties, which means that it delays fatigue. Right? Yeah. And it helps your muscles use glycogen, their energy stores more efficiently too, so it can help you run better. Interesting. Yeah. As far as cognitive abilities, the one study I found from Johns Hopkins Medical School said that while you think it is increasing your cognitive abilities, what it's really doing is just taking you back to normal for a short period That is chilling.


Yeah. And then when it wears off, you're actually below Man. Yeah. I Don't know. I hate to think that. I don't want a quick coffee though. That sucks. No, you've Quit smoking. Yeah. You lost weight. Yeah. Keep your coffee. That's another thing though I did during this break is put some of that back on. We'll drink coffee And go Exercise. Alright, If, you wanna know more about caffeine, you can type that word into the search bar, how stuff works. And don't forget, in this case, the E goes before the I since I said search bar, it's time for Listener mail. This is from Maddie in Virginia.


Hey guys, I'm a 22-year-old college student at In Virginia. I wanna start out by saying thank you for the wonderful podcast. It's helping. Oh, I like this Email. Emails is a good one. Did you see this One? Let me explain guys how you've helped me. I'm a sufferer of extreme anxiety and depression. I've had these issues since to a varying degree since middle school. However, events occurred in my life throughout the past few years that have made them much worse. Got to the point last semester where I'm not, I was not able to go to class, do homework or play on my sports team, man. Thankfully, my family friends in my school through with their help, I was able to work everything out. Met. I'm a in a much better place, a very curious person and loved learning and acquiring knowledge. And this is where you guys come in though.


I had trouble going to class, I still had that thirst to learn. So whenever I was in a bad place mentally, I would throw in my earbuds play Stuff, You, Should Know podcast and Zone out during these bad days. The times when I would listen to you guys were some of the only instances where I would smile or laugh. Really want to thank you for putting in all the hard work, making a great show. I know that you guys help people not only gain valuable knowledge, but you also improve lives and put smiles on many faces. Don't think you'll read this on the air psych and I don't even know If, you all will even receive this email. Yep. Double psych. But If, you do. And it's read on the podcast. I just want everyone listening to know, if you're going through a tough time and are struggling, things will get better.


There are always people who care about you and who will help you. Nice. That warms our cockles. Yep. My friend. And hang in there. What a wonderful message. They Sound like trite things to say, you know, Like Yeah. Unless you're going through some time Heals wounds and it's darkest before the dawn. Yeah. But they, they're trite and true for a reason. Because they are what Trite and true. I think you just tried and true. Yeah. but I think you just improved the phrase, did I? Yeah. But they're not trite. They're true things. Hang in there people. That's right. That's my message. If. you want to get in touch with us? You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web, the luxurious Stuff You Should Know dot com Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at w BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing. Member Fin Rent s not a bank. See public do com slash disclosures for more.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year. Ride after ride and check out the all new 25 Camry or test drive a stylish and affordable Corolla. Find out more@buyatoyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.