
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member. FDIC.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us. No, Dave, no Jerry, no nothing. But we are here and being tourists walking through the Australian bush right now, we need to be careful of Drop Bears. That's right. Because you know, if you're especially a tourist or maybe a a, a foreign soldier, you're walking around the outback look up because If you walk under a tree, a drop bear might drop down, knock you on the head and each eat your head. Yeah. Might bite your skull open with its molars. Might use its fangs to bite your neck and you're dead. You're dead when a drop bear drops on you.


'cause they can get fairly big. I saw about the size of leopards. Yeah. Leopards average. Something like six feet long. Seven feet long. Yeah. Laying between a hundred to 200 pounds. Yeah. This is a big animal. The thing that makes it so crazy is that it looks a lot like a koala except with orange wiry, wiry hair. Yeah. And luckily, you know, we toured Australia and did some great shows all over that wonderful country and we both checked in as safe at the end of it from Drop Bears. Thank God it didn't happen. No, we we made it out alive basically. 'cause If you get dropped on by a drop bear, who, they're very patient, they're very quiet.


They'll wait for hours up in a treetop for someone to pass by and then they drop out Right on top of you. Like you said, you're dead. You're, you're toast. So had we met a drop bear one or both of us would not be sitting here today. That's right. I am genuinely wondering how many Australians think that we're being serious right now. I hadn't thought about that. Yeah. They're like, don't these guys now Man, you do the best New Zealand accent. That was that. Okay. Sure. It all sounds like Murray Mary. Yeah. So yeah, we should probably tell everybody who isn't from Australia that Drop Bears are made up. They're a myth.


They're a joke. Really. A longstanding, cranky joke that Australians play on newcomers and tourists and travelers and visiting military, that kind of thing. Yeah. A lot of people think it started in either Sydney or South Wales, the, or at least early settlers there, you know, playing pranks on people who came probably 'cause they didn't want 'em there. That would be my guess. Sure. Or just to humiliate 'em outta boredom. Yeah, exactly. Apparently the Australian museum over the years has kind of kept this joke going by fabricating sightings. It's sort of like a, like here in America, like a jackalope. Oh yeah. You know, like creating these creatures. Not like a bigfoot, it's not a crypted, but I guess a jackalope probably technically is.


But you know, just sort of a, a humorous thing to keep going. And the official government even gets involved and kind of plays along. Well I saw one of the things that as part of this legend is that the Australian government doesn't recognize the existence of Drop Bears in reality because they don't exist. But as part of the legend, it's because the Australian government is covering up their existence. 'cause they don't wanna harm Yeah. The tourist industry in Australia, because again, they, they jump on tourists, pe basically people who don't have Australian accents. Well, and I'm sure they're also like, there's all manner of things that'll kill you. Like the last thing we need is a made up thing. Exactly. So we said the Australian government's part of it.


So a lot of other institutions have contributed to kind of keeping this, this idea alive. I saw a, an article in the conversation about Drop Bears and surviving drop bear attacks. And it was totally straight from start to finish. There wasn't even a little disclaimer in italics at the end. And they've even been given a scientific name thy lactose plummets. That's pretty funny. It is. It's great. There actually is like evidence that there could have been some sort of ancient animal in Australia during the last ice age that is similar to a drop bear that does have a real scientific name.


Th th thala car effects or a marsupial lion. Apparently the skull does resemble a koala or maybe a womba. But instead of grinder teeth, they have shearing teeth. And apparently it once belonged to a, a group of marsupials called the Dipper Toons. And with today's koalas, they're in that same group of martu marsupials. So possums, wombats, kangaroos and koalas. They were all part of this group back in ancient times. But whatever this more fearsome one was a, it wasn't a drop bear, but it was similar enough for people to reference it at least. Yeah. And people were living at this time, this is during the last ice age.


So there were people in Australia at the time, Aborigines were there and they would have seen and possibly interacted with this marsupial lion. So it raises the question like, is this actually like an echo from the past? Like this is, this drop bear prank is actually based on like a human knowledge of the fact that there was something similar years back and just got passed down all this time and then morphed into the prank. Some people say no, I think there's a possibility. It just seems weird to have come up with that independently. Yeah. I could also be overthinking it. Well maybe, who knows? The first official mentions that people know about were in the beginning of beginnings of the 19 hundreds and it wasn't in a newspaper like the words Drop Bear until 1982.


Apparently when there was a message in the 21st birthdays column of the Canberra Times on 31 July. You know, it's from a different country. If they say 31 July. Right. We say July 31st over here. And apparently I, I say Canberra and that's not right either. Right? I think it's Canberra. Canberra. Okay. I think not even Burra bra. Like Bru. What's up bru? Yeah. What's up Camra? Okay, I got you. But in this message, regardless of pronunciations, it was Tam TAM Beware of Drop Bears in the future. For sure. Totally love Clint. And no one knows who these people were.


We'll never find out who this, who these people were. But the words drop bear first time in print apparently. Yeah. But the year before a, a post-punk band called the Drop Bears had formed back in 1981. I went and looked up one of their videos for a song called Fun Loving. Good. Yeah, it was not bad. Okay, Let's drop it out. But yeah, so drop like drop air somehow just came out of nowhere that term did. But there had been this idea of a koala like animal dropping from trees and attacking people that had been around at least INM print since the 1920s. It seems to have been a military prank.


Like that's where it kind of was kept alive all of the decades. But it eventually made the leap to pop culture thanks to a guy known in Australia as hogs. His name is Paul Hogan here in the United States. We know him as Crocodile Dundee. Mm. I say we take a break. That's quite a cliffhanger. I agree. When you got Crocodile Dundee hanging out there and we'll be right back after this.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post your Job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy. But for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Alright. We promised talk of Crocodile Dundee in 1981 on his show, the Paul Hogan show. He did a skit where he starts talking about the untold horrors of the Australian bush. And although he didn't use the word drop bear, he talked about killer koalas silently sitting and then dropping out of trees and killing people. Yeah. So within a few years this thing crosses over to the mainstream Drop Bears are attached as the name and it just becomes an institution in Australia apparently. That's right. And we've gotten real tips. 'cause you know, they like, they like to play along with this stuff and so you can actually get real published tips on how to avoid being killed by these. Right.


Apparently one, so remember they're telling like soldiers in Australia are telling like some American detachment that's visiting or doing training exercises or something to do these things. Yeah. And apparently they do sometimes. One is to put dabs of toothpaste behind your ears. I mean that's very tames Toothpaste. I mean toothpaste of course. Yeah. Yeah. I'm surprised that's all it was. 'cause I'm, I'm Why didn't they say like human feces or something if they really wanna kick it up. Yeah. Yes. But I mean just the fact that you did something that Yeah. That they can demonstrate you did that. That's, that's enough. When they tell you that this whole thing's a joke in, you're a total moron.


Yeah, I guess so. I guess they got a little closer to human feces on this next One a little bit. They said you gotta smear your cheeks and forehead with Vegemite. It's Like, boy, I'm gonna get killed for that one. You are. But I'm So sorry. Australia. Australia, you should know by now, no one outside of Australia likes Vegemite. That's just your thing. That's Right. And you've all got great senses of humor, so I know you'll take that with a plumb. That's right. So another one was putting forks in your hair. That's good. Which I mean you'd have to have thick, curly hair to hold a fork in your hair. Yeah. A fork would fall right out of my hair. Same here. Yeah. And then you could wear a neck guard. That would be the funniest one to me.


That's what I would try to get people to do. Remember like the the old school neck guards that, like in that episode of the Brady Bunch where there's the car accident, the person that, oh yeah. Mike Brady hit was wearing like a neck protector to keep them from turning their head and then he throws the briefcase and they look really quickly and Mike Brady proves his case foiled. Yeah. Yeah. If I could get somebody to wear one of those to protect against the a drop bear attack, I would feel pretty good about myself. Yeah. And if all of these things fail you, I believe so much of what you say, If you told me I needed to wear that for any reason, I probably would. Alright. Well keep sharp man. 'cause I'm gonna try it sometime. Yeah. You know, If you wanna podcast better put on a neck brace.


Apparently. If none of those things work though, and you are a visiting military soldier and you are attacked to protect yourself, curl into a ball and protect all of your major internal organs and major arteries. Yeah. Pretty great stuff, Chuck. Yeah, no, I, I mean, I was kind of sad. If you look up Drop Bear, there's some funny pictures of like just photoshopped koalas that looked super scary and mean. What? What do you mean what was sad? No, no, no, no. Did I say sad? Yeah. You said it's kind of sad. Did I? Either that or I've just totally lost my mind. Finally In my mind I said funny. I guess only the listener will know the truth.


Yeah. Of of which one of us just had a stroke. Maybe you guys can write in and tell us. In the meantime, everybody Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.