
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now, for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in all 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Hi, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I should say Merry Christmas and welcome to the Short Stuff, everybody, because this episode comes out on December 25th, which as many people know is Christmas Day. That's right. And it's a rare Christmas Short Stuff where we also have to issue a warning for kids listening that this story, while beautiful and lovely, takes a very dark turn as yet another maritime disaster episode. Yeah, I, I mean, I guess I had second thoughts about this, but reading over it again, I'm like, no, this is a good Christmas story. Yeah, this was so funny to me. I just have to tell everyone, when Josh sent it, I thought he was sending it as a joke of like, Hey, here's a Christmas thing.


'cause I had already given him a hard time about all the Maritime disaster episodes we do. And here was another one and you're like, do we do a lot of those? I was like, are you kidding me? I still couldn't tell. Yeah, no, I forgot about that. Orang Madan and mystery of the Sarah Joe two fur in like, I think two weeks in a row or something. Yeah. But hey, this one is about cap the death of Captain Santa. Yeah. So just bring some jingle bells for this maritime disaster and it'll differentiate it from the others. Right? Yeah. This one has a very cool story around it though, because in Chicago, around the turn of the last century, they did a very cool thing wherein If you needed a Christmas tree, you could head down to the Chicago River and you could go aboard a real sailing ship loaded with Christmas lights and Christmas trees, like a little temporary Christmas tree lot to pick out your tree.


Yeah. And If you were down on your luck at the time and you went to a particular schooner, the Rouse Simmons, you would probably meet the captain. He was nicknamed Captain Santa. And he would, if he found out that you were down on your luck, he would probably give you one of the Christmas trees free of charge. Pretty great. Yeah. So the reason that this was already a thing, this is the late 19th century. By this time, the Germans had been decorating Christmas trees for a very long time. But it wasn't until Queen Victoria's husband, prince Albert, who's from Germany, introduced it to England and it spread to America. So people wanted Christmas trees by this time pretty badly.


And it was hard to come by in Chicago. Not a lot of forests in Chicago. So sailors who, who sailed schooner, or captains who sailed schooner, which are large maed ships used for shipping cargo, would sail from northern Michigan, from Wisconsin with literal boatloads of Christmas trees and show up at the Clark Street docks in Chicago, string up some lights on their boat and just say, come on aboard and pick out your tree. That's right. It's a pretty wonderful tradit. Yeah. Captain Santa was born, won Airman Mann goodness, obviously German in somewhere probably around 1865.


And he was second in line in the family business. His brother Al August would also do this along Lake Michigan, sell trees from the schooner. But Captain Santa was not a rich man. He only owned one eighth share of the Ralph Simmons. He was heavily in debt because he owned a saloon that put him about $1,300 in debt, about 42,000 today. So he wasn't a rich guy, which made, you know, the fact that he had some financial hardships, even more heartwarming, heartwarming, heartwarming, that this guy would still give away trees If you couldn't afford one. Yeah.


So with a failed saloon, he, he was like, well, I've gotta get out there and be captaining the Ralph Simmons as much as possible. He had a wife named Barbara. He had three daughters, two of whom were twins, which is usually how twins come. And so it's, it's important to say he was not the only ship that would sail to Chicago in addition to his brother. There were plenty of other captains, but he differentiated himself from his generosity from his jolliness. And the, the Chicago papers gave him the nickname Captain Santa. And so by this time, this, this last run that he would make, and yes, that is kind of a cryptic way to put it.


It was November, mid-November and the, this was around the last time of the year where you could cross the Great Lakes. In particular, he was crossing Lake Michigan. So he was making one last run with the Rouse Simmons. So loaded with Christmas trees that witnesses later said it looked like a floating forest. And it turns out, Chuck, that this was the last trip that both Captain Schumann and the Ralph Simmons would ever make. Are we gonna be right back after this? Yeah, I think so. Alright. Part two coming up.


You know, buying a home used to be a headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, for pre-approval, for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. That's Right. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. And that's rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Yeah. And you'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insights, and more all the things that you need to make the kind of informed decisions that can make a big difference for you and your family. That's Right. So whether you're buying your first home, managing home ownership tasks, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership, whether you're buying or refinancing, you just have to give a look because it's all there. Rock it, own the dream.


If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue, irritability. They shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA head On Learn more at Don't sleep on os a.com. This Information is provided by Lily, SALC.


Okay, we're back. We're somber. The Christmas joy has now been replaced by yet another maritime disaster, because after they set sale on November 22nd, 1912, heavily, heavily loaded with three to 5,000 Christmas trees, a floating forest, as you said, things went bad. They knew things could go bad because Alga, that older brother that we talked about, he actually already had died in a boat, a ship loaded with Christmas trees not too long before, I believe about 14 years earlier, November, 1898. Devastated the family, obviously, but Airman marched on the schooner, was spotted by a lifesaving station at Kiwani, Wisconsin, had its flag at half mass, which means I need help.


Their motorboat was the only vessel that could make it in the storm, but it was on the lake already doing something out of touch. So by the time they got in in touch with the station at Two Rivers and got their motorboat out, it was too late. That boat was gone. Yeah. It was only 20 minutes that had passed. But by the time that motorboat from Two Rivers made it out there, they were like, we, we couldn't see it. I mean, it was dark, and this was in the afternoon, but it was so dark, and the snow was so heavy, and the mist was so thick that they were like, it's, it's not there. So they don't know exactly where it went down. They didn't know where it went down for a, a very long time, about half a century.


But the thing is, is despite the fact that it a vanished, no one saw it go down. So like in, in maritime thinking, it was not necessarily lost. It could have made it out of sight into a safe harbor and waited that mid-November storm out. And that's what Barbara and her daughters were thinking. They were concerned when the Ralph Simmons did not show up in Chicago as as planned, like on its normal schedule. That's the word I'm looking for. Yeah. It's a Christmas miracle. I just pulled that word outta thin air. But they also realized, like it's possible they were just sheltering in a harbor for a little while.


Let's give it a few days before we're really worried. Yeah. That came over the next weeks and months when Christmas trees started washing up on the Wisconsin shoreline. It turns out that they were, their fears were confirmed. The Ralph Simmons was never seen again. Up to 23 people perished there. It seems like there were some lumberjacks who hitched a ride in addition to the Captain Santa and the crew. And they, you know, people would find things here and there in 1924. This is pretty remarkable. They actually found Captain Santa's wallet wrapped in waterproof oil skin.


Yeah. There was no doubting it, it had his business card. Yeah. It also had like clippings of some of the newspaper accounts on him as Captain Santa. Yeah. It was definitely his wallet. And I mean, found in a fishing net is not the way you wanna find your lost husband's wallet. No. So the Ross, the Ross Simmons was definitely lost, but Barbara herself carried on this, this family tradition of delivering Christmas trees in Chicago for several more years, as a matter of fact, using schooner. Eventually they moved over to, to trains, which is far more sensible. But they, the, the loss of the Rouse Simmons was basically this signal like, okay, the, the, the age of schooner sailing across the Great Lakes using cargo and in particular showing up at the Clark Street docks with Christmas trees is probably over.


Yeah. But the, the cool thing about his family continuing, even when they brought him in by train, they would take them to a dock schooner and sell them from that. And even after that, they sold trees from a lot. So they were just a legit Christmas tree business family by that point. But like you said, that kind of was the beginning of the end for the whole practice. There are some interesting little sort of ghost stories and rumors, I guess you might call 'em, that like you can still smell evergreen in that area and that, that the trees may have maybe still be in good shape, like preserved at the bottom of Lake Michigan.


Did you see the, the photo of it? Yeah. That was apparently the real deal. Like the, some of their, they're so well preserved in the silt that some of them still have their needles attached. That's incredible. I don't, I can't get my needles to last through New Year's. Yeah. So a diver in Lake Michigan, I think Lake Michigan is now the vodka Clear lake thanks to the zebra, zebra mussel invasion. Yeah. But at the time, in 1971, when it was discovered, a diver felt it out by hand and somehow figured out that this was the Rouse Simmons that he had found in like 172 feet of water. And then over time, I think in 2006, some underwater archeologists did the first survey. And there's a picture, I think Atlas Obscura has a really great article on this.


And they, there's a overhead shot of the Rouse Simmons sitting upright on the bottom of Lake Michigan, and you can see some of the Christmas tree timbers still scattered around it. Yeah. Amazing. And I, I believe where the Evergreen scent is present is near Barbara's grave site right at Acaia Park Cemetery in Chicago. One thing that struck me as very sad, I mean obviously the 23 souls aboard, including Captain Santa is very tragic. But I also feel bad about 5,000 live trees that just went to waste. Yeah. That is very sads. Lot of hadn't thought about that. Wow. If this was an, a bummer Christmas episode, it sure is.


Now it's a but, but it might be, it might not be a scary ghost story, but it is the Tale of the Glory of Christmases long, long ago If you asked me. That's right. True. And so to kind of tie the whole thing up at a nice Christmas bow, Captain Santa was so beloved, the Chicago papers went nuts. When the Rouse Simmons was lost, there was a legend, which was apparently true of a poor little girl who was waiting at the Clark Street Docs for Captain Santa himself to get her Christmas tree and was left waiting forever, essentially. But he's still so beloved around this area that every year in early December, the US Coast Guard cutter Mackinac commemorates the Ralph Simmons journey across Lake Michigan and brings a load of Christmas trees to Chicago's disadvantaged kids.


That's great. It's happy ending. It is a happy ending. You nailed it. It's a Christmas ending. Yeah. It has a, a dark center. It, it's called, it's called a Happy Christmas sandwich. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. I want to give a big shout out and thanks to Glen v Longacre who wrote a great 2006 article in the National Archives now Defunct Prologue Magazine in addition to Atlas Obscura too. That's right. And is this coming out? When would this be like a couple of days before New Year's? No, this comes out on Christmas. It is Christmas right now, Chuck. Oh, well, Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas, chuck. Merry Christmas to everybody who's listening.


And happy holidays. Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.