
This is an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member, FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chalk and Jerry sitting in for Dave and appropriately in this Short Stuff we're gonna talk about the world's Shortest war. That's right. Another Dave Roo. Special for the shorty. So thanks Dave for this. Yeah, thanks. This is about the Anglo Zanzibar war, which is, it's generous to call this a war, but technically it's listed as such. It was really a very quick one-sided conflict. So quick. It is known as The Shortest War numbers vary, but you, you probably see 38 minutes online when you look this thing up. Maybe as high as 45. Yeah. But everyone agrees it was less than an hour this war.


That's right. So Anglos Zanzibar means that it was between England and Zanzibar. Appropriately enough. It happened, did you say in 1896? I did not mention the date. It happened in 1896 and it was between the British Royal Navy and the Sultan of Zanzibar. And you might say like, why? What's the, what's the deal here? Zanzibar, it's off the coast of Tanzania today to why would the British Navy care about this? Well, back in the 1890s and before that, Zanzibar was a very important and very wealthy trading port that was, that exchanged goods between the interior of Africa and the rest of the world, middle East, Europe, so forth.


So Zanzibar was a very important place at the time. I thought it was important because of the great Billy Joel song. Zanzibar Is for real. Billy Joel did a a, a record on that. There's a song called Zanzibar Good song, but I think it's, it's about a bar named Zanzibar. Oh, okay. That's a good name for a bar. Yeah, I like it. I just figured I'd try and work in Billy Joel as much as possible since you didn't know I was a fan. Zanzibar. Yeah. You wanna know the lyrics? I'm not gonna sing it. I got the old man's car. I got a jazz guitar. I got a tab at Zanzibar tonight. That's where I'll be, I'll be What's the next line Then?


That's the chorus, then it goes into the next verse. Okay. When I hear Zanzibar, I think of the GI Joe dread dots. They were in league with Cobra and they were either from Zanzibar or one of them was named Zanzibar. See, I still never watch that stuff. I missed out. They Were great, man. I know you were stuck with the big ones. Yeah. So where did we leave? It was a busy trading port. Did you mention everything they were trading yet? No. Okay, you left that to me. So they were trading ivory, they were trading spices and things like that. They were getting back weaponry and textiles. But very sadly, one of the, the biggest exports was enslaved Africans. They estimate up to 30,000 enslaved people were shipped out through Zanzibar all the way up through the 1880s, by the way, which is, you know, almost a couple of decades after the Emancipation Proclamation that was still going on there.


And the saltan of Zanzibar was selling his people out because he was getting rich off of this slave trade. Yeah. And the British really didn't like this. They, they all, they wanted, you know, to have a, a, to control this really expensive port, but they were very much driven by outlawing slavery in Africa as well. So those two things were big drivers of Great Britain's interest in Zanzibar. And they, in 1890 came up with a, a treaty between the British and the Germans. The Germans, sorry. That basically said, here's a bunch of East Africa, this is yours, this is mine.


This is yours. It was part of what became known as the scramble for Africa. Yeah. And the European powers just basically carved the entire continent up. That led to decades of colonization colonialism that didn't free up until, I guess about the sixties. I think the scramble for Africa deserves its own episode someday. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Very shameful stuff. But they, they carved out what they called zones of influence and they made Zanzibar a British protectorate, which I looked up the difference between that and a colony. Apparently a protectorate. They're, you know, self ruling and stuff like that. So it's not quite colony as colony light. They're still very much under their control of the British government and military.


So they said, Zanzibar is our protectorate and we want to get a, a friendly saltan in there at the saltan of Zanzibar that's friendly to our needs and wants. And so they picked a guy named Hamad Ben to Towane and he was basically a puppet. He was the fifth sultan of Zanzibar. And this was in 1893. But he was not around long because Dave says hero was his nephew. I also saw cousin, this guy Khalid, Ben Barash, who had already had one failed run at the Sultan ship, I guess, is that what it would be called? Or salty? And then try it again by almost certainly poisoning and killing either his uncle or cousin Ey.


Yeah. Yeah. And one reason that he's a suspect is right when Ey died, bi Bargo showed up in the palace and it was like, I'm saltan now everybody. Yeah. Just wanted to let you know. So If you, you mentioned that EYs consultancy lasted only three years. Ash's Salton Sea lasted only three days because he installed himself as Salton and the British were like, we don't like you, you're not going to do our bidding, so we have a, a problem here. Yeah. So they said, here's what we're gonna do. Actually let's take a break. Okay. 'cause everyone's wondering what the heck's gonna happen next, right? Yes. Alright. We'll be back right after this.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's Right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home Equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket Mortgage servicing date.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, voom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you wanna have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in, and don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home, SYY sk SK Should know. Should know.


Alright. So I was, everyone's hanging on the edge of their seat. What are the British gonna do? They're gonna engage in gunboat diplomacy, which is the very next day. They, they pulled up a bunch of ships to the harbor there or whatever it is there, and pointed the cannons at the Royal palace and said, you need to be outta there by 9:00 AM and we'll just be waiting here to see what you do. That was pretty nice. Yeah. 9:00 AM You can get up early, you could exercise, eat breakfast. Had plenty of time. Yeah. So Barash was like, I don't think you're gonna do that. He decided he was gonna call the british's bluff, that they would, they wouldn't fire on their own protectorate. So he brought out his own heavy artillery guns.


I think the previous Sultan had actually developed a bit of a, a personal fighting force. So those people showed up. There were thousands of defenders. I saw 1000, I'm not a hundred percent certain, but there were a bunch of Zanzibar defenders around the palace by 8:00 AM on the day that Barash was supposed to leave. That's right. And he told the British Council, basil Cave, I'm not leaving. And Basel said, well, he said, we have no intention of hauling down our flag and we not do not believe you'll fire upon us and Basel Cave and the British, most British way possible said, Hmm. We'd prefer not to attack, but unless you do as you're told, we shall certainly do.


So You sound like again, every time you do a British accent, you sound like Hank Azaria and mystery men. Oh, I love it. I'll take it every time. The The blue Raja. Yeah. So 9:00 AM happened and just very promptly, the British started pounding the, the Sultans palace to dust. They made good on their promise and they just started firing on it from three warships And 38 minutes by, by most accounts is how long that took to completely just, I don't think they destroyed the palace, but they put a herding on it. Two minutes into this barash literally went out the back door and fled to the German consulate and was like, please help.


Yeah. He, he did. And the Germans were like, okay, we'll we'll take care of you. And they smuggled him to Tanzania or what's now Tanzania. And I guess he lived out his days there. Did you see anything about him after that? I looked into it, but I don't remember at all. And I was like, why am I bothering with all of this if we're not gonna talk about it? Right. Sorry. The thing is, one of the other remarkable aspects of this very, very short, less than an hour war, was just how lopsided the casualties were. Yeah. So, I mean, it's, it's interesting to talk about now, but 500 Zanzibar lost their lives. Yeah. In less than an hour.


Yeah. I think they just rained down artillery on them and like 500 people died very, very quickly. Only one British sailor was wounded, even I think no one died on their side. Yeah. He Probably slipped on the deck of a warship and like impaled his thigh on his sword. Yeah, probably. That's what I'm guessing happened. Yeah. Although I did see British Marines storm the island, so it probably actually happened there. Yeah. After this though, they, 'cause Barash was gone. They said, all right, well now we're gonna install our own new sultan that we wanted to do, begin with that will be sympathetic to our needs and basically do what we say. Yes. So there was a, this is a big deal, especially at the time because it basically showed the other nations of East Africa like, dude, these guys will mess you up.


Yeah. They're not, they're not messing around and they want our, they want our land and they want our nations. And that, like I said, really kind of was a flashpoint for the scramble for Africa. Because I think also other European powers are like, oh man, the Brits are gonna do that. They're gonna take over the entire continent. We better get there as soon as possible. Yeah. And then like you mentioned, the 19, 1960s was when a lot of this started unwinding itself. And Zanzibar was, was one of them under British control until 10th of December, 1963. And then they became a fully sovereign state and a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. So good for them. Yeah. And the sovereign state thing only lasted a short time because very quickly they merged with, we kept saying, what's now Tanzania?


Right. At the time it was Tanika and they merged with Tan, with Zanzibar to into Tanzania. Isn't neat. That's super neat. It's A great amalgamation of names. Yeah, I love it. And just learning more and more about African history is something I did not learn much growing up has been a cool part of the show. And I can't wait to learn more. Agreed. I think Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.