
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


OpenAI is a financial abomination, a thing that should not be an aberration, a symbol of rot at the heart of Silicon Valley. And I'm gonna tell you why on my show. Better Offline, the routers show in the tech industry where we're breaking down why OpenAI, along with other AI companies, are dead set on lying to your boss that they can take your job. I'm also gonna be talking with the greatest minds in the industry about all the other ways the rich and powerful are ruining the computer. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you happen to get your podcasts.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's sitting in for Dave. And this is Short Stuff. And Chuck, I have come to really detest politics, in particular the American brand of zero sum outrage politics that the entire nation's enmeshed in. Yeah, me too. I try not to think about it. I same avoid politics as much as possible. Same. So let's get started about this political history story. We're Talking about Andrew Jackson and his first Inauguration, or his Inauguration rather. They used to hold these in March and his was held on March 4th, 1829. And what happened there at the Capitol was he gave a speech and did his thing.


And what you should know about Andrew Jackson is he was a very populous president. Some say the very first one. And people loved him. They were like, he's for the little people and like, we want to go meet this guy on Inauguration Day. So he said, that's a great idea. George Washington held these levies at the White House, which is basically come and meet the first family on Inauguration Day. And I'm gonna do the same big mistake. Yeah. There's a a just basically a legend of Andrew Jackson's s Inauguration in 1829 that they basically tore the roof off the White House. They partied so hard there. Yeah. And he didn't, but that was the thing you mentioned. He was a populist president all of a sudden because of, because of him being a populace.


And, and this, the people who supported him average everyday, people who typically weren't into politics at all suddenly overran Washington DC in a very celebratory mood because Andrew Jackson had beaten the Washington establishment, the elites, John Quincy Adams. And now the people were truly represented in, in, in the American government as far as they were concerned. Yeah. But here's the thing, there are historians that say, hold your water there. It may not have been as wild as everyone thinks. There's a guy named Daniel Feller who was a history professor at UT Tennessee Koval, I'll even say that, as a Georgia fan.


And he was the editor of the papers of Andrew Jackson. So he knows a thing or two. And he is like, you know what? They talk about people, you know, wrecking the place. People come in there with muddy boots and turning over tables and and punch bowls. He said, take that with a grain of salt because all, a lot of this stuff comes from the account of this woman named Margaret Baird Smith, who showed up like late to the party after this stuff had evidently happened. She was Tardy to the party. Tardy to the party and also did not like Andrew Jackson and his politics. So probably had a pretty heavy slant on the chaos she described. Yeah. And this was, I mean, she was a good example of how the opposition to Andrew Jackson felt like the, they felt like they owned DC and Andrew Jackson and his supporters didn't really belong there.


Right. And yet because Andrew Jackson had won the presidency and the, these like average everyday people felt represented, finally they, they showed up. The question is like, nobody's saying like, that didn't happen. Right. It's the degree to which it happened. And Margaret Baird Smith's letters to her daughter in particular are essentially like one of a very few number of firsthand accounts. And she's, she really did not like this and, and pretty much I guess blew it outta proportion is a really good way to put it. Yeah. She writes about the, had the majesty of the people disappearing and a and a mob of people of, you know, fighting and scrambling and what a pity.


What A pity. Yeah. She said it twice. Yeah. Yeah. And is this a How stuff Works article. This is a Dave Ruse shorty special I should have known because Dave mentions like, you can almost hear Margaret clutching her pearls In this way. Yeah. Where Dave line? Right. So you said she was tardy to the party. She showed up a little bit after three. And the reason she didn't go straight from the Inauguration two the party is because she heard that there were these large crowds. The estimate that has been bandied about all these years later is that there were 20,000 people Yeah. Who showed up at the White House.


That's incredible. To, to party. So I say we take a break and we come back and talk about what they say happened at this 20,000 person strong party at the White House. Let's do it.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Are there any pictures of you online? I'm not just talking about Google, I'm talking anywhere. Clearview Scrapes together, images from Facebook, from LinkedIn, from Venmo accounts. That database is now being used by police departments all across the country to match criminal suspect photos. And sometimes it makes mistakes. So In this one case, two of the search results that are, I think were in the top 10 of the search results were Michael Jordan. It's a picture of Michael Jordan, but Cops are still using it to make arrests Police, they are trusting this software to lead them to the right suspect. But you're not even being told that it was used, let alone given any of the details about how it works. This is not Minority report. This is happening right now. People are getting arrested and doing actual time in jail after being picked out by a computer. I'm Dexter Thomas host a kill switch where every Wednesday we explain the right now of living in the future. You can turn off the computer, but do not let the computer turn you off. Listen to Kill Switch in the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


So we said Chuck, before we broke that there's about 20,000 people estimated to have been at the White House for Andrew Jackson's s Inauguration Levy. That even Margaret Bayard said, or Bayard Smith said that that was probably an exaggerated number. Yeah, she did say that. There were some crazy things going on though. Yeah. Bloody noses. Several thousand dollars worth of worth of glassware broken. But here's the thing, again, they, some historians think she might've been exaggerating 'cause she was just maybe a Pearl Clutcher and didn't like Jackson. There was a sin, a senator from Massachusetts named Daniel Webster, who was not a fan of Jackson as well.


But he wrote all about this day and he didn't mention like all this chaos going on. He said, you know, people have come 500 miles to see General Jackson. They really seem to think the country is rescued from some dreadful danger. And he also said a lot of people were also there to like aspiring political politicos, I guess, trying to maybe get a job or get some influence. So he wrote pretty good depth about this and he never mentioned like, you know, a party where people were getting in fights and, and muddy boots and turning over tables. Yeah. It was like he, he didn't mention that it was, it turned into the infield of the Kentucky Derby.


Right. Yeah. That is really significant because he was there and to not mention like that people were just going be berserk partying at the White House and trashing the place. I think that to me says volumes about it. That e it either Yeah. Was did it happened a little bit but, and was so insignificant that Webster didn't even think it was worth mentioning or that the whole thing was basically made up. Yeah. I mean, I get the feeling it wasn't completely made up. I bet it got a little wild. And there are also people that say like, you know, it sounds like there were probably people that maybe stood on tables and chairs to get a better look and like maybe a table breaks when you're doing that.


But she made it sound like they just trashed the place, right? Yeah, exactly. And that not only did they trash the place they were, it wasn't just that there were 20,000 people or however many people were there, that they were just rowdy. She was basically trying to portray them as, again, people who didn't belong in Washington, let alone the White House. And look, you can't even, you can't, you can't take these supporters of Andrew Jackson anywhere. Look, look at what they did. They rushed people carrying out the punch bowls to get punch and free cake and Yeah. They, they elbowed each other. It was like a Black Friday sale essentially is what Margaret Smith was describing. And again, just painting people in very unflattering light.


The problem is this, that was a letter to her daughter, right? Yeah. So if her daughter was misled or maybe she was even trying to entertain her daughter, who knows? It would be one thing. Historians would probably still have found those letters and, and be talking about it. But the reason why it became such a, a well-known thing is that the press picked that up too and exactly like happens today. That exaggeration was run with to outrage people who were opponents of Andrew Jackson because that completely satisfied their opinion of those people. Yeah. Here's a bit from the New York Spectator that was pretty colorful. Here was the corpulent, epicure, grunting and sweating for breath.


The dandy wishing he had no toes. The tight laced, miss fearing her person might receive some permanently de deforming impulse de miser hunting for his pocketbook. The cortier looking for his watch and the office seeker in an agony to reach the president. Right. What does that even mean? I, I don't know. The part about the dandy wishing he had no toes. I looked high and low for what that meant. Maybe 'cause they were getting stepped on so much, Maybe. I don't Know. That's the only thing I could think of that made any sense. The the one I came up with is that maybe it was in fashion to have small feet. Maybe. I know that The Dandy Has No Toes is a pretty great record title. Yeah, For sure.


One of the best. I'll Talk about a deep cut. Yeah. Yeah. So the, I guess in 1978, the Tennessee Historical Society, they rolled up their sleeves and they're like, let's get to the bottom of this. And from their research they actually said, they said they considered it sheer bedlam. Yeah. But they turned up another account from a senator named James Hamilton of South Carolina, who was a supporter of Jackson's. And even he said that this was a he, he called it a regular Saturnalia, but he also said that most of the damage was minimal. So somewhere in between there. Yeah. And Margaret Bayard Smith's account. It was probably the truth. And yeah, I think it was Daniel Webster, who's probably the most reliable.


Yeah, I agree. But who knows? It's a fun story. It is a fun story. And we love fun history stories. And I guess Chuck Short Stuff is out. Correct. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.