
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here. Wait, no she isn't. No, Jerry's not here. Dave's not here. We're left on our own, like a pair of losers. And this is Short Stuff. That's right. Big thanks to How stuff works. Dot com, the Canadian Encyclopedia and Food and Wine Magazine. Wow. For the information that I called about, Canada's national dish at 740 calories and 41 grams of fat per serving. The French fried brown gravy, cheese curd, squeaky delight. That is Poutine. Yes.


I love Poutine. How about you? What's not to like? I don't, Of course I love Poutine. I can't eat a lot of that kind of thing. Well, no, Who Can't? Because you know, I'm trying to look, be healthier and look better. And Poutine does not lend itself to that. You look, You look both, by the way. I Appreciate that. But in Canada you gotta eat some of that Poutine You. You definitely do. Whenever we visit Toronto, I'm always on that stuff. You have to. But one reason why we can't eat it as much is because we live in the southeastern United States, whereas Poutine was originally invented in Quebec, which can get awfully cold in the middle of winter. So it actually makes a lot of sense to eat a higher calorie diet during that time.


Like a bear. That's right. It popped up in the 1950s in the snack barss of rural Quebec and started gaining in popularity. Kinda, you know, it kind of spread out from there as we'll learn. It eventually started popping up in fast food menus in the 1980s like McDonald's and Burger King and and stuff like that in Quebec, and then eventually over the border into Ontario. And nowadays you can find it all over the world, even though If you want, you know, If you want that og, you gotta get it somewhere in Quebec. Right. And if you're a purist, you definitely have to get it from Quebec. That's just the way it goes. That's right.


So There's a bunch of different families or people who lay claim to inventing Poutine, but they all hail from the same area called the Santra de Quebec, which means center of Quebec, which is ironically in the South. And that is a really important place because that's where the Fromagerie, the cheese makers who made these squeaky cheese curds that are essential to Poutine if you're a Poutine purist where they're made. And there's a, the first guy who will meet is from Warwick in Quebec, and his name was Fernan ance of Cafe Ideal.


And he said that he first added courage to fries because one of his customers, Eddie Ness said, Hey, add some courage to these fries. Yeah, that was in 1957. And he replied in French, I'm not even gonna try it, but he replied in French that will make a damn mess. But he did it anyway, served it in a paper bag, it became pretty popular and people started kind of customizing it, adding vinegar and ketchup and stuff. And then six years into that, he started to serve that on a plate because it was such a mess. And customers were like, Hey, they're on the plate now. They're not in this bag staying warm. Right. They're getting cold. So he said, oh, and dumped some brown gravy on that stuff and said, how you like that for warm?


But in French? But in French. Do you want me to try the French quote? Sure. Oh Sure. S fair un Putin. Nice. So, okay, we've got our first, first entrant, Fernan Lahan courtesy of Eddie Ness. This is 1957, I guess, and no, 1963 is when he added the gravy. 57 is when he added the Gra. Yeah, that's when Poutine complete. Poutine was 1963. But our next guy comes from in Drummond, Jean Paul Roy. And he said, no, I had a place drive-in restaurant called Laroi Juice Up. And in 1964, which was clearly a year later, he said, I've been serving fries with this sauce though since 1958.


I called it Pa Patt sauce. And he said, customer started adding cheese curds. I was selling those at the snack counter. And they started dumping those in there. So he started doing that and added it to the regular menu and named it Mage pat sauce. And kinda a fun little side note there. Apparently he couldn't find a container in his province like that could even hold this stuff. It was so heavy. So he had to go to Toronto to source a vendor who could provide these sturdy containers. Yeah. Pretty fun. So Poutine, actually, the name of it is, it essentially means messy or mess, at least in slang in Quebec for sure.


But people say that it's probably, or possibly one of the etymological theories is that it hails from the English word pudding and not pudding like you. And I think that has the jiggly skin off top that you have to peel off when you take it outta the refrigerator. This is pudding as in like figgy pudding, which is essentially like a mixture of various foods, sometimes fig, and that it can be kind of messy. It's not like it, it's just like a, a hodgepodge just kind of mixed together, that kind of messy. And so Poutine possibly from ping is where this whole thing came from. Yeah. Or maybe one of the other like 10 to 15 explanations of root words, like French words, like pate, or how would you say that one Pite.


PP pite, which is a potato ragu so that, you know, no one agrees on that kind. Kinda like a lot of the stuff that we talk about with these origin stories of foods, a lot of people will, they claim and no one agrees on who the, who the person is. Although I'm sure there will be people write it and say, no, it's definitely for sure one of these people. Or maybe even someone else. Yeah. So what we do know is that it showed up from the more rural area of Du Quebec to Quebec City in 1969 at a place called Ashton Snack Bar. It made it to Montreal in 1983. And then it started to spread far and wide from there. I say we take a break and we come back and we trace Poutine spread like so much gravy flowing over a pile of fries.


Great.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply. Bye.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Alright. So where we left off Poutine was spreading like brown gravy through the streets all over Canada. Different variations started to pop up, like Italian Poutine with spaghetti sauce or sausage instead of like the gravy, veggie Poutine. There are regional variations. Apparently Montreal style has smoked meat. I've had that, but you know, have you, Yeah. How do you like it? It was great. I mean, it's hard to mess up Poutine in my opinion. Yeah. But you know, as far as traditionalists go, it's, it's just the straight up curds and gravy. There was also one, one more thing. I'm sorry. There was also a restaurant in Toronto, I can't remember else.


I totally name checked, but they made like Korean Poutine. Oh, I can't t remember what made it Korean, but it was the bomb. Oh, Okay. I think it had some sort of smoked meat on it as well. All right. I'd try that. By the seventies, Poutine had spread to the United States in New York and New Jersey. They called it disco fries and use shredded mots instead of those cheese curds. Because you know, one thing we mentioned, it was made where it was made because you get those cheese curds fresh and they say like, Hey man, if you're, if you're keeping these curds for a couple of days, they don't squeak anymore. And it's not the same. So this, this disco fries thing is an abomination.


Yeah. But it's a great name. Yeah. Pretty good. So it first started to spread to national restaurant chains back in 1985. There was a Quebec fast food franchise called Fruits, F-R-I-T-S. And they did not last very long, but they seemed to be on record as the first national chain, or at least large regional chain to feature Poutine. But the one that really kind of kicked it off was Burger King. One of their franchisees, Jean Louis Roy back in 1987 was like, I really wanna offer Poutine Burger King, please let me offer Poutine. And the Burger King thought on it and said, wish granted.


And so this first Burger King franchise started selling Poutine, and I guess it sold well enough that Burger King was like, we're gonna sell this in all of our Quebec restaurants. Yeah. McDonald's followed suit afterward. They added it to the menu in 1990 and then in Quebec only, and then expanded to the rest of Canada and got a shout out Harvey's Canadian fast food joint. Harvey's started doing so in 1992. And then something happened in the two thousands when sort of elevated comfort food became a thing. And people were like, let's, let's try and charge, you know, 35 bucks for chicken pot pie and Edison bulbs everywhere.


Yeah. Edison bulbs, you know, lighting up rooms all over the place. Like barely. So they said, yeah, let's, let's do that with Poutine. And I think Martine Picard of, what's that restaurant, Josh? Oh, Piete Kohan. That's right. He was the first supposedly, or at least first to become known for serving elevated Poutine when he invented his fo gra Poutine. Yeah. Yeah. And so other people are like, oh, fo gra how about lobster? How about braised beef? And Yeah. As you as more and more like professional chefs kind of did their own spin on it. It got further and further away from what it was originally.


And I don't know who spoke to a chef, Hugh Atchison from Montreal, I believe. Right. He grew up in Ottawa. Okay. So, but he grew up on Poutine. He said there was a Poutine truck parked down the street from his high school, which I, I would've been in big trouble every day. Yeah. If there, if I had grown up like that. But he's basically saying like, the people who were coming up with these spins on it probably had never even been to Quebec, had never had actual Poutine. And that, that it's not supposed to be gussied up. It's like a very simple basic street food. And he was really angry, I think in the interview they said that he kept pounding his fist and eventually took off his shoe and was pounding his shoe on the table while he was shouting about this.


Oh, I don't believe that one. Hugh Atcheson great person. He has restaurants here in Atlanta in Athens, Georgia. So he's a, he's a top chef guy too. So I love vol. What's he, what's he, what, what, what in Atlanta? Well, I mean he, the, you remember the coffee shop at Pond City Market? That was his Oh, okay. Yeah. Great. Downstairs. And his Empire State South in Atlanta is Oh, I love it. P Atchison. Oh, I love Edison bulbs and yeah. Edison bulbs. And then five and 10 in Athens is his restaurant. Oh yeah. Because Athens has got some like, legit good restaurants now. Yeah. Five and 10 was great. That, that went in where, what was the, the like super thread bear restaurant that had been there for a million years before five and 10?


Oh geez. It was like a Athens institution. Oh, I don't know. I was just there. I tried to go to five and 10, but they were booked up. 'cause I went to those REM shows again this year. And then Athens is just still one of my favorite places to go. It's a great town. Yeah. But this is about Quebec in Canada. Oh yeah. And Hugh Atcheson closes out his quote by saying, it's just really comforting garbage food. That's awesome. Which I love. So I guess that's it, right? Yeah. I got nothing else. You know, go visit Canada, go to Quebec and order some Poutine. Yeah. But even Still, that's my advice. Just maybe also If you can't make it to Quebec, like look up how to make as close an approximation as you can and enjoy it that way. Yeah. I think that there are, I think General Muir here in Atlanta serves Poutine, so, you know, I, I might give that a shot.


Sure, Sure. Since Chuck said he is gonna give it a shot, everybody that means Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.