
In Orlando meetings, reach another level. Thanks to a growing list of award-winning restaurants, a world-class convention center, a great hotel community, easy access through the airport, and of course the weather. Andrew Moys, VP of Fan Expo HQ had this to say about Orlando Luxury hotels, Michelin restaurants, easy access through the airport. All those key things feed into the proper executive experience. And while you may know Orlando for its attractions, industries like healthcare, aerospace, and advanced manufacturing make it a hub for cutting edge businesses. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Learn more@orlandoforbusiness.com.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave, of course. and that makes this Short Stuff. Woo. Big thanks to Medium NPR strong towns.org, the list and Bloomberg for this about, I'll bet I can, I'll bet. I can guess the Strong towns.org sec section. I wanna read part of it. Okay. Okay. So Chuck, we're talking today about Spirit Halloween, not the spirit of Halloween, as Cherry likes to say. Just Spirit Halloween. That's right. And If, you live outside of the United States. You might not know what that is as far as I know, they're not out of North America yet, but just give it some time as Halloween spreads, so too Will Spirit Halloween.


Spirit Halloween in the US is well known for being essentially a giant Halloween popup store that sprout up like mushrooms all over the country in abandoned mall. Well old malls, old big box stores that are no longer in use strip malls anywhere. They can set up shop with about 7,000 to 10,000 square feet and start selling a Halloween smorgasbord of stuff. That's right. They have more than, I think, more than 1500. I also sell 1400. So somewhere in that range of stores, again, only seasonal locations. And, it has become a meme that's kind of fun around Halloween, whenever there's an abandoned thing or anything that would be funny to put a Spirit Halloween banner across.


One of the most fun ones I saw was when like the US government shuts down because they can't agree on a funding bill. There will be like a Spirit Halloween banner MeMed over the White House, that kind of thing, because that's what they do. I, I looked up today just for funsies Atlanta, the metro Atlanta area has 21 Spirit Halloweens this year. Wow. Maybe some we'll get to that 22 Maybe. I mean, some just within miles of one another. Yeah. But this is not the most unusual thing in the world. There's a long tradition of popups and seasonal popups here in North America. Certainly around Christmas time with Christmas tree lots, some seasonal Christmas shops opening up and popping up carnivals, flea markets, that kind of thing.


America is well known for having these kind of temporary businesses that pop up for, you know, a, a week or two, maybe in this case a a short season. And then they shut it down. and that place is now a parking lot again, or an old rich way that is no longer in business. So this is the part that I'm guessing where strong towns.org comes in, because this section seems really emphatic about discussing how great pop-up stores are for local communities. Yeah, I'd like to read because I think it's awesome. Yes. There's plenty to like and appreciate about a temporary shop that provides an opportunity for entrepreneurs to sell their wares and activates an empty space.


Yeah, That was definitely from strong down stuffer. So back to Spirit Halloween, because yes, there's other seasonal popup stores, but this is the seasonal popup store we're talking about. It was founded about 40 years ago in the early eighties by a guy named Joe Marver. And he didn't start out selling Halloween stuff. He sold, he started out selling reasonably priced women's apparel. Yeah. The store was called Just Spirit Women's Discount Apparel. It was a little wordy as the story goes. He was working in that store or you know, owning that store and working there, I guess in October. Looked across the street and there was a Halloween costume shop that was killing it.


And he was just like, nobody's buying in my discounted women's apparel. Everyone's buying these Halloween costumes. Look at this dress with these shoulder pads. You could turn this down. It's, It's almost a costume in itself. And he was like, all right, I'm struggling here. They seem to be onto something eventually that like, that's where the seed is planted. Eventually that costume shop moves locations and then Joe sees his opportunity and is like nuts to these dresses. They're going in storage, October's approaching fast and I'm gonna sell Halloween stuff. And he sells through the roof and is like, I'm onto something here.


So yes, he has the best October he is ever had. Like you said, he thinks he's onto something so the next year he does it again. But this time, rather than put all his dresses in storage, he leases a temporary space. So you're starting to see like the contours of Spirit Halloween forming at the edges here. And in 30 days he sells a hundred thousand dollars, I'm assuming early eighties. A hundred thousand dollars. Yeah, It was Worth of Halloween stuff in, in just again 30 days. And he was like, I'm definitely onto something here. I'm gonna go all in on this Halloween thing. And sure, I'll sell some dresses during the rest of the year. But this Halloween thing is really a big deal to me now.


Yeah. And this is a quote that I've actually seen from Joe Marver that I still can't make sense of. I didn't invent temporary sales, but I feel like I invented temporary Halloween. Yeah, I don't understand that. 'cause what is permanent Halloween? Yeah, Halloween had been like a, a 12 month out of the year tradition until Joe Marver came along. Right? I guess So. So that wouldn't, that's just sort of a funny quote. He seems like that kind of guy. So I say we take a break and we'll come back and talk about how the thing grew from that one, that one empty store to, would you say 1500 locations? That's right. 21 of them in Atlanta alone. Yeah.


To Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive, giving you the control to go beyond Quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This Season get premium tech that inspires joy from Dell Technologies. Bring projects to life with the XPS 16. It delivers supercharges processing for enhanced productivity and freedom to express yourself. Performance class Dell PCs with Intel core ultra processors deliver a dedicated engine to help accelerate ai, enjoy free shipping, Dell rewards and expert support. When you get a Dell PC with ai, it gives back shop now at dell.com/deals.


Stop. Stuff You Should Know stuff. Stuff You Should Know. You should know. Alright, so Joe Marver is crushing it over the next 15 years. He grows to about 60 popups. This is roughly 97, 98 or so. And the name of the store is officially Spirit Halloween. By that point. It changed along the way and he said, you know, one of the big keys to his growth plan is presence like billboards and stuff like that. Ads getting, like you mentioned, maybe up to a 10,000 square foot storefront, hopefully close to another big anchor store like a Walmart or a Target or something like that.


Or maybe a popular shopping center. And then to expand, the other key was, is to expand beyond just costumes. So you can get like anything Halloween in there. Decorations are a big, big part of what they sell. Yeah. You want a plastic battle ax to use for your LARPing during the rest of the year. Yeah. You go to Spirit Halloween here in the United States. That's right. But you better do it between August and November. Yeah. It's crazy that they even opened in early August, but I guess that's true, even though it turns out that they do most of their business the last two weeks of October, which duh. Yeah, I can't remember. There was a Simpsons episode that where somebody invested in pumpkin futures and that they paid off in like November And I.


Can't remember who that happened to. I wanna say Principal Skinner. But that doesn't sound right. That's funny. So it turns out that Joe Marver doesn't own Spirit Halloween anymore. He founded it, but he also sold it in in 1999. He was probably worried about the Y 2K bug and he is like, this is your problem now. Right. And he sold it to Spencer's gifts, which makes a lot of sense now that I hear it. Yeah. And I believe Spencer's is still around. It's, I think it's gone more toward like a, a journey or a Pacific coast kind of place. Whereas before it was this weird mashup of everything Sexy.


Yeah. Bgy. Yeah. Grateful Dead. Like the weird plasma ball that you touch and the electricity goes to your hand, but somehow it doesn't electrocute you. Like all of that stuff was in Spencer's gifts. It was the place to go in the mall when You were 10 years old in the the eighties. Oh you bet. Especially if You were a young Baptist kid. 'cause you could, you Could be like, Hey mom, I'm gonna go over here to look at posters. And you know, the posters were probably women in bikinis on a Lamborghini. There was also the verboten section. Remember that one that had all manner of bedroom toys? Yeah. Like, like, like legit ones. Not just like gag gifts.


No, Like, like you know, the heavy hitters, Right. There was actually one called the Heavy Hitter. There probably was. But yeah, you could, if You were in the wrong part of Spencer Gifts when You were a 10 or 12-year-old, it was a very embarrassing thing for me. But very titillating as well at the same time. So anyway, yeah, for sure. Legendary eighties store as the legend has it. They were, Joe Marver was at a trade show in Manhattan. The executive from Spencer Giff says, come with me. Gets him in a limo. Takes him to SP Spencer headquarters in New Jersey. Cuts him a big check. I could, it's an undisclosed amount. Could not find out how much, but it had to have been a lot of money because in 2013, this is 11 years ago, half of Spencer Gifts yearly earnings, which was about 250 million back then came from Spirit Halloween.


I guarantee you it's way, way more than that than now. Yeah, for sure. So just to kind of get back into the nuts and bolts, they hire about 25,000 temporary employees just for, you know, that, that August to the end of October, the stores officially closed on November 2nd. A little known fact. Spirit Halloween is a 12 month a year business online. Yeah, of Course. It's just as retail stores aren't open during that time and even before they close toward Halloween, they're starting to plan for next year and they start like looking for retail spaces to take over. They start negotiating with landlords.


They hire a bunch of district managers who manage about three to four stores each. And they get to go to New Jersey on a big trip for a week long training seminar. And then by the time August rolls around again, they're, they're doing it again for the, the couple of months before Halloween. Yeah. They're, they're senior director at least at the time of this writing. Their senior director of real estate guy named Frank Ra. And can you imagine how hard that job is to open up 1500 and negotiate those leases, 1500 temporary stores just on the real estate side. Like forget training all those employees.


There's a pretty fun article if, if anyone feels like reading more about Spirit Halloween on Slate, I think written by a, an employee. He was one of those managers. And, it wasn't like some horror story like oh God, it was awful. It was more just like, it's a crazy experience because I'll bet everything is moving so fast and there's so much inventory and none of these employees, like everyone is temporary. So it's just, it's just a crazy but fun environment it seems like to work in. Yeah Man, I'll bet Keeping things stocked is like sacrosanct there because you gotta get rid of as much as possible. Although they do say about 30 to 40% of it carries over from year to year. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. I'm sure they lost their shirts on Justin Bieber costumes one year. Right. and that probably happens. But you know, you're always gonna make the money on Michael Meyer's stuff, right? Yeah, For sure. You got a Halloween costume together for this year. Are you gonna do anything? I don't know. Yumi usually comes up with those. I just go along with them because they're always brilliant. And I, can't think of anything. Yeah, good. So I'm not sure what she's got up her sleeves this year. Probably something really good. I gotcha. Nice. So there's one other thing we we should talk about from Spirit Halloween that you dug up is they are really into charity for children's hospitals and it's pretty awesome what they do. Yeah.


They partnered, I mean, essentially what they're trying to do is bring, you know, not the spirit of Christmas to children's hospitals, but the spirit of Halloween to make hospitals less scary in a ironic twist. Yeah, for sure. It's called Spirit of Children. You can donate online to it. You can donate in the store, you can donate as little as a dollar and they'll say thank you. But they not, not just Halloween. So around Halloween, these, about 150 children's hospitals get care packages with costumes and decorations and all that stuff. 'cause think about it, when you're a little kid, you're sick in the hospital missing Halloween. Yeah, that sucks. Yeah. On top of having to be in the hospital in the first place, of course.


But for the rest of the year, they, they support programs. They pay for equipment. Like they cover these children's hospitals and it's pretty cool. It's a really great program. I had no idea about it. But If, you go to Spirit Halloween this year, maybe drop a buck in their Spirit of Children collection thing or go online and donate. But the great thing about it is 100% of those donations go to this program. That's right. And we've been singing the praises of this fun store. I hope we, it's not exposed to some awful thing because it seems to be what it is. Which is a, just a pretty successful, fun store supporting a fun holiday. And I. Hope they're not advertising on the podcast right now, because if so, it's a coincidence, everybody, we weren't paid to do this.


You kidding me? They totally should. We should tell sales about this. Okay, well then Chuck brought this on us. Okay. I don't think we have anything else about Spirit Halloween, right? Nope. All right, well then Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.