
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member. FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave. And this is a very special Short Stuff, Chuck, because Dave requested this topic so long ago that I don't even remember when he did. Yeah. It it every once in a while a colleague will drum up the nerve to approach us very sheepishly with head bowed. Say, what do you guys think about this idea? Right. And Josh will wave them away and say, it shall be on the list in seven years time. Yes. Hence or or so. Right. Give or take seven more years, We shall do Outlawry.


And we are finally, so this one's for you Dave. And it's a good idea too, because most people think of outlaws as a specific, you know, like, Like Johnny. Johnny Cash. Yes, exactly. A lot of people think of Johnny Cash when they think Outlawry, don't they? Yeah. Outlawry Country music, it's a thing. But this turns out to have been an actual legal Standing. Yes. That could be applied to people. That was not a pleasant thing to have applied to you. And it basically meant that, but you're on your own. It was a, it was applied at least at at in a lot of cases to fugitives.


But like we think of fugitives today as like people who the US marshal service goes and gets, like we talked about an operation flagship that that kind of falls under the same rubric. But this was a fugitive in that like they were summoned to court. They decided not to come to court and after a certain procedure they were declared outlaws. And that that meant like the law no longer applies to them. All the protections that are afforded to you are gone. And it does seem a little harsh, I have to say, for just failing to appear in court. Yeah. This is a long time ago though. So who, who knows what was going on back then? Sure. Mainly medieval England is what we're talking about. But the earliest kind of this Outlawry status became a law in sixth century Frankish law called the Lex Alica.


This was under King Clovis, early five hundreds. So this is a long, long time ago. And this was basically like, yeah, If you don't respond to a summons, then you're outside of the King's protection. This kind of started the legal basis for that. But Medieval England is where it's sort of most known. If you were over the age of 14 and you were a man, If you were a woman, you were said to be waived even though that it was basically the same thing. Right. But If you were over 14 and you were a male, you could be outlawed and basically say like, like you said, like, Hey, anything you do or anything anyone does to you rather, like, we're not even gonna prosecute 'em.


Somebody could break into your house and steal your stuff and you're an Outlawry, so sorry ts for you. Yeah. And so like today, our conception of Outlawry or modern conception, like say applying to Johnny Cash, like you said, or Jesse James or even Robin Hood, they're not types to show up to a legal summons. So it, they definitely do kind of fall into that same category, but we kind of have it backwards and that we, we think of those people as like, they chose a life of crime outside the law. Right. They're outlaws, but in reality, Outlawry, the, the, the law itself has withdrawn itself from you and left you outside the law kind of.


And it really caddy turn the law is like, oh, you don't recognize my jurisdiction over you. You're not going to come to court when we ask you to. Well then fine. I guess you don't need my protections anymore either. Hence, you're an Outlawry. Exactly. And you mentioned a process. There was a process, it wasn't immediate, it was a pretty slow process even. But what would happen is the sheriff of wherever you were, would locate these fugitives. They would do some investigating, see if they owned any property that they could get to basically say like, Hey, we've got your, you know, your stash of chickens come to court, maybe you'll get those chickens back.


If that never happens and they can't get them to come to court or whatever, then the sheriff has to sit through this five different times in court calling, you know, the fugitive to come forward. And after the fifth non-appearance, then they hit the gavel or drop the glove or whatever the heck they did back then and said, you sir, are an Outlawry. Yeah. And it was a big deal to be declared outlaws. We'll see, I say we take our little break, let's do it. Come back and talk about Outlawry re a little more. How about that? Let's Do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work-life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Okay. So when you were declared an Outlawry, essentially the way I saw it written was that it's, it amounted to a conviction as well as an extinction of civil rights. So there were different kinds of Outlawry we just failing to appear in court. Seems like Outlawry light. Yeah, spelled LITE. But there was also major Outlawry Re in which case you were really in trouble. He like big felonies, treason, rebellion, like big deal stuff. Could have you labeled Major Outlawry. And again, like if they did find your cash of chickens, those were theirs. Now they could take them any like real property you had anything that was yours, they could seize and keep.


And that's pretty standard stuff even still today. Like If you get caught with suspected drug money, the sheriff just keeps your money and says, prove it's not drug money. That's not like completely out of the norm. The thing that really makes Outlawry very surprising to us today is anybody could come and take your property. Anybody could come and beat you up and kill you. And because the law no longer applied to you, there was no law that was broken when they murdered you, they weren't breaking a law. You had no protection any longer. And that's the thing that makes it really kind of shocking as far as like a, a legal formality is concerned to us today. Yeah.


And even if someone, you know, your neighbor didn't come and rob your house or try and kill you or something, If you had Outlawry status, you were definitely not a part of the community anymore. You were totally ostracized and shunned. Sometimes it was just sort of the, the way that, you know, everyone shuns somebody which is very quietly and passive aggressively sometimes. It was very much official though. If they had a an Outlawry, they captured, they could say like, Hey, we're gonna really ostracize you, we're gonna send you to Australia, have fun over there. Yeah. Or America. Yeah. And you would end up being an indentured servant.


And one of the other things I read about that, that was kind of interesting, that really drove the point home. It's not just like I'm an indentured servant over here now I wish I wasn't. Like maybe around your area you might have some sympathetic friends that might hide you or bring you food out in the woods or something like that. In America or Australia, you probably knew no one. Yeah. So you had no help whatsoever and you truly were ostracized. So that in and of itself was a big deal. Another thing that could happen to you too is if the sheriff ever did catch up with you and like there was a very high chance you were just killed on site because you, it it was a death sentence for you as well.


Like they, they had no obligation to bring you in. If they wanted to just kill you and get over with it, the sheriff could do that too. You Were so close to saying Oz ostracized. Oh, I walked right past that on purpose. Oh, Okay. I'm kidding. I didn't Chuck. Okay. It was a good one. I'm glad you pointed it out. So this was, you know, usually like real outlaws, like real criminals. Even if it was something like not appearing in court, you said it was oftentimes a lot worse. But it wasn't always that in some countries, I know we talked about it in our, I think we had a leprosy episode many years ago, right? Yeah. In India, If you had leprosy you could be banned and ostracized and essentially get something akin to an Outlawry status by being sent to a lepro colony where you had, where you didn't have the same rights as everyone else.


I think they call leprosy Hansen's disease now. Is that right? Yeah. But no one would know what we meant if we just said that. So Prob probably not a few people would, and those people were very satisfied that you just said that, you Know? Yeah. And I, I knew the leper was not something that people say anymore. No. Yeah. But yeah, I can't remember, remember who Hansen was. I think we talked about them in the episode too. But yeah, that was a long time ago, but it's a good episode. Yeah. Haven't heard it in a while. Same. There were some ways to, to have your Outlawry status revoked. One of them was just showing up to court. Yeah. There was a specific court you had to go to. It was the king's bench in London, so you had to make your way to London and you basically pled to have it removed.


And I think that that was part of the procedure because again, If you showed up to the court that had called you in the first place, you might be murdered. And that would be that. Yeah. So that was, I think, the initial part of the process. And there, there does seem to be like a, a pretty generous amount of forgiveness for, you know, lesser crimes, I think like that where you just hadn't shown up. Right. Especially if you're like, I'm sorry, my foot, I twisted my ankle jogging and I, I just couldn't make it to court. Or you know, my stupid cousin was supposed to to take me, but his cart broke down. That kind of thing. The court would probably take pity on you and, and remove your Outlawry status because now you were playing ball with him, which is the whole point of them conferring you an Outlawry is that they, you hadn't in the first place.


What was really shocking to me is that this same stuff could be applied to somebody in a civil case. Like somebody's like, this guy stole my chickens, I'm gonna sue you and you didn't show up. You could also be considered an Outlawry for that too. That's just nuts. Yeah, that is remarkable to hear. And it wasn't until 1879 that England revoked that part of their Outlawry statute that it couldn't be used in civil cases anymore. But as far as I know, and I looked high and low for definitive proof of this, but just from references I saw, it seems like there's still Outlawry books or Outlawry statutes on the books for criminal acts.


Wow. Yeah. Let's get rid of those. So do it. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Well, Dave, this was a great idea. Thanks for it. Short Stuff is that Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.