
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave. So this is Short Stuff. Yeah, I'm, this is an episode where I was very surprised and I even went back that when we did our episode on wasps, we even got emails about this, so I'm pretty sure we did not cover it. Yeah, but we're talking about fig wasps of the fig tree specifically, not the kind that you see. You know, like almost all fig tree varieties are not ones that you eat the fruit of. That's a very specific one. The ones like you have out in your yard, they develop without pollination, which means they're part acar. But the ones that where you eat the Figs, they're grown commercially, mainly in California.


Here in the United States they are Cala Merna Figs and they are imported from Turkey. And the ficus cuka ika or the fig wasp is also imported from Turkey 'cause they have a very special relationship. Yeah. So fig wasps and that specific kind of fig apparently co-evolved over the last 60 million years to form a mutually symbiotic relationship. As our friend Connor from Love on the Spectrum would say where the fig wasp depends on the fig for its reproductive cycle. The fig depends on the fig wasp for its reproductive cycle.


And If you didn't have one or the other, the other one would not exist. Yeah, totally. And we're gonna tell you how that happens right now. I was gonna say right after this, but that'd be way too soon for sure. First thing we need to say is that the fig, the thing that you're eating, it's something within a, a larger structure and it's called a zirconium is what you're actually eating. It's sort of like a inverted flower. And it's not really a fruit necessarily. No. And what happens is these Cala Merna farmers in California, they have female trees that are gonna produce that edible version of the Synchronia and they have male trees that produce an inedible version called a golf fig.


And if they wanna pollinate those, a wasp has to crawl into that cinon a female wasp. She loses her wings on the way 'cause she has a squeezed through a tight little passage and it's a one-way trip, which is very sad. And you end up eating that female wasp. She's broken down by something called ine. It's a protein digesting enzyme. So when you eat a fig, there is a little bit of female wasp inside of that thing just broken down and becoming part of that edible fig. Yeah. But essentially you're not gonna be able to detect it on your tongue. Some people think that the little tiny seeds inside of a fig are wasp parts because there's been such a, a legend that developed about like fig wasps and it is true to some degree, but for the most part, no you're not detecting a fig wasps like body or exoskeleton when you're eating a fig.


You are eating part of a wasp though. Like don't, yeah. Make no mistake. For sure. And I mentioned it was a one-way trip. It's, it's fairly sad that that happens, but it's all in good service of that mutual arrangement. Before that happens, this female wasp is gonna come out of an inedible male fig, I guess I, I'm gonna call it a fruit because she was born there and she has mated by that point with a blind wingless male wasp who never leaves that male fig. So she exits that inedible male fig, she picks up some pollen, she's got all these eggs and at that point she can either go to a male fig tree or a female fig tree. But if she lands on that female fig tree, her ova poser is too short to reach into this really, you know, long styled female flower.


So she can't lay those eggs in there. She does end up pollinating it, but she sacrifices her life in doing so. Yeah. She makes it all the way to the cin conium and finds like, I've literally just wasted my life. Yeah, but her life is not a waste because if she didn't accidentally enter a female fig where she was trying to reproduce or lay her eggs in a male fig, then the Figs would not get pollinated. So Figs get pollinated because fig wasps sometimes make mistakes when choosing a male or a female fig to burrow into and lay their eggs. I find that amazing. Yeah, It, it's pretty great. Like it, it works both ways. If she goes into that male fig, then she's gonna deposit those fertilized eggs and that circle just kind of keeps going on and on.


Farmers separate these trees out to try and keep them from doing that. I Protest that. I'm protesting. Oh you're protesting them doing that. I protest that there are male and female fig trees. I've seen that they're self pollinating and hermaphroditic including the ones that you eat. So I'm going on record as saying that, Well you are wrong my friend. 'cause this farmer that was interviewed said that they separate those male and female trees. I don't think he's just making that up to aggravate you. What if He's completely off his rocker? I mean are all the farmers and all the sources completely off their rocker? So I think this is just one of those times where we're gonna have to agree to disagree. Do you agree?


Sure. That's very agreeable that Alright, we'll be back right after this.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids spill, pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly andrus by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


So a few things that we can remember is that that female wasp dies inside that edible fig. And there have been people like vegans that there are vegans and I say there have been, there are literally vegans who won't eat that, but it's, there are bugs in almost every fruit that you eat there. There are levels of bug, I was about to say infestation, but just bug activity that's acceptable for the USDA tomato ketchup. Apparently it has the highest USDA grade standard possible and it can have no more than 30 fruit fly eggs per every 100 grams of ketchup. How? Like surely I guess there's some quality control where they take some like a hundred ounces or a hundred grams of ketchup and count the fruit, fly eggs in it.


Right. I don't know how they Do that. And if that is, like, if they find 31 or even a hundred, that doesn't necessarily mean that the next bottle's gonna have the same amount because I mean, we're talking fruit fly eggs, right? From all sorts of different tomatoes in each bottle. It yeah, it, it boggles my mind. I don't know how they do this. No, I Mean, or how they enforce it, I guess is what I mean. Yeah. I bet someone, or it might be one of those things where like, no one's even paying attention to this. Right. The vegans are, the vegans are watching you. Yes. They're always watching. I did mention though, that the farmers try and control the, you know, the separating those trees out to control because it can be a problem if there are too many seeds that fruit can burst open and all of a sudden it's not, you know, it's good for the plant but it's not good to harvest for the farmers.


So they're trying to sell these things so they separate those trees out over some pretty great distances and also control the number of new wasps that they bring in. They're like, they're wasp wranglers as well as farmers. And they get these things delivered to their house, to their farm in paper sacks and they can pretty much control exactly how many females have access to the correct plant. Yeah. And those paper sacks also usually include a tiny cowboy hat and a tiny glass of, and then just one, one more time to just kind of go over this again, just to calm anybody's fears. You probably are eating some insects. So vegans, you're right, If you don't want to eat insects, you probably should steer clear Figs. But the fig is designed to digest the female wasp that dies inside of it and breaks it down for nutrients for itself.


So just don't worry about eating wasps. I don't know why everybody's so worried about eating wasps, chuck. Yeah, I mean, it, it, it is fig at that point that wasp becomes fig. Right? In fact, that's a great T-shirt. Wasp B becomes fig. I agree wholeheartedly. Well, since we came up with a t-shirt, obviously everybody, that means Short Stuff is apps. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.