
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms, Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, there's Chuck. There's Jerry there. And we're caught in a web of greatness because this is Short Stuff from Stuff You Should Know. Are you sure? Aw, my brain got zapped for a second there. You know, I just saw a Giro spider today eating, either eating a bee or fighting a bee. I don't know what was going on, but it was tangling with a bee. Could have been two different steps Perhaps. I've seen a bunch of them myself. We have them all over the house And I had been remarking to myself like, wow, these things are all over the place and you sent this.


And I was like, oh, well that's why they're an invasive species that's right here in Georgia, South Carolina for sure. And they're starting to move a little bit northwestward into other southern states like Tennessee and Alabama, but definitely up the eastern seaboard. And what we're talking about is what CNN called giant venomous Joro Spiders are infiltrating parts of the US Can you believe that? I mean they're ve they're venomous, they're giant and they are in rating. But come on. Yeah. So the, after you guys hear the Short Stuff, you will realize how just preposterous that headline from CNN is.


Yeah, for sure. So the scientific name of these beautiful, beautiful spiders are Nephila cda and they are from East Asia and they got over here like a lot of things get over here, which is in like shipping containers and stuff. A lot of times it's like lumber is how you get a lot of insects coming in. And they came over from East Asia and really made a home here in the southeast since I think 2013 is when they first spotted 'em in Georgia. Yeah, Georgia leads the way in Joro Spiders. Yeah, Atlanta's the, the hub. Yeah. I think my house is the hub actually. They're, They're, well you're also seeing a lot of them now because the adults come out and spin their webs in August, September, October.


So like you said, they're from East Asia and in Japan they're called Juro Gummo. And the reason I say juro, a lot of people say juro, which makes sense 'cause it's spelled JORO. But in the Japanese spelling there's a, a long symbol over the second O. So the first one would not be a hard O, it'd be Jaro. Okay. That's right. And that means entangling or binding bride. And you'll see why they call 'em that in Korea. They're called ang gummi, which means shaman or fortune teller. So however you slice it, these things have pretty cool names and aptly so because like you said, they're just absolutely beautiful and they are pretty good size enough so that you can see like all of them pretty clearly.


Yeah, I mean they're big, they're orb weavers, so they're gonna weave those big beautiful webs that, I mean their webs can be 10 feet wide. The one I almost walked into the other day, like face first was probably about four feet wide and strung between two outdoor umbrellas that were not close to each other. So I don't know if that part counts as the width or not. If that does, it was more like eight feet. Wow. But if you've seen these things and you said like, oh, that's just a garden spider. We have those when I was growing up. What are you talking about guys? Not the same spider. The the, the garden spider looks a lot like it, but there are some differences because they're, well, different spiders, garden spiders, the females are bigger than the males.


And as far as the markings go, the garden spiders have yellow and black basically only. And the giros have yellow and dark blue with a little bit of red on their belly. Yeah. They also have orange bands like around their legs. They're just really, really pretty. The males of the Joro Spiders too are smaller and they're kind of drab looking. So If you ever see a Giro spider and you're like, wow, that is a cool looking spider, it's, it's a female every time. And then the other dead giveaway is if it's spinning a web, it's a female, 'cause only the females spin webs for Joro Spiders. And you said you walked face first into, or you almost walked face first into a web.


Correct. Have you ever run into one? I mean, I've walked through some, some spiderwebs in my day. Like you do that a lot when you're like back backpacking 'cause you don't see 'em on the trail. Right. So that happens a lot. And here that, like I walked through one earlier just kind of on my arms, but it wasn't, you know, the, the nightmare scene where it's, you realize it three inches from the spider being on your face kind of thing. Yeah. So one of the things that's characteristic of Giro spiderwebs is they don't necessarily break. Like it takes a lot to just walk through them. Like you can walk through 'em and you're kind of gonna bounce off a little bit.


It's not, you know, not gonna send you flying backwards, but it's not just gonna snap as you walk through it. And I saw that they, those webs are so strong, birds can perch on them. Like it's not like the bird's getting caught in the web, but they can like just perch on the, on the web for a little while where they figure out where to fly next. Wow. That's a strong spider web That is. Is that a good time for a break? I think so. All right, we'll take a break and we'll be right back after I go take a quick shower.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms apply, see Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One, NA member FD.


Hey friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service. You need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important. At and t recently completed an at and t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle, buy feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story, at and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well at and t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting Changes everything at t.


So one of the reasons that Joro Spiders are spreading so quickly is because they're, they're very new, like you said, a little over 10 years since they were first spotted in the us which means that predators haven't, I guess, spotted them yet. So they have a ready supply of flying insects. They apparently, particularly like stinkbugs and little competition for those insects in part I think because they weave their web higher than other spiders that they would be competing with for food. And so ample supply of food and no predators means that any species is going to just boom for a while.


And that's what we're in, we're in the golden age of Joro Spiders booming all over the eastern United States. That's right. And If you think, you know, how far north are they gonna get right now? And I read an article I think from June 24 that said West Virginia is about as far north as they've gone so far except for a satellite population in Baltimore. So they, I guess got on a container, went to Baltimore and were like, this isn't so bad. I think one of the things we didn't mention that, you know, since they're so native to Georgia especially, or not native I guess, but invaded in Georgia first, the University of Georgia has done a lot of studying on them and they found that, turns out these guys can live in a lot colder weather than they previously thought they could.


So they'll be, they'll be to you soon. New Jersey, New York and beyond. Yeah. So a little bit more about the actual spiders themselves and how they behave. You'll notice like there's a couple of different webs basically right up on each other. Joro Spiders live very close together, I guess they're not super territorial, if at all. And again, If you see a, a beautiful spider in the web, it's a female and there's probably a male trying to get to her and he is using all sorts of cute little tricks to, to make his way from one place to another toward his intended love target. Oh man, you almost said lover Spider lover.


I would not say that. I'm so, I get so deeply disturbed by that word for some reason. Oh, Me too. I think a lot of people have that reaction. There's something, and not only that, but the phrase take a lover, it's just Like, yes, it's So gross to me. Oh my god. That and moist. And If you put 'em together especially, Oh goodness me, you need some of that. I'll never know. Eye bleach Studio 54 joke. Yeah, we need that easy clean, clean rubber. Yeah. Oh Goodness. How did this get so dirty all of a sudden? Alright, so they live close to each other. The males are trying to get the attention. They may float on little cobwebby type things and just be like, Hey, look over here. And the reason they don't just jump up in a, in a web and say, let's get this thing over with is because the female will probably kill the male and eat it.


So they're, they're walking a very fine line trying to get some attention without being eaten. So the University of Georgia professor said, you know, a lot of times like while the female is eating something, they might just walk up and say, Hey, are you enjoying that? What do you think of me? Right. They apparently also the males will like fly float on the air with a little bit of gosser, like a little parachute or a hang glider from like tree to tree or branch to branch making their way toward a a web, which is pretty cute If you ask me. But my friend, should people be killing these things because they're invasive? No you shouldn't for one thing.


It's not entirely clear what kind of impact they're having on the ecosystems they move into, but there's certainly no apocalyptic impacts going on. Yeah. Because everything seems to be fine and the other spider populations don't seem to be shrinking as the Joro Spiders move in it. That's a really bizarre thing if that's true. If they're having like no weird impact. But again, they expect that they're going to start being predated on. That's harder to say than you'd think. Yeah. Pretty soon. So we don't, shouldn't have much to worry about. And I hope this isn't one of those podcasts that ages like milk, you know? Yeah. But yes, I'm hoping that, that all the entomologists are right, where they're like, just relax everybody.


They're, they're poisonous or they're venomous and they will bite you under certain circumstances, but you, If you leave 'em alone or even If you walk into their web more often than not, they're going to run away from you. So to answer your question a very long roundabout way, no, you should not kill them. No, I think they're basically saying, Hey, there's plenty of stinkbugs, so that's fine. It's not like they're killing off the honeybees and if they do bite you it, it'll, you know, you might get a little local reaction, but it's not the kind of venom that's gonna do any kind of harm to you really. No. And this article likened it to a bee sting And I remember yu me getting bitten by one of these And I asked her, I was like, was it like a bee thing?


She's like, no, it wasn't, wasn't nearly as bad. Yeah, that's, so I decided that wasn't a dramatic enough story, so I was gonna tell everybody that her hand blew up like a Cabbage Patch doll. She got bitten by one. Huh? How'd that happen? She was gardening and they, they are all over our yard. Yeah. And they've got in like one of her rose bushes while she was deadheading her roses and yeah, it, she got too close And it went And that was that. I'm gonna get you me some gardening gloves. Oh she's got some, but sure. Give her some more. She's reach to all the heidi holes with those things on. Yeah, for sure. Especially those heavy duty ones.


You got anything else? I don't think so. No. I feel like we covered everything, Chuck. Well you know what that means. Short Stuff is app Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.