
Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy-duty half-ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry sitting in for Dave. Let's get started with The. wAve. I am glad you did this. I was kind of curious about the origins of the old wave. Oh yeah. You don't know what you mean. Yeah. It's now kind of all over the world in various places, but it started out as American thing that people would do in the stands at sports games where one bit at a time and all around the whole stadium, people would stand up and, and raise their arms up over their head. And If, you look at it as it goes around the stadium, it looks like a wave is moving across the fans.


Yeah. Because after they raised their arms over their heads standing up, they would sit back down and the next section would do it And. it would just move seamlessly. When done correctly for my money. It's one of the best things that could ever happen to you is to be in a really good wave. Oh my God, I find them so thrilling. I was really surprised to find that some people not only hate The wAve, they're like, they denigrate people who like The wAve or who, who do The wAve. Okay. Don't get it. What do you think about The wAve? I was afraid you were gonna ask me that. I knew it. I'm not a waver per se. I don't bemoan it. I'm not one of these people that's like, there's a game going on.


Oh, okay. And blah, blah blah. Okay. Nothing like that. I just, I got to a certain point where I like, I don't wanna just stand up and throw my arms in the air and wave 'em. Like I just don't care. Sometimes if I'm in the right mood and this is so lazy, I won't stand up, but I'll throw my arms up just to be, you know, kind of a good sport. I've seen that. Sure. And you know, now that Ruby is old enough to go to sporting events, I will of course do full wave participant. Very nice. Because that's something like a kid would really enjoy. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna rain on her parade. Yeah. And now that I think about it, I might like The wAve so much because I haven't done it since I was a kid, essentially. So they Didn't do it at the Wrigley Field.


We went to our, the Cubs game together. And I. Don't think there was a wave, was There. No, they didn't. And Chuck, I was watching videos of waves today. They're a sorry, shadow of their former self If. you wanna see a good wave? Yeah. I found a video called The wAve at Michigan Stadium 1984. That's a wave The wAve that we used to do it in the eighties. So go check that video out and you'll be like, wow. That that is, that's a pretty good wave. Wave Michigan stadium, huh? Yep. 1984. Don't forget that part. So as wholesome as I think The wAve is, it turns out there's actually like a fair bit of controversy around it, specifically around who invented The wAve.


And what's mind boggling is there's two people who claim to have invented it. Yeah. And they seem to have independently come up with it or debuted it within two weeks of one another. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty, it's a pretty crazy story. And crazy being the key word here, because crazy with a k George Henderson is our first entrance into The wAve invention sweepstakes because he was a San Jose, Jose State cheerleader who graduated college, I guess, and this was in the 1970s. And then was just sort of a, a freelance cheerleader for different pro teams and was working an a's game on October 15th, 1981, a baseball game for the Oakland Athletics playing the Yankees in Oakland.


And you can watch this on YouTube footage from that game where crazy George has a drum and he gets fans to do a version of The wAve. In this version though, it's sort of one section goes and then the next section goes. Whereas a true wave is just a continuous sort of motion and sections be damned. Yeah. It's much more fluid. But there are a couple of points in that footage of that first wave in, in 1981 and October 15th, where they're going fast enough that it seems like they're, it, it does look like a wave for a second, but I get what you're saying. It's not what he was doing.


Right. Yeah. So It was a, It was a version. It was a proto wave. Yeah, it was a proto wave. But crazy. George Henderson says, no, this was The wAve. I've been working on this for years. Before that game in Oakland, he used to be a professional cheerleader at the Colorado Rockies NHL franchise games in Denver back in the late seventies. And he started coming up with The wAve there. But there were so few people at those games, it didn't really amount to very much. And also it, these games weren't very well covered, so he never got people to do The wAve in any substantial way on camera. It wasn't until that Oakland A game that he was able to document it on camera, posted it on the internet and was like, ipso facto.


I created The wAve. That's right. And if stop your email now, if you're thinking Josh, Josh, the Colorado Rockies are a baseball team that weren't even around in the seventies, that was an NHL franchise first. And they would eventually become the New Jersey doubles. I had it right. You had it right. The second entrant into The wAve Sweepstakes is a guy named Rob Weller. He's from Tacoma, Washington. And was, this is so great. He was known as the Yell King, AKA, the greatest cheerleader in UDub history. Yeah. So he would go on to host entertainment tonight in the early eighties. So I was a big fan 'cause I was a, a little 10-year-old that loved entertainment tonight.


Do you Remember him? Oh yeah. Oh really? Okay, cool. Oh dude. I watched Entertainment Tonight every night from, I remember when it debuted. I was so excited. That's really funny. Because It was like movie news and that's all I cared about. Okay. But he called his And I. I'm surprised this didn't, frankly surprised this didn't stick. He called it the expandable cheer. Right. He had like the, the right idea. At first he was just going the wrong way. So he did The wAve. He had people do The wAve, but it was section by section And. it would go from bottom to top. Yeah. So at this one game on Halloween, 19 81, 2 weeks after that Oakland A's game, he was having people do the expandable cheer.


And at halftime, the band director Bill Bissell came over. He said, Hey, let me ask you something. Have you ever thought about taking that expandable wave and sending it outward rather than upward? You're Expanding the wrong way. Rob Weller picked his jaw off the ground. Yeah. Hugged Bill Bissell tighter than he is ever hugged anybody else in his life. And set about starting The wAve. That's right. And maybe we should take a break here and talk about the fight that ensued right after this.


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit to Apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. And you walk away whistling and happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain square space.


Okay. So these two guys both lay claim to The wAve. They have fought about it in a very childish manner over the years. I think it's fairly tongue in cheek. It's gotta be, I don't know. You don't Think so? I don't know. It's possible, but it's also possible that it's not really all that tongue in cheek. Oh, okay. Well Bissell, the band director that you mentioned before that expanded it outward with weller's consent says, well first of all, that other wave, it's not a true oval. That was a baseball stadium. It's a diamond. And so that doesn't count. I throw water all over that argument. 'cause you could do a wave in a square room. You could do it in a Yeah.


A literal square room. As long as you kept that motion constant. Right. He also pointed out that so poo on that. Sure. His second point was that it was nothing more than a standup cheer section by section. Right. He's got A point There. He definitely has a point there. He goes on to say in in the press, as far as I'm concerned, crazy George can climb a pole and sit on it. Which is an awful thing to say because if you've ever seen the victims of Vladi paler, that's not a pleasant way to go. Oh, did he meant him be impaled? No, but he didn't think it through. He didn't think about the consequences. Bill Bissell didn't. Yeah.


By the mid 1980s, The wAve had really caught on the, no matter who invented it, every stadium had their own version. It might have a special name, I believe Michigan that you talked about had what was called the silent wave. It was creepy. Some places they would jingle their car keys, stuff like that. Sometimes they got really creative and the waves would, would go around opposite each other and meet in the middle. That's awesome. But this is about when people started saying, Hmm, this thing is sort of disrupting my enjoyment of the game a little bit. Yeah. Just real quick, can't you see somebody doing a jingling car keys wave, like stand up and they don't have any keys and they sit down and they're like, I really need to get a car.


Yeah. Or the key fob just doesn't do the same thing. Right. So what was this 1984 that it really kinda spread in just a few years? Yeah. That was in America, in the United States, I should say, for the rest of the world. If, you are talking about The wAve. You might be listening and being like, I think I know what they're talking about. We don't call it The wAve. We call it the Mexican wave. And that's true. The rest of the world outside of the United States calls The wAve the Mexican wave. And there's a really good reason why. That's right. Because it started in Mexico. That's right. Specifically, Or it was spread internationally in Mexico rather. Yeah. So it started in the United States.


And, it spread like a wave down to Mexico. And Mexico hosted the World Cup in 1986. And by this time the people of Mexico had been doing The wAve for years. And during a game they did The wAve. And the world was just taken aback and fell in love with The wAve. And still today you can see football games, meaning soccer, where people are doing The, wAve. They love it. Yeah. But they call it the Mexican wave. That's right. And if you're sitting at home thinking, guys, this is pretty good. I know a little history here, but I mean, you guys usually dig into the science of things. Sure. Surely there's been a scientific studies about The wAve, right? Yeah. Believe it or not, there have been, in 2002 there was some physicists from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences that built computer models analyzing lots and lots of waves at sporting events.


They actually released this in nature, the periodical nature, very respected. And NPR reported on it. And they had three key parameters that they kinda looked at, which was the distance between the, the, you know, sports goers, how many neighbors that an audience member. An audience member. That's a weird way to say somebody at a football game. Sure. But whatever. Yeah. How, how many neighbors that you could see, and then the readiness or probability of an individual to start standing up, assuming others nearby are already standing. What in the world does that even mean? It's, it's saying whether the person involved is a grump or not. How many grumps do you have in the, in the stands essentially.


Right. Interestingly, out of all this, I think the most interesting part is that they narrowed it down to like 20 or 30 people is all it takes to start a wave. Yeah. Not only that, they roll clockwise almost invariably. And yeah, they move at a speed of about 20 seats per second these scientists figured out. But yeah, that is, that that's not very many people to start a wave. Especially if the crowd's in a good mood. And that's a really important point, If, you start a wave at a critical moment in a game you're going to get shouted at even by people who like The wAve because that is the wrong time to do it. There's a time for The wAve and there's a time for not The wAve, I'm just trying to picture like, you know, bottom of the ninth, two outs, bases loaded and guy's like, come on everybody.


Yeah, let's give em a wave. It's like, yeah, you're not supposed to do it. Do it when it's a little boring and the crowd needs, you know, everyone's drinking a little bit, everyone's having a good time, maybe they're a little bored, maybe they're up seven to nothing in a baseball game at the home field. And so people are like, well let's do something that's a great time to start. The wAve. I've never started a wave I've been a part of. The saddest thing is when someone attempts to start The, wAve And, it just doesn't happen. Yeah. It's a very shameful sit down. Yeah, It is. It's like being the one person to start the standing ovation and no one else liked the the show as much as they did. Yeah. The great comedian Gary Goldman talks about standing ovations and he's like, you're gonna be standing in a minute to leave anyway.


Right. You might as well. Right, exactly. So there are people out there who are like, I don't like The wAve. I don't like it. If we're up seven to nothing, I don't like it. If it's a boring game, people need to be paying attention to the game. And If, you are into The wAve, you're not a real sports fan. Some people think like that. Right. Announcers, you'll hear announcers get grumpy about it sometimes. So yeah. Some people who don't like it say that it detracts focus from the game. Other people are like, you know, If, you do it at the wrong time. You could cost the the home team, the game. Oh, come on. And the chances of that are pretty slim. But those things have enough momentum that there is a website called Stop The wAve dot net, which is now a Facebook group. And Tumblr, the Texas Rangers on their scoreboard, they had a message back in 2022 that said that fans participating in The wAve risk pulled muscles And that children found doing it will be sold to the circus.


And that's so funny. Even Weller Rob Weller your friend from Entertainment Tonight, he turned on his own creation. If he was actually the creator, he was gonna start a Stop The wAve movement with bumper stickers and everything. And then he stopped himself. He realized like, people still like it, it brings people joy. Who am I to try to get people to stop doing it. That's right. And he's a, a great man. He's no John Tesh. Oh man. But I say Keep The wAve going even though I'm not the most enthusiastic waiver. And stop that Tomahawk Chop Atlanta Braves and Kansas City Chiefs in Florida State Seminoles. Yeah. That, that's as pernicious as kudzu Do. The wAve instead.


That's it for Short. Stuff everybody. Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.