
Hey everybody. During Cybersecurity Awareness Month, LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. Using multifactor authentication can be a line of defense to help protect your personal information, like getting a text with a security code. but LifeLock offers comprehensive protection against identity theft. LifeLock not only alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal information, but also fixes issues. That arise, guaranteed or your money back. Protect your identity today with a 30 day free trial. At lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


Hey And. Welcome to the Short Stuff Josh. Here, Chuck here. Let's get going with Short Stuff cause it love this one. That's Right, yet another maritime disaster. Our most popular subfield It seems like Yeah. I Wanna give a huge shout out to Strange Company? A great website. They have a Friday link dump every every week. It's really great. but they also just write on strange mysteries. And weird stuff. And. That's where I first heard of this. but also hat tip to the Maui Times. And the LA Times for some help with getting our facts straight on this Yeah I. Think We could, We could maybe even do maritime disasters. you Should Know as its own. Separate little short.


Podcast Yeah. People love maritime disasters. Can't get enough of It. They're all sickos. All Right. So this is the story of the Sarah Joe. It takes place. In 1979 when a, a guy from California, a 27-year-old named Scott Morman, who was living in Hawaii, went with four construction worker buddies. Went to them And, said Hey Guys, let's not do our work today. Let's go, let's go fishing. It's a great day. Let's do it. One of the guys, Ralph Malala I, he had a access to a boat from his brother Robert, who did not go on this trip. but a seven a 17 foot Boston Whaler named the Sarah Joe And.


The five of these guys who were, you know, they weren't super experienced fishermen, but they knew their way around a boat. And, And Ocean set out for, you know, probably not a three hour tour, but maybe a six hour tour. Yeah from Haah Hawaii. I believe on the island of Maui And. cause this was not supposed to be more than a few hour tour. They didn't pack a ton of supplies. They were just going fishing. It was a beautiful day. And, like you said, they, they skipped work to take advantage of it. Robert Ralph Maah II's brother later said, That the Sea looked like a Lake That day. but within two hours of them setting out on the Sarah Joe It just completely turned And.


Within a couple hours of That. There was a gale. That had whipped up. And It was just not a good scene for somebody to be o out in an open boat on No And, it disappeared. That boat was gone. The Coast Guard went looking. Obviously they spent about a week searching. They eventually called off their search and that friends And family kept looking for about another month. And never found anything at all. No Trace anywhere of any of these guys. Anything on That boat, any part of That boat. And it guess It seemed like That was probably the end of the story at the time until a decade later in September 88 when a marine biologist named John Naughton was doing some research on an uninhabited island or actually a string of islands.


The TGI Atoll near the Marshall Islands And. He saw a boat And. He was like, wait a minute, it's got a Hawaiian registry. I. Think that's the Sarah Joe And. The reason I know That is 'cause I was one of the guys 10 years earlier. That was looking for it. Yeah isn't That nuts. That's amazing. I mean What. Just a crazy twist of fate. cause if he hadn't have been in the search And, he said he immediately thought of the Sarah Joe. If he hadn't have been, you know, primed already 10 years before to to be thinking about That boat. Who knows if anybody would've ever don anything about It. but John Naughton, he started looking around. And found near the boat.


There was a pile of rocks. And. It turned out to be a burial mound on top of It. Kind of a dead giveaway is, was a driftwood cross And a part of a jawbone And. When the rocks were removed, you found more parts of a skeleton and that there was one other thing, a little pad or a little stack of paper. That had been partially burned. And That was it John Naughton looked around the rest of the beach. He didn't find anything else. He didn't find any other remains. He didn't find anything but this weird assemblage of clues. And human remains. That's right. Which raises some very big questions, which we'll answer after the break.


Namely, how did this boat get 2300 miles away? How did this guy die? When did he die? Who buried this guy? And. Where are the other four guys? It's a lot of questions. We'll Be Right back.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more And. Their workout gear is designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah, Let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause It has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So It ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on It. That's Right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style. And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences. And more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


So Chuck, you just rattled off a lot of questions. And. First thing We should say is That after M, after Naughton got the, the remains back into the hands of the US Army Central Identification Lab in Hawaii. They couldn't determine how this person died or or when they died. but they did determine That. It was Scott Mormon, the native Californian, who was one of the guys who shipped out on That boat with the other four dudes. It definitely was somebody from That, Sarah Joe Expedition, fishing trip And. It definitely was the Sarah Jo boat. but That was about all of the questions. That, you just said.


That. They could answer Yeah. They, you know, of course his family was like coming up with ideas. How he Could be made It, That far, whether or not he was alive when he got there. His family thinks That. He may have gotten There alive, but that, you know, died of from the elements. And not having water. Other people say, well maybe he strapped himself to the boat. And actually died out There. but that's how he finally reached land. cause he was strapped to That boat. Right, And, We just don't know And. We also don't know who would've buried him. but That stack of papers is a pretty good clue. I think Yeah.


There's a theory. That That, he was buried by Chinese fishermen. And. The reason why is cause That stack of papers, they were like little three by three sheets of paper altogether. The stack was less than an inch thick. but the one of the major characteristics of the stack of paper was That. There was a sheet of foil in between each sheet of paper. And. The reason That, some people think That. This is a Chinese fishing expedition. That found, And buried him is cause there's in Chinese funeral customs, something called Joss paper, which is burned And. It's considered spirit money. So it's a gift to the, the deceased to use in the afterlife. And, the defining characteristic of Joss paper is That.


It has a foil lining on at least one side. The big suggestion for why they would've put across is That. They may have recognized this guy as Caucasian, which would suggest That. They found him while he was still relatively intact. but That also still leaves the question Chuck of when this burial took place. And, they think they got it within like a six year window of when, when he would've washed up onto the shore. Yeah they, they found out That There was a, a survey of That, a toll conducted in 1982. The incident took place in 79. The report didn't say anything about a boat.


you would think it would be included. I also saw That. It's possible, you know, when you're at these, you know, tiny remote islands, That, they Could be missed. Something like That That. It's, those surveys aren't the most like detailed surveys, but if they didn't Mrs it, that That would mean That. Something happened over the course of three years. Yeah isn't That Erie. So imagine That if he had strapped himself to the boat. And died in the storm or shortly after That would suggest That. He was Arif in the Pacific for three years. Dead And strapped to the Mary, the Sarah Joe Isn't That freaky Yeah I. Don't know enough about how big the ocean is to know if three years is If.


you could drift around for three years without anybody seeing you ever. That seems unlikely to me in the eighties. Yeah, well, Yeah, but it don't know man. This is a pretty remote part of the, the world. I. Think this is where That Point, Nemo area is, you know, the most remote part of, of the world. Yeah, that's furthest away from any landmass. I'm pretty sure it's in That. That, That area. That region I. Guess it's possible, but it also had to get from Hawaii to there over three years. Yeah Don don't know, I'm, I'm just speculating. I Dunno. I don't know And. If it wasn't just a drift for three years, who knows What happened that like I, I have No clue And it will probably never be answered. but the reason That, they think the Chinese fishing expedition didn't tell anybody is cause it was probably an illegal fishing expedition.


Which is, you know, they didn't tell anybody That, they found these remains, but at least they took the time to, to bury 'em. And, give them like some sort of funeral service, which is pretty top notch for illegal fishermen. If, you think about It, Yeah, I think that's the kind of coolest part of the story is That, they had enough respect for this human That they didn't even know to, to take care of it in That way, For sure. I. Think that's it for Short. Stuff Right, I Got nothing else. Short Stuff is ow Stuff you Should. Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.