
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price, learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff and happy new Year to you. This is Short Stuff with the Happy New Year edition. That's right. I believe this is coming out on New Year's Day, so I guess, I mean, that's still Happy New Year. Yeah, happy 2025 to you, Chuck. Yeah. And To you And to Jerry. Yeah. So it's appropriate that we are talking about Watch Night Tonight because it is a longstanding tradition in the African American community, specifically the African American Methodist community, that every New Year's Eve, they typically hold a service starting maybe around 7:00 PM maybe 10:00 PM and that it, it traditionally ends just after midnight, after the new year.


And the reason that it's so deeply rooted in the, in the African American community in the United States is because there was the, the what's considered the first Watch Night in this tradition came on December 31st, 1862, and the next day, Abraham Lincoln's executive order known as the Emancipation Proclamation would come into effect. That's right at the stroke of midnight. Bringing in that New Year was a very special time, obviously in America. And it was called Freedom Eve for that reason as well. But also Watch Night because you're, you're, you know, you're watching that clock ticking towards freedom.


When they gathered on that first Watch Night, there were a lot of churches who got together, obviously still legally enslaved people, and, and they waited. It's, it's a pretty amazing tradition. It, you know, beyond that, it celebrates a community. It celebrates faith, obviously, and perseverance. There's a description from the African American Museum that says, many congregants across the nation bow in prayer minutes before the midnight hour as they sing out. Watchman Watchman, please tell me the hour of the night in return, the minister will reply. It is three minutes to midnight. It is one minute before the new year. It is now midnight.


Freedom has come. Yeah. Pretty neat tradition, huh? It's amazing. I say we take an early ed break and come back and talk a little more about this tradition. All right, let's do it.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world, and when it comes to investing everyday brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement Podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


So Chuck, this is very much associated with, again, the African American and specifically Methodist community. One of the other traditions is that on New Year's Day, they'll have a, an amazing meal usually of southern cuisine like hopping, John, of course, potato Salad, which is more German than Southern cornbread. That's a big one. And it just sounds as delicious as can be. And a lot of people say like, okay, yes, Watch Night. The first one ever was December 31st, 1862. But what a lot of people don't understand is that Watch Night was already a tradition in the Methodist denomination. So the enslaved Africans who got together for this first Watch Night were actually doing two things.


They were observing that traditional Methodist Watch Night service, but this one was extra special because of the Emancipation Proclamation coming into effect the next day. Yeah. And it kind of took on a, a double meaning at that point. Right. Interestingly, it goes back to the Moravians who I know we've talked about more than once on this show over the years. That doesn't sound right. The Moravians, and it would be the Czech Republic. Now, way back in 1733, John Wesley was the founder of the Methodists. Got it from the Moravians, brought the Watch Night vigil along to his denomination in about 1740.


But these, they would hold once a month on full moons. They would have a service, I believe the first one was in, in the United States at least, was in 1770 in Philadelphia at Old St. George's Church. And they continue to this day as Covenant Renewal Services. So, you know, it's, it's a, it's a bit different obviously, than the meaning it would have later on with the Emancipation Proclamation, but the, the double meaning is still held true in dear. Yeah. And the original Watch Night and still today, one of the, the big threads to it, or the point to it is to get Methodists to reflect on just how well they're living their life.


I think the Snopes put it in a way that If you basically die tomorrow Yeah. Where, where are you gonna go? Yeah. Essentially. And that, I guess is a pretty good thing to reflect on every, every four weeks. Sure. 'cause a lot of, a lot of stuff can happen in four weeks. You know, I was doing good last month this month, not so much. Right. But yeah, that, that 1862 Watch Night just changed everything so much that people don't even associate it with that original version, that Covenant Renewal service any longer. They disassociate it with it, the freedom from slavery. And of course the Emancipation Proclamation didn't just like immediately free slaves.


It did on paper. Legally, as far as the US federal government was concerned, all, all enslaved people were free as of January 1st, 1863. But the United States, the union was at war with the Confederacy and the Confederacy wasn't exactly observing new federal laws, especially ones that freed the enslaved people in the south. Yeah. They weren't like, okay, we'll comply sounds good. No, it just did not go like that. But just the, the gravity of what had just happened, this executive order proclaimed by Lincoln, which apparently first came in September 22nd, 1862, he basically said, Hey, everybody get ready for it.


'cause on January 1st of next year, all enslaved people are going to be free. He said that all persons held as slaves within any state or designated part of a state, the people aware of shall then be in rebellion against the United States, shall be then fenced forward and forever free. And there is probably no sweeter words for enslaved people to hear coming outta Abraham Lincoln's mouth at the time. Yeah. And then Lincoln kind of grinned and said, man, just wait till you see the statue they're gonna build of me. Yeah. It's gonna be boss like, People are gonna love me. This is gonna be so great. Yeah. And for great reason these days, the services can vary kind of depending on the congregation.


Sometimes, like you said, they'll start a little earlier in the evening and maybe end at like 10 o'clock. So you can still go out and, you know, celebrate New Year's however you want. Sometimes that is New Year's for you and you take it all the way to midnight, depending on the church, they might really emphasize the Emancipation Proclamation aspect of it. Sometimes they might do that at all. It kind of just depends on where you're going. 'cause it does, it is a night that very much has two distinct meanings. Yeah. For those congregants whose services end at 10, they're very well known to hop in a cab and put on their big oversized Nivea hat. Right. And say, get me to Times Square stat.


That's one tradition I've never had any interest in doing Me either. Zero. That sounds so terrible. I mean, of course the, the legend associated with it, which apparently is quite true, is like, If you have to PTS for you, because Yep. You have to stay in the same spot that you arrived in. And If you leave, you cannot come back in. So If you wanna stay there until midnight, buddy, you better be able to hold your pee for like six hours. You know, people are peeing in things right there next, Next to you. Yeah. You know, If you look over somebody zoned out and they have like a, a look of relief across their face. Right. They're peeing themself right then. Yeah. Why Is that guy drinking yellow Gatorade, Brody?


Yeah. Short Stuff is apt. Happy New Year everybody. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.