
You've probably heard a lot about electrified vehicles lately. Well, Toyota has electrified options for every lifestyle. We've got hybrids, no plug needed. Let's go. But we also have plugin hybrids, if that's your thing. Woo hoo. You can even go 100% electric in the Toyota BZ four X With so many options for reducing carbon emissions. Toyota is electrified, diversified. Learn more about our beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here sitting in for Dave. So it's Short, Stuff, And now Chupacabra. That's right. Was that okay? That was gold. Alright, good. I asked Chuck, Chuck said that before we were recorded. I was like, can you please say that on this episode? It was just that great. It's Better than saying goat sucker. 'cause that sounds like a very nasty thing that you would call somebody. But that's the literal translation of Chupacabra. Chupa means to suck. Hence why they call 'em chupa chops. I just realized And chabra means goat, not cobra like you would think it means goat. So Chupacabra means goat sucker, not cobra sucker.


That's right. And if you're already frustrated a minute and a half in, because you don't know what these words mean. We are talking about the probably urban legend of the crypted, which is an animal that doesn't exist, but is has a great legend around it of the chuka. Here I go. The Chupacabra AKA, the goat sucker. Yeah. There's a reason that they call it a goat sucker too, and it's pretty straightforward. Yeah. I mean one of the telltale signs of the Chupacabra if they have come by your, your farm in the middle of the night is you will wake up to dead farm animals that have been drained of their blood, Usually with puncture wounds in their neck.


That's right. And often there's a lot of them and some Chupacabra sightings or attacks, I guess hundreds of different animals around a farm. Sometimes domestic pets, sometimes wild animals in the area are found dead all at once. The thing is this Chupacabra, which is cryptic, we should say, no one's ever actually seen one in all of the sightings and evidence that has been collected can be easily explained away by science. It's, it's, it's not that big. And from what I can tell there, people seem to believe there's just one. Did you get that impression like there's a Chupacabra, like there's a lochness monster. Oh, okay. Not that Chupacabra are ape a different species or race of something to where there's multiple ones.


Did you, that's the impression that I have. I'm not Sure I got that impression, but I'm not sure that that, that I'm right about that impression. Does That make sense? Can't you just say, yeah, Josh, you're right. Way to go. Is that just for once? That so hard for me? Yeah. Well, should we describe what this thing looks like since you brought that up? Yeah. Because imagine what we're about to talk about killing a hundred goats the way that we said they do in a night. Yeah. I've seen as short as three feet tall, but generally about four and a half to five, five and a half feet tall, oval shaped head glowing eyes like Sure. Sort of alien shaped eyes, which, you know, put a pin in that 'cause that'll come back.


Long sharp spines usually from the back of its head down to the tailbone. A strong, a stinky odor. A lot of people say it is sort of like a sulfur smell. Some people say it doesn't smell at all. And then the skin can either be like lizardy or like a frogs or it can be, what's this been described as? Like a fuzzy lizard with like little prickly hairs and scales. A fuzzy wuzzy wizard. But here's a key walks on two legs for the most part, which is one of the creepy parts. Yeah. Yes. So there's a, do you wanna take a break now and come back and talk about this?


Like what people think it is? Or the origin of it or what? Yeah, Let's do it. Okay.


This is not scripted everybody. What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength. So you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best, protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


I wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business. And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. Over my career I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leveraged culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on omics we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, butter nos will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is Butter. Listen to Butters on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


All right, take two. Oh wait, Gonna start from the beginning. You, you have to take it with, and now Chupacabra again. Okay. And now part two of Chupacabra. Very nice. So you talked about the origins, I've seen mentions of this all the way back to the 1950s and Arizona. It seems like it really picked up steam in the nineties as probably as the internet picked up steam and it looks like Puerto Rico, even though it's been found in a lot of countries, supposedly mainly in South America. But there's a lot of stories from Puerto Rico and may have even originated as at least the modern online version from a woman named Madeline Tolentino in in San Juan in 1995.


Yeah. Apparently her description kind of set the tone for the basis, or set the basis, I guess for the Tone for Yeah. Of of other descriptions and sightings to come. That's right. Very similar to Betty and Barney Hill. She was the Betty and Barney Hill. Oh yeah. Of Chupacabra sightings. That's right. She was both of them. Okay. So yeah, Puerto Rico is a hotspot of Chupacabra sightings. Apparently in just one year, in one area alone there was several hundred livestock fatalities that were attributed to Chupacabra. And I mean, and just this one town, just hundreds of livestock dying in one year alone is very bizarre and strange.


So you can kinda guess that if everybody's aware of the Chupacabra already, they might be like, I think this is the Chupacabra at work. Yeah, for sure. If you've been online and you've seen pictures of like Chupacabra washed up on the beach there, there are quite a few of those and most of them have been thoroughly debunked and proven to be, it's usually like a dog with mange. Yes. Who had rotted such that their skin receded and it ended up looking really, really weird. Those aren't Chupacabra, in fact, there are no Chupacabra. But there have been some sightings in the past couple of years that I, I did look up on YouTube that aren't compelling.


That like, where I was like, oh my God, it's totally real. But it was enough to where I was like, what in the world is that? Yes. In particular, there's one from 2022 where the Amarillo Zoo in Texas found an image or like a short snippet of some creature inside its perimeter fence. Yeah. That's key at like one in 30 in the morning. Yeah. Walking around. And it looks very much like a werewolf If. you ask me, it's got the big, massive, massive like back and shoulders with its head with like up around its ears essentially. It's the way it's holding its arms and fingers make it, it looks a lot to me.


Like somebody was dressed up like a werewolf and got into the Amarillo Zoo on purpose. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. But It's been cha it's been chalked up as a Chupacabra sighting. That's right. There was another one from 2023 in Bolivia and this one also coincided with a bunch of livestock death supposedly drained of their blood, this drone footage. So it's a much higher, but it's near Aru City and you definitely see like a, a shadowy figure kind of moving through the field. And I mean, it's hard, it's not as kind of clear, clearly werewolf looking as the other one. But again, it was just another recent thing and you know, both of these could be people screwing around with people could be and dressing up like what they think a Chupacabra looks like.


Exactly. So I mean, Chupacabra, it's a fairly, you can tell it's a fairly recent phenomenon. I mean the nineties really are when it started to take off and definitely it's heyday, but it has found itself cemented into popular culture, not just in Latin America, but in the southwestern United States too. There's been sightings apparently in everywhere from Arizona to New Mexico all over the southwestern United States over the years. And apparently the earliest, the earliest newspaper account of it dates back to the fifties in Arizona, which I found very interesting. Yeah, That's right. And and I said to put a pin in the fact that some people say they have glowing alien like eyes.


That's because some people think, you know, there're of course theories on what could be going on here. Some people do think that it's a, a visitor from outer space or maybe a pet from a visitor from outer space, like an, you know, like et was left behind just like this Chupacabra was. Or that it is like NASA was breeding like alien things with human things. And this was one of those that that got out supposedly. Sure. As they do, there's a veterinarian who believes that it was a genetically modified vampire bat. 'cause I remember it supposedly is a blood sucker that a goat sucker in particular, I believe because of the, the, the fact that this was biggest in the nineties.


I think that whole left behind Alien Pet is a, it was folklore directly influenced by porno pyros a hundred percent. Oh, from the pet song? Yeah. From We'll Make Great Pets. I love that song. Yeah. It's a great song. but I guarantee somebody added that to the folklore from that song. Oh, So it was a future human that was kept as a pet? No, no, just the, the concept that aliens even have pets. Oh, okay. That's why I'm linking the two. I Gotcha. Could have been a future human. That's the thing. Everybody's just throwing anything that can stick at the wall at the whole Chupacabra phenomenon. It, again, it's fairly recent enough that it hasn't taken full, solid shape still.


Yeah. It seems like to me you can say, oh, it's a genetically modified vampire bat or whatever. The best explanation I've seen you kind of already touched on about carcasses washed up on the beach being dogs, having mange coyotes get mange too. And coyotes tend to kill livestock. Walk Around on two legs. Yeah. If they're from the circus. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. The the telltale sign to me though is that part of mange is the hair on the back between the shoulders usually remains. Ah, the spikes patch. It's a patch of hair. Yes. Hence the spikes of spines down. Well the spine and the fact that they lose their hair so they look really weird.


And apparently just about every single carcass that's ever turned up and has been attributed or chalked up as Chupacabra any autopsies revealed it's an animal with mange. Well done my friend. Thank you. Well done to you too, Charles. I just wanna say one more thing. I had tickets to see that porno for Pyros reunion tour last year. Got You. Were one of 10 Got canceled. Yeah. Because they couldn't sell enough tickets. Right. That's what I heard. That's really surprising. Yeah. But Jane's Addiction is on tour again and I love those guys. I just want the publicly say, give credit to Casey Nicole for her work and If, you don't know what I'm talking about.


Oh, is she the one who was erased from their their Yeah, yeah. Their history basically. So great call out. Yeah. Go. Go read up about that. 'cause she's talking about it now and it's not cool at all. I also wanna give a shout out. If this kind of stuff is up your alley or floats your boat or floats your alley or whatever, go check out this site. Ano the anomalous. It's a aggregator of different weird stories, including Cryptids and UFOs and all that stuff from around the internet. It's great. Check out the anomalous, it's fun. Yeah. Since Chuck said fun, that means Short Stuff friends is out.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.