
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And we're about to take you on a ride through a chicken's oviduct at some point in this episode. And why we're doing that is to explain why chicken eggs have different colors in some cases and we're going to get really into the weeds on it and it's going to be great. That's right. And for this episode, we're gonna pretend that eggs are not super expensive 'cause we're gonna talk about buying eggs and you know, stuff like that. Right. And that's just effective life. Eggs are really expensive right now. So let's just put that to the side for a moment. Well We're, we also have to presume that you can even find the eggs to buy.


Yeah, that's a solid point. This came about because I just went on our annual fifth annual rather frigid fiesta, which is my buddies. And I try to get together and go to my camp on the coldest, one of the coldest days of the year. Yikes. I make it MVC most valuable Camper trophy. I earned that trophy for the first time this year. I'm very, very proud To say congratulations. Wow. Thank you. What'd you do to earn it? I veed some Wagyu steaks. Wow. I provided the camp. I think it finally dawned on everyone that that was kind of a big deal. I, you know, I, I partied in just the right way to impress everybody.


Nice. And, and you know, some other things and that's generally how you win it. You kind of go above and beyond. And my comedy was on point. I was just on fire with the jokes. Wow. And And DJing like yeah I kind of had it in the bag. But long way of saying my buddy Justin, whom you know from London, England who raises chickens. Oh, I didn't know that. He always supplies the eggs and he showed up with some olive eggs, some brown speckled eggs, a couple of sort of light tan eggs. And I just started wondering about it. And now I know and I told Justin the deal as well why his chickens are making different eggs. Did he wanna know that? Yeah, He was very Curious.


Okay, good. Well Chuck, one of the things that I think immediately pops up that we can't possibly get past without mentioning first is that regardless of the color of the eggs, I really hope this is true. One is not necessarily more nutritious than the other. I'm sure Those are brown eggs. You gotta get those brown eggs. They're natural Josh. They don't bleach 'em. No, you're thinking of rice or flour. Oh, Okay. Non brown chicken eggs are not bleached. That is not true. That would be a really bad thing to do to an egg. The white eggs that you see that make up the vast majority of the eggs that you buy in the United States, they come from leghorn chickens as in Foghorn Leghorn.


But he was a Brewster. But the hens of his breed lay white eggs. They're not bleach, they just come out that way. Yeah. And most eggs in the commercial egg industry in the United States are from Leghorns. So most are white. So when you see like a fancy brown egg, it's the same egg. Well that's, if it's, you know, not, you know, the pasture raised into the stuff that are, were already expensive. That's the one distinction really. Yeah. And we'll talk about that later. But a white egg is the same as a brown egg. Nutritional, nutritionally speaking, they come from the Leghorns, Orpingtons and Plymouth rocks. Those are varieties of chickens. They're gonna lay the browns.


There's a chicken called an amna and not Americana 'cause it has an au in there that is a breed which gives the, the, it permeates that pigment goes all the way through. And so the inside color of the egg is bluish as well as the outside, which is a pretty cool fact. Yeah. We need to shout out a University of Georgia poultry scientist named Get this Justin Fowler. Amazing. It Is amazing. And so he provided a lot of the insight on how all of this works. And he basically said it's genetics, but you don't have to run a chicken's genome to figure out what color eggs it's going to produce it.


See, it's much easier than that. You can at least distinguish colored egg layers, not necessarily the color, but whether they're going to lay an egg that has some sort of tint to it versus ones that are going to lay just white eggs based on their ear lobes. Couple of things about this. I didn't know that you could judge the color of a chicken's eggs by looking at its ear lobes. I also didn't know that chickens had ear lobes. I knew you're gonna say that. 'cause you know what I told Justin that he has chickens and he said the same thing. Yeah. I mean I've seen them a million times. They're like, they almost look like mutton chops. Like meatloaf from Rocky Horror Picture Show. But they're on chickens faces instead.


Those are their ear lobes. Can you imagine if his name was Greg Fowler? Why? Well, he'd have the name egg in his name too. Oh yeah. He could go by gr egg Fowler. He could Anyway, If you got a white chicken, it's gonna lay a white egg. 'cause they probably have white ear lobes. Right. Or generally lighter ear lobes or lighter feathers. If they have colored feathers, they and colored ear lobes are gonna have colored eggs. Yeah. But again, not necessarily like the same color as that. Right. But it just means that they're producing more pigment than other chickens and they like to really show off by laying some of that pigment on the eggs.


And I say we take a break and we come back and we take that trip down the oviduct when when we return, Alright, let's do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. In the best part, it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Okay. Chuck, get your minor's cap on, turn on the light. Yep. Maybe don some gloves. Yeah. And we're going to go in the oviduct of a chicken a hen. And when you go in there, we're going to see that ova that is the chicken yolk and it forms in the chicken's ovaries and an oum leaves the ovary and it gets deposited in the vid duct. And it's almost like a cartoony conveyor belt. Like I can almost see like mechanical gloved hands. Yeah. Shaping things along the way. Yeah, for sure. In the oviduct on that conveyor belt, there're gonna be five different sort of in order because it's a conveyor belt segments that they're gonna go through that Yoka is gonna go through.


Or the ovum. And it's in the fourth one of those five where that shell is formed. It's a calcium carbonate shell that comes from the shell gland and that is where the shell forms around the ovum and that's where it gets pigmented. Right. That's, that's Greg Fowler's, middle name shell gland Greg. Greg shell gland Fowler Or his fraternity nickname. But They all start white, right? Yeah. 'cause they're made of calcium carbonate and that is white in nature. It's so all chickens eggs are white. That's, that's all you really need to know except for everything else that's about to follow.


And that is that once the egg is formed and it's a white egg, some kinds of chickens deposit a pigment on it. Yeah. Again, like the leghorn white ear lobe, no pigment deposit. Yeah. But other kinds, like you said, Plymouth Rocks, Orpingtons, Rhode Island reds, they all put a little bit of pigment. I, I guess just to kind of make the world a slightly brighter place, I can't think of any other reason for this, evolutionarily speaking, but we have narrowed it down to two distinct pigments that are responsible for the galaxy of colors. Maybe not galaxy, but the wide array of colors that chicken eggs come in.


Yeah. And do you know, by the way, I heard a recording of the actual sound. They got a microphone inside a chicken. The sound of the pigment being placed on it is kind of like this. Hey lemme, lemme try another take just in case. Yeah. Does it come out of like a, a pastry frosting bag? Yeah, Well sure you can call it that Chris. Alright, so back to, sorry about that 12-year-old chuck showed up for a minute. Those two pigments that, like you said, are the ones responsible for the different shades are Bill OFin Verdon.


I like Bill OFin And Proto Porphyrin. Yeah. Or proto Porphyrin. Porphyrin. Okay. So that, that's it proto. Yeah. That is tho those two make the whole thing. The greens and blues are the Billy Verden and the Protoporphyrin make the reddish browns. That's right. And it's not just chickens that this, this happens with, you know, robins lay Tiffany box blue eggs. Oh, look at you. I think it's usually described as robin's egg blue. Yeah. But that's from the same process. It makes that same sound. Can we hear it again? Yeah. There's also a bird called the common mure and they have a blue egg that sometimes is speckled.


I I, I think all of this is so wonderful, but really there's nothing that can compare to an Easter egg that's been dipped in a vinegar food dye dip or blend and held by that little wire thing that you kind of bring it out with and then you mark, or no, you start with the cran and then you, you diet it. That's like, let's let's see a chicken do that. Yeah. Make a chevron pattern on your egg naturally chicken. You can't do it. I totally agree. And here's the thing, we talked about nutrition earlier and you said it's all the same. And that's true. The inside of a white egg is the same as the inside of a brown egg. If you, If you get like, you know, the, the really now they're super expensive.


Yeah. Not not the free range. 'cause you know, I worked in the chicken industry and I've tried to dispel that myth that generally if it says free range, that just means that the door is open to the barn. Yeah. But they're not really out there. Same With cage free too. Yeah. Cage free. But a genuine pasture raised chicken, they can actually be more nutritious if they're foraging on greens and eating insects and things that just a better variety of, of of stuff that the, even the cage free and the free range aren't getting. If you get those really, really expensive pasture raised ones, they may have slightly higher levels of Omega-3 fatty acids and vitamins. Yeah. And be forewarn because in the United States, at least the term pasture raised is not regulated.


You could slap that on any egg. Yeah. You wanted but do some research. Luckily there are some certification groups that go through and actually certify These are pasture raised. So you wanna look for certifications like certified humane is a legitimate one. That means that that chicken actually was walking around pecking at the ground, not in like, some big metal shed with a trillion other chickens. Yeah. And I'm gonna recommend, especially now that eggs are so expensive, like try and source them locally. They're guarantee you in your town there is a farmer's market with some stinky hippie that's gonna sell you some eggs in a funny looking container. Or at the very least a, a used egg carton from somewhere else.


Or, or If you have a friend like I do that, you know, they'll give us eggs. 'cause those used to be like, oh gosh, they're so pricey, but their prices aren't jacked up because they're not, you know, the locals aren't suffering from the, the commercial egg industry's woes. So now some of those are cheaper than grocery store eggs. Yeah. And you know Where they're coming from and they're walking around eating insects and grass. Yeah. But there's some things that you need to know about this if you're, if you're eating locally sourced eggs. One is, is that they probably haven't been washed, which is fine that they don't normally come washed unless you're buying the commercially produced eggs in Australia, the US Japan, you have to wash them.


The problem with washing an egg though is that it removes the little waxy coating that the egg is naturally encased in that keeps bacteria out of the shell. As hard as the shell seems, it's actually kind of porous and bacteria can make it right into the egg and kill you and everyone you love. But that waxy coating keeps that from happening. The problem with all this is, and this is the reason why the United States and Japan and Australia require their commercially produced eggs to be washed, is that coating really hangs on to things like salmonella. Yeah. And chicken yard poop and all this stuff. So you kind of have to balance the two. Do you want salmonella or do you want e coli?


Which one do you want? So If you get locally sourced eggs, it makes sense to keep them unwashed until you want to eat them. Then you wash it, use a little bit of dawn some water, wash that off, and then you eat it washed. I would not recommend using Dawn, but that's just me. Why? What's wrong with Dawn? I love Dawn. Great. They have a free and clear with the, it's got a little duck on it. It's totally natural. Yeah, I'm sure it's free and clear. It's the good thing though about getting eggs from your friends or someone that doesn't wash their eggs is you can just leave them out. They don't need to be refrigerated, True debt, but once you do wash 'em, you need to refrigerate 'em because again, bacteria can invade them pretty easily.


Yeah. But I, I'll tell you, I've, I've eaten dozens and dozens of those eggs from Justin. Never washed 'em, never had a problem. Really? Oh yeah. Did you get a little poop in your eggs? No, they're great. Cool. Well there there you go. Everything you need to know about locally sourced eggs from your friend Chuck B. That's right. I, Chuck said that's right and that means that obviously the Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.