
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And we're sitting in for Dave today. And this is Short Stuff. That's right. And we are here today to talk about, this is sort of a two-parter in one about, I'm just calling this Alt Libraries as in Alternative Libraries. Sure. One reason is because I was on a walk the other day and we have quite a few little free libraries in our neighborhood and they're all super cute. If you don't know what we're talking about, they're little, little boxes usually in the shape of a a house or it could be a doghouse or it could be a literal library or schoolhouse, just some sort of small housey type structure with little Clear Door. And inside are books that you can take a book, you can take a couple of books, you can leave a book.


And it's just one of the great things. And I grabbed one, I usually don't even look at 'em that much because I just have too many books I'm behind on already. But I one popped up in my eye, peripheral vision that would be perfect for Ruby. So I grabbed it and she's reading it and loving it. And so I thought we should do a little ode to alt libraries like this. What, what was the book? I can't remember the, the Last Kids on Earth or something like that. Oh, that sounds good. That may not be the title, but that's sort of the premise. Is she, she might be told for this, but maybe not. Has she ever read any of the scary stories to Tell in the Dark Books? I don't think. And it is actually called The Last Kids on Earth.


It looks like it's a series. No, that's, that sounds like something right at per alley though. Okay. Go to eBay and find whatever editions came out in the eighties. Okay. Because they have some of the greatest illustrations ever. Oh, that made that everything. So much more unsettling. You have to get those watercolor illustrations or else don't even bother. I'm looking at them now and they are terrifying. They Are. It's so great. I remember being a kid and just being like, this is, this is so great. I feel so alive. Thanks for the Rick. Yeah. There's also more scary stories to tell in the dark pretty much equally good.


So maybe we should flip it and start with little free libraries since I mentioned that one first as Inspirado, but in 29, how this story goes, and this is straight from their website, a man named Todd Bowl from Wisconsin, Hudson, Wisconsin started it all when he built a little model of a, of a schoolhouse of a little one room schoolhouse as a tribute to his mom, who's a teacher, put it on a post, put some books in it and said, Hey everyone, If you want a book, take one. If you wanna drop one off, that'd be great too. And it was a big hit It. It was a huge hit actually. So apparently Andrew Carnegie funded, I believe 2,500 plus for some reason everybody says 2,508.


So I'm guessing that's the number public libraries around the turn of last century or early last century. And I, there's still plenty around that. He essentially partnered with whatever local government and said, Hey, I'll give you a bunch of money, or I'll throw in half, or something like that. And that was one of the big pieces of philanthropy he was known for. So I guess Todd Bowl and Rick Brooks said, let's try to see if we can make 2,508 of these things. By the end of 2013, which was a couple years after they started, and they just blew that goal out of the water. Yeah. Rich Brooks was the guy, like you said, he partnered with, he actually retired from the, which is now an NGO in 2014, but he, you know, they were pals and he thought it was a great idea.


And again, inspired by Carnegie, they, they set out to start building these by 2010. So in 29 is when the first one was built by 2010, it was like an an established thing that was happening. They started to give them away. They had charter signs if it was an official one engraved with a charter number. And it just, people were into it and they started, You know, you see one of these things in your neighborhood. I remember when I saw the first one, I was like, wow, that's an incredible idea. And it felt like within that year we had like six or seven more. Yeah, I, I remember the first time I saw one, I didn't get the concept, so I kind of, I saw, burned it down a book that I wanted. And so I looked around to make sure no one was looking and put it in my jacket and ran off really quick.


I thought you, and then I read about, say you got, you got a bunch of books and you sold on eBay. No, I just took one And sold it on eBay. Yeah, eventually. But I said that when they started, they wanted to make 2,508 of these things within a couple of years. They ended up surpassing that with a year and a half left before their gold date. And they just kept going from there. Apparently, Chuck, here's some mind boggling numbers for you. So they started in 2009. In 2022 there were more than 150,000 little free libraries. Incredible. Across the world in 120 different countries.


Yeah. I did not know it had gone international until I started doing this research. It's just incredible. Like I said, Brooks retired in 2014. Someone actually wrote in 2015, a woman named Margaret. Oh, she's a pretty famous author actually. Margaret Aldrich wrote the little free library book. So all of a sudden it's like launching books in, in and of itself, right? They got in 2014, that same year, the Library of Congress Literacy Award, just like people are lauding it, people are building these things like crazy. And it, it's just become one of the cool things that the United, you know, started here in the US and then spread all over the place.


Very sadly, in 2018, Todd Bowl passed away from Pan Pancreatic Cancer after the launch of their 75000th at the time, little free library. And he was working for them up until the end and has a great quote. I really believe in a little free library on every block and a book in every hand. I believe people can fix their neighborhoods, fix their communities, develop systems of sharing, learn from each other, and see that they have a better place in this planet to live. Very sweet. That is a great last interview quote. Yeah. Pretty awesome. All right, well let's take a break and we'll come back and talk about a different kind of alt library after this So much.


Look at all the stuff You,


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/ssk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job training not inspiring your goal, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit at strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Okay, Chuck, so we already talked about little free libraries, which anybody can make. And If you want some tips, like we said, go check out the little free library book. Yeah. If you saw that in a little free library, wouldn't the universe just collapse in on itself? Yeah. You can also donate to them. Of course. Yeah. It's, it's that kind of give a book, take a book thing. Yeah. I don't know if we spelled it out or if we needed to, but that's the premise of it, right? Yeah. Another thing was called the Human Library, and this was the result of a couple of who I take to be artists brothers, Ronnie Abigail and Danny Abigail. Yeah. Have to be, they. Yeah, they, for a festival in Denmark, about the year 2000, they created the human library in Danish.


They call it Men Bibliote. Yeah. But all one word. Yeah. Bibliote is, that's in a lot of languages, right? Sure. But you add the ET to the end and sure. You've got Danish. That's right. So what they, what they created with this human library was the concept that the books or were human beings and there were human beings that people might wanna get information from. So there were human beings who were typically looked down upon mistreated, had different experiences from the mainstream. So you had like books that were trans people, unhoused people, people from different races.


And you can check out one of these books, this human book, and hang out with them and ask them whatever question you want, and then you take 'em back and check out another one. Yeah. It's, it's sort of part performance art part. Ted talking away, just kind of referring to them as books is, was the hook, I think. Right. And obviously something to, you know, draw attention to their cause, which is very noble. I think it started out as a small festival and I think it ran eight hours a day for over four days initially with 50 human books available. And now it is an international thing. They have human libraries in Asia, Africa, Australia, both of the Americas and Europe.


Yeah. I thought this was kinda cute too. So if you're a volunteer as a book Yeah. You go through a vetting process and then they teach you how to do this, and they call that getting published. Yeah. That's pretty fun. And then once you're published, you can be checked out. Yeah. And the rules for readers are that you respect the book, be curious, bring the book back on time. Yeah. And in the same condition I'm keeping this book, If you, If you read between the lines, I think bring it back in the same condition means that they don't want any pages stuck together with a booger. Right. Yeah. Don't make your book to your dishes. Don't, don't put your book to work. That's not what this is about.


Well, luckily the book can end the loan anytime they want. Like if things go pear shaped. Yeah. They can be like, I'm taking myself back to the library. Yeah. Just stamp my forehead so I can leave. Right. They also have mobile libraries called Book Depots, the headquarters for this, that it just carried on for the last couple decades. It's headquartered in Copenhagen, but they have mobile libraries and I guess they just go round up the books and they're like, sorry, you're, you're published. You're coming with us on the road for a little while. Yeah. They, you can also like book a group of books or, or you know, check out a group of books at one time. Like a company can do this and companies have done this.


They'll, you know, it's something that companies do. They'll bring in like guest speakers and stuff. And in this case they're doing it in the form of human books. They'll bring in a few different people to bring in to talk about, you know, things that again, sort of like an individual would like, Hey, let's bring in some people that maybe don't even work on our field, but might enlighten you to some diverse topics and, and, and people and, and ways of thinking. So like Microsoft and Eli Lilly and other brands have gotten together to, to kind of do this over the years. Yes. And I think invariably at all of those events, there's at least one person who raises their hand and says, so wait, this is just q and a. Right? Like, I don't get it.


What's the library thing? I don't Yeah, I'm totally confused. Yeah. It's, and they probably don't get very much out of the experience. Exactly. Those people never do. But yeah, it's just sort of a fun hook. I like stuff like this. Some people might say it's silly, other notebooks or just people and it's just a q and a. But I encourage people like that to sort of broaden their horizons, think outside the old box a little bit and, and CTFD. Yeah. Just make sure that the person you're dragging off to be checked out is a published book. Yes. And not just some rando No, you don't want to do that. Hey, you're coming with me. That's called Kid. That's called Kidnapping. Right. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Support little free library.


Support the human book project And support all libraries too. Yeah, Those are great. Also Short Stuff is that Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.