
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave and we are just cooking it up. Here's Stuff You Should Know. That's right. We've talked about Waffle House here and there quite a bit over the years and I was gonna do a full Waffle House episode that was in the pipeline. Maybe still, but maybe not after this. I feel like we've taken a pretty good chunk out of what would've been a Waffle House episode. Agreed. Well, 'cause we're talking about the Waffle House Index and yes, there's plenty of interesting stuff about the Waffle House, but I would argue that the Waffle House Index is possibly the most interesting thing about the chain of what everyone in the South or Southeast knows is 24 7 restaurants that are legendary for staying open against all odds.


That's right. And a lot of restaurants and chains may claim to be open 365 days a year and they, you know, a lot of them are in general, but the Waffle House in particular prides itself and has taken great, great, great efforts to really stay open. Right. Like it's gotta be a And as you'll see with the Waffle House Index, if a Waffle House is closed, that is, that is very bad news for the area that that place is in because they stay open at all costs. Yeah. And they don't just stay open at all costs because they couldn't care less about their staff and they're just greedy and wanna make money. This is actually like by design, there's a corporate mandate, just ideology, mandate work.


Sure. Ideology that Waffle House should serve as essentially a, a community center during disasters and during normal times they're just waffle houses. But during a, a natural disaster in particular, you, you should just stand back and watch 'em go because they have actual plans that the company has developed to figure out how to stay open to serve the community. Yeah, for sure. We're gonna talk about a few of 'em here and there. One, one of them is they have a limited menu and it's not like, oh, what do we have on hand? It's like, alright, we're, we're going to, you know, I don't know what they call it on the inside, but let's just say like, we're going to to plan B or something and that means we're switching to the official limited menu when there are food shortages, when the power's out and stuff like that.


Most, I, I don't think all of them do at this point, but most of them, and, and I'm sure they want to have them all on backup generators, that's been a thing for a while. So If you, you know, if the power's out, you can still probably go to a Waffle house and, and not only get power, but you know, get a, a hot meal. Yeah. Whether you're like somebody whose house just got ravaged or a first responder helping people whose house just got ravaged. Yeah, Yeah. Or just hungry. It's a really important thing that you just totally overlook. Like if your kitchen is gone and all of the other restaurants in town are shut down, having a Waffle House open is a really, really big deal. And they have like actual, what are called Waffle House jump teams that can show up Parachuters, they parachute In.


Yeah, they do parachuted. And I hope they have better names for these things than plan b. I hope it's more like Plan Dark Star or playing sorcerer sleeve or something like that. Okay. Better than plan B. But they parachute in, like you said, and they will open a Waffle House faster than you can say Waffle House. Yeah, that's right. Wait, Hold on. Faster than you can say scattered, smothered and chunked. I know I've asked you how you got yours. How do you get yours? Your Hash browns? What I just did. Oh, you do. So chunked is ham, right? Yeah. I don't eat ham anymore, but I haven't been to a waffle house since I stopped eating ham.


So yes, I always got it with ham cheese and, and sauteed onions. Yeah. I, I think I told, I I mean I just get mine straight up. I'm, I'm the weirdo that gets unadorned hash browns at Waffle House, but I do get a double order 'cause I just, two of those one isn't enough. Yeah, agreed. But I don't go anymore. I, I think I mentioned on an episode last time I went, it was actually with Hodgman after he went camping with a group, a group of dudes here on the way out. I was like, we're stopping a waffle house. Right. And he went, oh yeah, yeah, we Definitely are. And you don't go anymore. No, I mean I, I, that was the only time I've been in in years. I see, I gotcha. I thought you were saying, saying like you don't want to replace that memory with another Oh no, No, no.


That was just a year and a half ago. But I, I just, it's just not, you know, I, I went a lot in college like, you know, late night after the bars, but Right. You know, you grow up a little bit and you realize you can't eat Waffle House every week. It's true. It's a sad realization everybody. It's coming your way though if you're young. Yep. So I say we take a break and come back and talk more about this Waffle House Index and what it is and where it came from. Alright, let's do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


So, you know, we talked about Waffle House being set up with generators and jump teams and limited menus. They also have temporary warehouses where they can store stuff, you know, on that limited menu at least. And this all started after Hurricane Katrina in 2005. I think seven of the restaurants were completely destroyed. Very sadly, a hundred of them shut down. But they got up and running again very, very fast. And the company basically decided like, Hey, this is such a valuable thing. We need to come up with that official plan, like a literal book of how to open as quickly as possible during an emergency or stay open during an emergency.


Yeah, for sure. Not only did they come up with the book, that's when they figured out, okay, what kind of limited menu can we come up with? How can we store it? They identified like local temporary food storage they could use that was, you know, I'm sure central to a number of waffle houses, not one for each one. And we're just basically ready, it's called disaster preparedness. I had no idea about this. I really just thought Waffle House just stayed o stayed open just outta sheer will until I researched this. But they have a disaster preparedness plan and apparently other companies do in the United States too, like Lowe's and Home Depot will because people need lumber and shovels and hammers and stuff because they're blew away and they need to rebuild.


And probably also more like generators and, and gas cans and so on and so forth. I don't know why I'm staying on this list, but Waffle House isn't the only one, but they're just part of a handful of companies who've essentially made themselves like defacto essential operations for post-disaster preparedness stuff. Yeah, for sure. Which leads us finally to the Waffle House Index, which is a pretty unique thing. It was the brainchild of a, a guy named Craig Fugate, who was the FEMA administrator back in the early 2010s. And he had that position after the Joplin tornado of 2011 in May of that year.


And he had kind of had this idea for a little while because he had noticed after, you know, various hurricanes that Waffle House was one of, if not the only thing open. And he started to notice this sort of trend. Like, Hey, your community doesn't have water, you don't have power yet. The Waffle House was open. And he started looking at maps and realized that like, hey, If you actually look at where the weather hit it, the hardest and the the damage was the most severe, you can kind of rate that according to whether or not that Waffle House is either open, closed or serving a full menu, limited menu and just how they're doing. And he really like that was sort of like the, the light bulb above the head moment when he said, this could be a real thing.


The Waffle House Index could really help us out. Yeah. And I mean it's as simple as like calling the local Waffle House in Tampa after a hurricane just passed through and saying, are you guys still open? And if they don't answer the phone, there's trouble in that community. And he was saying like, that's where FEMA should start sending its people first, because that's as bad as it gets. If the Waffle House isn't open and they actually color coded it. There's green is the best part of the index. It means that your Waffle House is totally fine. Maybe there's like a cracked window, but everything else is good and everyone in the community can come there. Yellow has a limited menu and they're probably using a generator and then red is like, it's closed.


The Waffle House is toast. Come here because this is the community that's hardest hit. That's how like dedicated Waffle House is to staying open that if they're closed, FEMA knows that that's where you should go first. Yeah, absolutely. It, you don't get the red index a lot. But again, if, If you do, then that's, you know, that's the really bad sign. If, you know, they know a hurricane or something like that is coming and they like, there's evacuation orders and stuff like that. You, you, you know, if it's mandatory, a Waffle House might close, but the very first chance they get to open that thing up, they're gonna open it back up there.


Yeah. There's this really great story I read on the Waffle House blog in welded North Carolina back in 2011. Hurricane Irene passed through there and the Waffle House, the local Waffle House lost its power, but the gas was still going to the grill. And so it, the Waffle House stayed open and was cooking for people as long as it was light enough for them to see what they were doing. And then when it just became too dark to keep going, they closed and then opened at first light in at dawn. Yeah. I love that story. But I was so ready when I was reading it to hear they cooked by candlelight through the night. Yeah, sorry, sorry Chuck.


I didn't say I expected them to. I just, that that would've been even more amazing, but maybe also dangerous so that, that might've had something to do with it. Or maybe they just didn't have candles. And then the Waffle House employee or the manual after where it was like, buy candles, make sure you have plenty of candles. We learned from Hurricane Irene. I looked up, by the way, I tried to find that they have a, a mobile emergency. What is it? Like a, It's like a rv, like a a a command center. Yeah. But the only thing I could find looked like a food truck. Oh, is that right? Yeah. I mean I, I tried to find a picture and everything. It just kept showing me this food truck and I couldn't, when it was called a command center, I was like, is it dressed to look like a Waffle house?


'cause it looks like a little tiny waffle house. Oh, does it? And is there like communications inside or are they I not showing up in cooking. Like I couldn't, I couldn't figure that part out. If it is a food truck though, there's a hundred percent chance that they're serving Emmp. Right. Even even from the Waffle House food truck. But they have a great nickname for it though, at least. Yeah. Well it was from Stripes. What'd they call it? E em, the EM 50, which is apparently the assault vehicle that Bill Murray drives in Stripes was the M 50. Yeah. I never got into that movie, Like, liked it or saw it all the way through or wherever you go. Saw it all the way through. Oh, stripes is great. I think it's a movie in two parts.


So the first half is a lot better than when they go on the mission in the rv. Mm Gotcha. Okay. But, you know, not, not the best movie in the world, but I love Harold Ramis. Well, yeah, of course. I feel like it might've just been a couple of years ahead of me when I was younger. I was more a meatball guy. Yeah. I mean that stuff, I wasn't allowed to watch any of that at the time, so I had to sneak it a little later. Yeah. I don't know how I was allowed to watch meatballs 'cause I was never allowed to watch Porkies or just about anything. Yeah. My mom wouldn't even let me watch Sanford and Son. 'cause she thought Red Fox is a dirty old man. Oh, interesting. That's funny. Yeah. Well, just learned that it wasn't funny when you're a kid and you wanna watch Sanford and so it's not funny at all.


I I, I learned two things about your mom this week. That and that she played the banjo, which just floors me how cool that is. She loved playing the banjo. I love that. And I love the Waffle House Index. And Waffle House didn't even sponsor this, everybody, that's just how impressed we are with the Waffle House Index. I always thought it was just some fooling around pop culture thing. Nope. It's a real thing. Yeah. If, if you've never been, if you're ever in the South, go check out a Waffle house. Yeah. The the coolest, most awesome fun people work there and you might be able to get into a fist fight with Kid Rock. You never know. Yeah. There's a pretty good chance you'll Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.