
State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast, Network.


Hi, and welcome to Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. Chuck and Josh Giddy up on Short. Stuff. That's right. This is another fun tale of a ghost ship. Ghost ships are just a lot of fun to talk about. And, this is the tale of a ghost ship that may or may not even exist. That's A big one. But one thing for sure, one thing is for sure is that this story has influenced a lot of, a lot of pop culture, I feel like. Yeah. At the very least, it showed up as a, a video game in 2019, a horror game. I was watching a four hour YouTube video where this YouTuber just basically narrated or I I guess added commentary here or there to this four hour gameplay.


Really? Something. So you didn't just watch the trailer of the game, you watched actual I did four hours. I did. I just I mean I didn't watch the whole four hours. No, I skipped ahead And. it was cute. Oh, okay. It was, it was kind of fun. But yeah, I know I probably watched five minutes total of the whole thing, just skipping around. But it looks very scary. It, it looks like a really cool game. If I played games, I would definitely go get it. It's called The Man of Madan. And the reason it's called the Man of Madan is because that's the English translation from the Indonesian for the name of the ship. Orang Madan Orang in Indonesian means man, which is why orangutans are called that their forest men, I think we've said before.


So the name of the ship in English was Man of Madan, which is a, a city on Sumatra. That's right And. it looks like a very scary game about people that get up on this ghost ship and have to contend with ghosts. So what happened with the Ss Orang Madan was that, well, here's the story. It it, it depends on, there's some, there's some hankness that goes on with the dates and we'll explain why in a minute. But either 1947 or 1948, or maybe even 1940 as we'll see, there was a Dutch freighter ship named the Orang Madan that sent an SOS picked up by some nearby ships, including the Silver star, an American ship in the Straits of Malacca, where all it said was this.


We float all officers, including captain dead lying in chart room and on bridge, probably whole crew dead. I die. That is a creepy message. The only way it could be creeper is if it said we all float down here, Or I'm right behind you. You're right. So this was like the SOS the distress call and that silver star, like you said, was, was close enough that it arrived to help the Orang Madan. And when it arrived, it was, it, you could basically just tell looking at it that it was a ghost ship. And Chuck, Chuck, before we go into detail, I say that we take a break.


What do you think? Oh, an early break. Okay. Okay. Let's do it. Suspenseful early break. Hmm.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast. Network.


This is LaVar Arrington from up on game here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Alright, so like you said, when they floated up to this thing, they could tell that something was awry. There was clearly no activity on the boat. There was no steam coming from the engines, no smoke. They said, Hmm, does someone want to go check and see what's going on in that thing? And everyone said, not me, not it, not it. And there was one guy that was eating some sea rations looked up and went, what? So he went aboard. And what he found supposedly were people on deck frozen in place with their fearful looks on their faces, their eyes wide open, their mouth stretched in like they were screaming.


Even a dog in mid snarl all frozen immediately. I thought of another pop culture thing this referenced. Did you see this season's, this year's true Detective Night country? I think so. Right? I tried to, and I I couldn't make it past the first episode. Oh God, it was so good, dude. I know you said that and I just, I didn't see it. Well, maybe You Should have watched more than the first episode. Well, that's what I'm saying. I didn't see it coming. I didn't see the contours of it being great. I actually was like, oh yeah, can't watch this In your mind's eye. He didn't see how it could have been good possibly After that. Nope. No. And believe me, I know stuff. I can figure stuff out. Well, it was Did you see enough to see the, the influence here for night country when they sh was that in episode one?


Yeah, I Think it was in episode one where they show up and Yeah, it's, it's a similar thing. Sure. Yeah. It was part the thing part Orang Madan, I think for sure. Yeah. Well put, oh, you want me to take over ahead? So I also saw Mr. TV critic. I also saw that the people, all of the corpses were described as having their arms outstretch as if they were trying to fend off some unseen something. Sure. But there was no trace of anything on the ship that would've suggested what had happened to this crew and the dog. And they hooked up I guess a tow line from the Silver Star to the Orang Medan and they started to tow it. But before it could get anywhere, the thing caught fire and actually blew up.


And so any trace of the Orang Madan and its mystery sank to the bottom of the Straits of Malacca and became enshrined in sea shanties from that moment on. That's right. But was this even a real ship at all? No, we're not gonna take a break and find out. We're gonna talk about it right now. Yeah. I guess we should have done it like that. Sure. Yeah, it's fine. It, it seems like this probably was completely fabricated. There's never been a shipping record of that vessel. No. Like living human ever came forward and said, Hey, this, like I was that person eating the sea rations that got shoved aboard this thing.


There were also, depending on when the article came out, there were varying details that were different, which is always sort of a giveaway that it could be fabricated. Yeah, Yeah. I mean the fact that there's like different dates, different locations, that kind of stuff. It's at the very least the thing's been embellished as we understand it today. And there was a researcher named Elle Hargraves who found the first mention of this story all the way back in 1940, a good seven or eight years before the story supposedly took place. Yeah. This was during World War ii and the, it was a British merchant ship, not an American ship that that came to help out.


But the thing that does, you know, bear a resemblance to the following stories was that there was, the ship exploded and there was no trace of anything or any evidence that could have explained what happened. Yeah. This one was kind of fun because I was on Reddit looking at some like theories and stuff just for fun. And someone said, Hey, I think I've figured this thing out. Like everybody knows this is probably a hoax, but I think I've actually got the paper trail and, and figured out who this was. And I was like, oh, interesting. And I started to read it. It was Estelle Hard Grapes on Reddit. Oh really? Yeah, it was that researcher. I was like, oh, okay.


Well that makes sense. So, so what'd she say? How, what was, what's the explanation? Well, it's the same explanation that we have here. Oh. Which is, it's laid at the feet of one single person, not just like, oh, a bunch of people that like kind of made up this lore. It was actually, at least Estelle has, has put it out that it's a reporter named Sylvi Shirley, S-H-E-R-L-I, and wrote this thing in 1940 and then wrote about it again in 1948 as supposedly the first time that it had happened, which is, and you know, it was the same name, so it had to be the same person. Okay. So I guess he's the, he's the culprit.


Right? Well, it seems like it. Well, okay, so there were some other parts to this story that Shirley added. There was a 1948 Dutch Indonesian newspaper called Their Local Motif. And this was the one where we get the story as we kind of recognize it today. But one of the extra things that gets left off these days is that there was one survivor from the Orang Madan who washed upon the shore of one of the Marshall Islands, was found by a missionary and told the story of that this, the ship was actually carrying illicit cargo. That's why no one can ever find any, any record of the ship.


It's because they didn't wanna be found and that the cargo sulfuric acid or nitroglycerin glycerin or something, either like off gassed and killed the crew or blew the ship up or both. That's right. And this missionary supposedly told this story to that writer, Sylvia Sheley. It's interesting that this article says like no one can be sure that it was Shirley who made the 1940 report, but I think this is old because online like this Estelle Hargraves posted like screenshots of the actual 1940 articles with his name. Yeah. But everybody knows she's always headed out for Syl Shirley.


So can that be trusted in this day and age of deep fakes in AI and stuff? Yeah, that's a good point. But it seems like it didn't even exist at all And. it maybe was this like writer writing about it a couple of times and embellishing it even more the second time to see if it gets more steam. I don't know. Yeah. Full steam ahead. So do you want to hear a little interesting tidbit? A little append them? By the way, no one knows if this is true, but it's almost certainly not And If. It is, it's, it's it's has taken on some shapes where you can barely recognize the actuality of it or pick it out. Yeah. But we based this off of a How Stuff Works article on it.


Correct. Correct. I Went, among other things. You're Right. I went and read an additional article on all things interesting, including some others. But in the all things interesting article, it referenced the House of Works article that this was based on. Ergo the universe will collapse on itself soon. Amazing. Chuck said amazing. I'm not gonna press my luck, so I'm just gonna end this now. Short Stuff is out Stuff You Should. Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.