
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. Jerry sitting in Free Dave. And so this is Short Stuff, the, how do you say this again? Edition? Yeah, I'm gonna say it's pronounced, spelled YAKH, you know, as most words are C-H-A-A-L I'm gonna say Yal. Hmm. I'm going with the straight ahead. Yakhch Charles. Alright. Okay. So you say it your way throughout. I'll say it my way and I'm sure I'll inevitably unconsciously start saying it your way. We'll see. But what we're talking about is the, the promise from our refrigeration episode a little bit more on these ancient, basically ancient refrigerators or cooling systems.


Yeah. They were found across ancient Persia at at least as old as 400 bc. This is modern day Iran. And this is, these are places where, believe it or not, the climate enables freezing of ice when you would not think you should be able to freeze ice. Yeah. It's pretty amazing. And apparently still today in Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan. Tajikistan. Yeah, I said it right the first time. They call the refrigerators Yakhch Charles, which is how I would say it if I were in Iran. But that's the name for the fridge, which means that at some point someone in Iran has gone into a store and said, you got a SME Yakhch chow.


Yeah, exactly. And these have been the fa the fascination of like everyone from engineers to historians to physicists over the years because they're just so kind of confusing in how they actually work. And I'm still not entirely sure how it works. It seems to be a little magic involved. One thing I know goes a long way toward keeping this ice. And we gotta say some of the ice is, is mined from the mountains and brought down and preserved some is made on site. We'll get to that. But one big factor is the insulation of the structure itself, which is made from a, a mortar called rouge.


Oh, Is that how you're saying it? Yeah. Sand clay, egg whites, lime, goat, hair and ash. Quite a mixture. Some of these were several meters thick. Some of these Yakhch halls were, but there was a study, we got some of this information from the engineering firm, max Fordham, and they did an analysis from 2018 of Yakhch Charles and just how effective they might have been. And they found that the walls of a Yakhch child had the same insulated properties as a wall that of concrete three inches thick, surrounded by a one foot thick wrapping of styrofoam insulation. That's how effective these things were.


Sand clay, egg whites, lime and goat hair and ash. I was gonna say like the secret it's incredible is egg whites, but who knows? I don't know. You throw goat hair in there and Yeah. Who knows what the secret, I think the secret is the whole thing together. The whole seru mixture. Yeah, probably so. So I mentioned that sometimes the ice was brought in from the mountains and kept there throughout the year. But usually what would happen is, is they would make ice, they would bring in water, they would divert water from an aqueduct through these underground water channels called OTs, and they would channel 'em to the north side of this wall.


It's another thing we haven't mentioned yet is they have these very, very high walls that act as shade for these channels to keep, you know, the wind off of it because stuff isn't gonna freeze as fast if it's moving. So to keep the water still and to keep it cooler away from that sun. Yeah. And this, so the channel has a little diversion into a trench or a pit or like a very shallow, like rectangular pond usually. And it, they'll divert water in there to fill it up and then they let it freeze overnight. Over the course of a few nights. It'll continue to freeze and freeze and freeze in layers.


And the, the what they're taking advantage of, you know, like when it snows and then the temperatures heat up and all the snow melts. But there's a little pile of snow like in a shaded corner of your yard that never gets direct sunlight. Yeah. And it just takes forever to melt. That was our yard. They're taking advantage of the same thing. Yeah. They're building that big old, that big old wall to keep it shaded and to just let this ice grow and grow and grow. And then once it reaches I think 50 centimeters, which is like about a half a meter thick, then they'll cut it into blocks and they put it in the Yakhch. She and they store it through summer. Like this stuff will stay frozen for an entire summer.


So in that sense, these Yakhch Charles are built to store cold throughout the course of a year. Yeah. Even when the summer comes around. Still cold. Yeah. Another way that helps us out is that dome shape. It's not domed because they like domes. Even though domes are nice, it's conical because that optimizes what's called the solar chimney effect, is that's when you create a convection current, letting that heat go up, up, up and out through these openings at the top and bringing in that cool air from the bottom. They also have wind catchers that they call jeers and they actually take wind and direct it downward into the Yakhch dome. And so the it, the air that hits it is cooled by that ice and the air that's not cooled by it or cooled enough, like you said, that chimney effect takes it up along the curved sides toward the hole in the top and it says, see you later, don't come back.


That's right. And that feels like a good time for a break. And we'll come back and talk about what the heck they're doing with all this ice right after this.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


All right. So they're making ice, they're preserving ice. What are they doing with all this ice? One of the things they're doing is using it as a refrigerator. You know, they'll store food in there that they don't want to to go bad and just using it as a, as a cold house. They will also just use the ice to eat in a treat. They have something called feta over there. It's a Persian traditional dessert, has thin vermicelli noodles made from cornstarch. And then you mix that up with a little semi frozen syrup of sugar and rose water and then serve it up with a little lime juice and maybe some ground pistachios. And it's like a, a little Persian icy.


That has to be better than it sounds, don't you think? Oh, I think it sounds great. I think the pistachios are where they're throwing me off. Oh yeah. You don't like pistachios or I do like pistachios. It just, they don't seem to go with the rest of the ingredients. But like I said, I'm sure it's delicious. I mean it's a traditional Persian dessert. It's got staying power. So yeah. Who am I to question for Luda? Exactly. I bet it's delicious. One of the cool things about this is that Yakhch Charles, I mean, and there's some still around, I think there's one in Kerman Iran that's about the size of a five story building. So you would think, of course obviously this was reserved for royalty, you would be dead wrong.


'cause not only were Yakhch Charles open and available to the public, there are some that people just built for their houses that were of private use as well. Yeah, for sure. They would make those delicious volta. They would make sherbets and preserve them. Isn't That nuts With fruit and ice? And they would put 'em on a donkey and go sell 'em at market and stuff like that. They would sell ice directly from those places sometimes. And you know, one of the things they're also taking advantage of is the greenhouse effect. You know, the earth is gonna stay fairly warm at night because of the greenhouse effect trapping those gases in the atmosphere. But if it's low humidity and if it's a really clear night, that effect is gonna be weaker and that heat can dissipate and disappear more readily.


And so that's when they discovered like, hey, we can make these little thin layers of ice and kind of build, you know, day by day, night by night on these clear low humidity nights eventually to get, you know, some pretty significant ice. And once they figured that out, someone said, go get the donkey. Yeah, exactly. It's time to sell some sherbert And harvest some goat hair. One other thing I saw in that Max Fordham analysis, they figured out that they could make about what would be equivalent to 3 million ice cubes a season. Wow. Yeah. Which is a lot. But they were like, you'd think it'd be more. And I was like, it seems pretty good to me, especially in 400 bc, you know?


Yeah. It depends on how big those those cubes were. Were they big fancy cocktail cubes? That's a lot more ice than a A ice nugget. That's right. You're absolutely right. I expect that they're probably all donkey head size. So 3 million donkey head size ice cubes. That's big. Think about the poor donkey that had to cart those around. I know. No fun. You got anything else? Yeah, I mean these went away obviously because of modern refrigeration came on the scene. And also one thing that was happening was they were making this ice kind of out in the open and a lot of it would get contaminated with dust and it wasn't like the healthiest ice in the world. And so that combined with modern refrigeration coming along, they're like, maybe we should just not have these much anymore.


But like you mentioned, there is one still around, at least in Kerman and there are groups there that are trying to preserve this way of life and at least keep it, you know, not like a chief refrigerating method, but like, hey, we can't lose our our culture and so let's work to take some of these old ones and restore them. At least even if only for like museum and touring purposes For sure. But also there's a lot to learn from them, especially when we're trying to advance like passive cooling and other things. Yeah. That require less energy to cool things down Yakhch Charles or something to turn to and say, how do we do this? And someone says, go get the goat here. Yeah, That's right.


We'll get some egg whites too. No one likes this. Right? What do we do with all these yolks? Yeah. Well I think that's it for Short Stuff, right Chuck? I think so. Well that means Short Stuff Is that Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.