
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member, FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And Chuck, I have a question for you. Yes. Don't you want to Fanta, Was that a slogan? Oh, don't you wanna Yeah, yeah, I remember that now. It Was very catchy, Don't you, Fanta don't you wanna, was that it? Don't you want to Fanta? That's how I remember it. Oh, okay. I love Fanta. I mean, wait, Wait, wait. You never answered my question. Well, yeah, of course I do. If I love it. Okay, good. I think I've mentioned plenty of times that I, I did not grow up drinking much soda because as a family, we didn't have the kind of money to just load up the house with sodas.


So sodas were only reserved for my mom to drink tab. Oh yeah, she was a tab drinker, huh? Yeah, We had money for that, but I didn't drink much soda growing up, so I don't drink it soda now, thankfully, because that stuff is so bad for you, generally speaking. But I, I will hammer down six Cokes a year and maybe four or five Fanta oranges All at once, once a year. I love them. I love that Fanta Orange. I just, You know, you can't drink that stuff a lot. Have you had any of the other Fantas, the grape and et cetera? I, I think I like dabbled in the grape and Kneehigh grape and stuff when I was a kid. It's really that, and I like Sunkissed, preferred Sunkissed as a kid here and there, Sunki when I would It.


Yeah. Yeah. But Fanta Orange is one of my rare, rare guilty pleasures. I gotcha. I was more of a FAO man as, as a kid. I Do, I never drank those. And I also never have drank any of the clear or yellows. Like I've never tasted Mountain Dew, didn't drink Mellow Yellow or Sprite or Seven Up or anything like that. You missed out. You've never tasted Mountain Dew or Melo Yellow. I just wanna to make sure I have that correct. I Don't think so. Wow. I can't remember ever doing it. I, I mean, I don't even know what it tastes like. It looks lemon limey, but No, no, it's not. It's its own thing for sure. I don't know that you should ever break the, the streak now that you've reached this, this long without trying it, but yeah, it's not lemon lime, it's its own thing.


But what we're talking about is whether or not Fanta is a Nazi drink. And we're gonna go into the history of that and we're gonna start out talking a little bit about Coca-Cola, the parent company, as every, most people know by now. It was invented by Dr. John Stith Pemberton in 1886. He was a morphine addicted Civil war veteran, looking for a better way to feel better than morphine and put together some cocoa leaves and colon nuts, which had, you know, were stimulants because of cocaine and caffeine and said, Hey, this is like a, a new kind of medicine. And after he died, it went on to be a very, very popular drink.


It sure did. One of the things that Coca-Cola did over time was they expanded around the world. They became an ambassador of American democracy. One of the places they expanded to is Germany, pre-war Germany, or maybe Interwar Germany. I'm not sure when they showed up. But regardless, by the time World War II was starting to ramp up, say the thirties, the late thirties, Coca-Cola was heavily entrenched in Germany, and its subsidiary was Coca-Cola, GMBH, which stands for Gel Mitt be Haung, which translates to company with limited liability. And there was a guy named Max Kite who ran the show there.


And boy oh boy, was he dedicated to Coca-Cola and furthering the cause of Coca-Cola in Germany. Yes, for sure. He, there's a guy named Mark Pendergrast who wrote a book called For God, a Country and Coca-Cola, no Colon. Yeah. Way to go, mark. Yeah, that's incredible. And he said that, you know, this guy loved Koch so much, he really just wanted to weave it into every aspect of German life, including the, the Nazi party, even though supposedly he never was officially joined the Nazi party. And you think like, well, Koch probably wasn't super stoked about this. They didn't care.


Robert Woodruff was running Coke at the time, and he was like, Hey, this is all good. We're gonna co-sponsor the 1936 Berlin Olympics. We're gonna hang up some banners there with our logo right next to the swastika. And it's all, it's all good everybody. Yeah. Can you imagine? I looked high and low for a photograph of that and I could not find it. I'm sure Coca-Cola has dedicated a significant amount of its operational funding wiping to destroying any evidence of of that banner ever. I, I haven't been to the world of Koch Museum, but I bet right here in Atlanta, I bet it's not in there. I bet they don't have it up too. There was also for the 10th anniversary of Coca-Cola, GMBH, the, they decided to commemorate their deepest admiration for the furor for Hitler's 50th birthday with a mass Nazi salute, I, I guess, of employees who worked there at the time.


Yeah, exactly. So Coca-Cola was very much entrenched in Nazi Germany even before the war. Especially before the war, I should say. Well, yeah, because once the war started we were like, oh, well I guess we can't do business with Germany anymore. Right. And Germany was seizing enemy owned businesses at Will. I think General Motors actually got out of Germany, but they did seize IBM and Coca-Cola said, sorry Kite, we gotta stop sending you our seven x flavoring. And he said, but that is the secret. And they went, I know, and I'm really sorry, but even though we are friends, our countries aren't friends right now.


And that was a, a huge hit on Coca-Cola, L-L-C-G-M-B-H Germany. He couldn't make Coke, so he was like, I gotta come up with a new plan. Yeah. And also at the same time, he is walking this, this fine line between not having access to the product that his company makes and trying to keep the German government from officially seizing and taking over. Yeah. His company. And to do that, he needs, he needs a hit, he needs the most delicious, most nutritious thing you could possibly put together that's going to sweep Germany right off, right off the bat. And I feel like we should talk about this product that Max Kite introduced after a break.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's Right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk, and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job training not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Okay, Chuck. So Max kit's like, what am I going to do? I need to come up with something fast to keep my company afloat. I think I'll just create a entirely new drink that no one's ever even thought of making before. Yeah. And because there's so many wartime rations going on, I'm gonna have to get really creative here, but I'm gonna do it. Yeah. I mean, not only did he, was he not getting that, that sweet sweet seven X Coke syrup, he didn't have sugar or at least much they were rationing sugar at the time. So he said, all right. He ended up saying the recipe was made from the leftovers of the leftovers. The the first Fanta, which by the way is the German word for fantasy or imagination.


And supposedly he said, Hey, marketing team, use your fantasy to think of a good name. And they said, how about Fanta? And he went, that's great. How about love? Good. I think guy named, I think it was a guy named Joe Nip, who officially thought of the name, but he got apple pulp from leftover apple cider making beet sugar and whey. And by all accounts, it was not orange at all. And it tasted like sweet garbage. It's, yeah. It took me a couple of reads to be like, well, wait a minute, how does that taste like Fanta? And then I realized with just sudden before it didn't taste anything like Fanta. And apparently it didn't taste very well at all.


Historians, no one knows what it tasted like, or at least no one's been able to find somebody who actually drank this stuff. But they're like, just look at the ingredients. There's no way it tasted good. And they think that it was probably mostly sold to be used as like a flavor agent for soups and stews and stuff like that, that people weren't just knocking back bottles of this stuff because they would have vomited until they died, I guess. Instead they were just using it in other ways. But that's not to say it wasn't a huge hit. It was a big seller. And not only that, it instilled like a kind of national pride among Germans. Like, look at how resourceful we are in the face of, you know, wartime scarcity.


But have you tried this stuff? Yeah, it was, it was their own. They're like, we have Fanta and beer and like, we're gonna claim those and, and love those and drink those until we fall over. So he, he did, even though, like I said, he officially supposedly never joined the Nazi party. He did work very closely with the Nazi party. 'cause he needed their help, he needed their help making sure that production continued. And, you know, the cooperation with the Nazis was a key part of that, but that was able to keep the doors open at least officially. Coca-Cola in April of 1955 post-war said, why don't we rejigger Fanta and make it taste good?


And we've got the name, we have it copyrighted and it's already sort of got a little bit of a, a, a cred, at least in Europe. So let's just keep the name and hopefully no one will remember the Nazi ties. Yeah. But also, so this name, just the name, right. They could have come up with anything else, but just the name as has Nazi ties, like you said, it, it was created in and for Nazi Germany, and it was also made from Apple pulp and beet sugar and whey why would you use that? I would think you would wanna do the exact opposite and bury that name. Like it was a banner with the Coke logo and a swastika. But instead I, they just went with it and they introduced it in Italy first as this, the version we know now.


This orange soda version in Italy was like, yeah, it's, it's pretty good. Let's go with that. And they started to export it, finally made it into the United States in 1958, which was I think three years after they reintroduced it in Italy. Yeah. I think what the deal was is it wasn't widely known outside of Germany, so it's not like the word Fanta had some negative connotation all over the world, and the Germans loved it, so it actually had a positive connotation and at least one market. So Yeah, I I get it. I mean, maybe it would've been a good PR move to change it because of the Nazi thing, but Right. I don't think it was like some otherwise tainted name. I see, I see what you mean.


And they were like, I'm sure people will just forget about it anyway, within a year or two, anybody who even knows about it, it'll never come out. Yeah. Until, you know, people started calling it a Nazi drink and, and you know, on the internet. Right. And the idea kind of spread and it was, you know, it was Fanta and not Fanta, but yeah, people largely didn't think much about it. And I still don't think much about it. I mean, it's not like If you buy a Fanta or something today, you're supporting Nazis. Right. It goes to support the upkeep of Hitler's tomb or something like that. You have a small donation, But the author Pendergrass was like, it's, this is pretty, it is still pretty significant that people like this drink enough that even knowing it's it's roots or where it came from, you're just like, it's just, it's an orange soda.


I like it for what it is. Yeah. And it's not just orange, as we said, they have a whole line of flavors, including grape, and I think it's much more popular in South America right now, but Oh yeah, it's still pretty, pretty big in, in America, in the United States. Yeah. Man, we keep getting taken to task for that, for calling the US America. Yeah. Sorry, everybody. That's what, that's what they tell us. That's what they teach us here As far as Kite goes. He stuck around and the Coca-Cola company said, you know what, even though your drink was garbage, you did the yeoman's work way back then and kept that brand alive. And so he was made eventually the head of Coca-Cola Europe and, you know, seems like had a pretty good career as a soda guy.


Oh, one other thing about that too is Kite, as the Nazis rolled into country after country kite was right behind the tanks going, your division of Coca-Cola is now part of Coca-Cola, Deutsche Land, your division of Coca-Cola is now part of co Coca-Cola Dets land. And so when he was made the head of Coca-Cola Europe, he had consolidated through conquering other businesses. Yeah. He had, he had consolidated all into one company because of the Nazis conquering these countries. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. I mean, who better to lead the Coca-Cola Europe? You know? I guess he was already in Place. Exactly. Yeah. He kept pounding his fist in his hand whenever he, he talked at like board meetings and, and investors meetings.


That's right. Okay, well that's it for Fanta. Do you want a Fanta? I don't know. That's only a question you can answer yourself. And while you think about that, we're done with this. So Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.