
Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day. and you can use those miles on any travel purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One. Travel Your next trip is closer than you think with the Venture Card. from Capital One terms. apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, and welcome to Short Stuff Josh. Here, Chuck here. Let's giddy up all the way to Japan. That's right. We're going to Japan to talk about a very famous rock in Japan that split two in 2022. And there was a tweet that kind of got big that featured a picture of that broken rock that said, and this is translated from Japanese. I came alone to The Killing Stone, where the legend of the nine tailed fox remains. If it's a manga, it's a pattern that the seal is broken and it's possessed by the nine tailed fox. And I feel like I've seen something that shouldn't be seen. Let's go, let's talk about this famous rock.


Okay, so yeah, this, this person who tweeted that was a tourist in to Geechee Prefecture in Japan, and she was visiting this very famous giant rock that supposedly was the dead form of the fox spirit to Tamo nom Ma. And supposedly Tamo Nom Mai had been trapped for centuries in this rock that people like the tweeter would go visit. The thing is, when the tweeter went to visit it, this rock had been split in two and that meant possibly that Tammon nom had escaped. Right.


And the idea was that Tamma nom Mai was trapped in this stone called the siki. Is that right? Sho Sho s Very nice. Which is killing stone. Yep. And here's the thing is the internet kind of got it wrong, If. you look at the original lore of the story, Tamma no was actually the stone and not trapped in the stone. Sure. So let's talk about this. Okay. Even further. So Tam Mo, We just keep doing setups, Right? Tam Mo Noma was a, a very famous spirit, nine tailed fox spirit in Japanese folklore.


And she showed up in a number of different myths and tales in Japanese folklore. But there's one in particular that concerns this story, And. it involved the emperor Toba, the 74th Japanese emperor, who is a very real person who lived from 1103 to 1156 ce. And during this rain, allegedly, according to folklore Toma, the Fox spirit showed up disguised as a woman and said, I think you're gonna like me. Check me out. That's right. The idea was to just sort of preoccupy and bewitch this emperor and then overthrow, overthrow the emperor.


What happened as according to lore once again, is that the emperor was enthralled, sort of neglected his duties and then fell very, very sick around the same time. So a soothsayer came along and said, wait a minute, I suspect that you Tam ma no Mai are behind this whole thing. And so she fled into, you know, the land surrounding there. Basically it's mountain nsu. And the legend was that they caught up to her, she was slain and that her body turned into the stone at that very spot. Right. So it's very significant that it was a group of samurai who tracked her down and killed her, shot her with an arrow because folklorist believe that this tale of tamon nom enchanting the emperor and basically causing him to stop paying attention to his duties is a, some sort of allegory, I guess for what's called the Hogan Rebellion.


This time when the, the Emperor's rule gave way to rule by the Samurai, which lasted for centuries afterward. And so that this was kind of a, about that story maybe justified it, I'm not sure. But the essential ingredients are that the emperor was bewitched and helpless and had to be saved by the Samurai. Yeah. And. it was, you know, there were a lot of, this is just one of many, many stories in Japanese folklore wherein monsters would appear, a hero would rise up to save somebody. It was usually a metaphor for, you know, something politically that was going on. Right. And maybe I say we take a Break.


I think I agree with you. Sure. Alright, We'll be right back.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using Zumo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream easy with Zumo play, get live and on-Demand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September have movie night with the Blockbuster Hit Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Nila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zuo.com. Now, life is hard. Zuo is easy


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo pro Lenovo Lenovo.


Okay, Chuck. So where we left off, Tamon Mai has turned into a giant stone, and this stone that people would go visit was something like six feet tall and 25 feet in diameter. It was no small stone. It sounds like it was shaped kind of like slimer from Ghostbusters. Yeah. And I think that was circumference by the way. What did I say? Diameter Circumference. Thanks. So people would go visit this and one of the reasons why that this stone in particular came to be identified as the Cki The Killing Stone is because it really kind of stood out from its, its the other stones in the area.


You could just pick it out and be like, that looks cool. And then the actual area itself on the mountain, what was the mountain's name? Nsu Naso Mount. Yes. Mount Naso is, it's like a volcanic plane. There's active volcanoes in the area, so there's like poison gas, like spewing up out of the earth around the stone. It's quite menacing in that sense, especially if you know what the legend is and you're looking at the stone as if it were The, Killing, Stone. Yeah. So there are potentially some poisonous gases, sulfuric gases that seep out of the ground in that area. While it's, it's nothing that would hurt a human If.


you went to this, you know, stone, which really stands out and looks weirdly outta place there and you found like some dead squirrels laying around. It could lend itself to the idea that either Josh was nearby No. Or that an evil spirit could radiate death from that spot. And this is a very, very well known story. I don't think we said that it was, you know, it was part of folk folklore and there are a lot of these stories, but this seems to be one of the bigger ones and it's kind of like a universally known tale in Japan. Yeah. So it's a very, very famous story. And so, you know, when this thing split, it was, you know, the internet goes a little hog wild for a short time talking about whether or not the evil spirits will be unleashed and whether or not this is all coming to fruition.


Apparently if you do like on the ground research and talk to Japanese people, they're like, we don't really think that. Of course we don't. This is the internet being the internet. Yeah. And in addition to that, over the years, initially Tamay was depicted as just nothing but evil. A corrupter of men and usurper of male power. Yeah. And then as Japanese society kind of softened and Progressed, Progressed in its stance on women, she actually evolved along with that interestingly. So that now today when she used in like manga or anime or something like that, she's usually kind of like a protofeminist, anti-hero.


Right. Is how this article from how stuff works, put it, I think perfectly. Yeah, totally. And you know, of course nothing happened because this folklore, but I imagine it's still, and apparently this is a big thing in Japan to like go visit this thing in the woods, right? Yeah. Yeah. And that, that seems like a dumb down way of saying it because we visit plenty of great things in the woods as well. But you know, smaller things like, you know, this rock in the middle of this national forest becomes like a pretty pretty standard tourist attraction. Yeah. And I didn't realize there was a term for that kind of tourism content, space tourism where it's just the one thing that you're going out of your way to go see to a place you probably wouldn't have otherwise gone.


Like the giant ball of yarn or something like that, you know? Yeah. Well except this is in a national park, which I imagine is beautiful. Sure. I think it is too. I have nothing else except I want to go on the record as correcting you. I love the squirrels now and I have for years and years and years. I know. I'm just kidding. Okay, well Chuck was kidding everybody. That means Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.