
Hey, Order up Small Business Saturday is right around the corner, and so is that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping Small on Small Business Saturday, founded by American Express.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us. And that's okay because we're doing Short Stuff. So let's get started. Everybody calm down. It's Short Stuff. That's right. We're gonna talk about Martha Mitchell, who was the wife of John Mitchell in the 1970s, who was Nixon's attorney General for a time. And Martha Mitchell was from the South. She was a, some argued that she was one of the first sort of conservative political pundits because she loved to go on tv. Not like a lot of politicians, spouses at the time. That kept a lower profile. Yeah. She loved to be on TV and talk about things. And she loved to call into journalists, maybe have a couple of bourbons and call into journalists and give quotes.


And you think like, oh boy, this sounds like trouble. Eventually it could have been, but they loved her. Nixon loved her 'cause she went out there and said the things that not a lot of people were saying in public at the time that he loved. Yeah, I saw that She was known as the mouth of the South. She was from Arkansas. And one of her quotes was, I don't believe in that. No comment business. I always have a comment. That was, yeah, basically her guiding ethos, her ethos, one of the two. And she was huge at the time. Like she wasn't just like a, Hey, I, I really like what you have to say to the papers way to go. When you ran into her at lunch, like in 1970 during the election, If, you went to a Republican fundraiser.


There was a really good chance that she would be speaking there. Like, like you said, people loved her in including Richard Nixon, who was just a fan essentially. Yeah, for sure. In June of 1972, the Watergate building was burgled, as everyone knows. And Nixon and his inner circle were like, we didn't have anything to do with this. I don't know what you guys are talking about. And then one of them said, hold on a minute, there's something that Martha knows about this that could spell trouble for us. And this is that story because it gets pretty crazy. Yeah. So crazy that there was a series in 2022.


Was it a series or a show? I think it was a series called Gaslit starring Julia Roberts is Martha Mitchell Mitchell, and a very heavily makeup and balded and changed Sean Penn as John Mitchell. Yeah. Although Sean Penn has done so many eight balls, it's possible. He just looks like that now. No, Sean PE looks good. This guy, he looked like John Mitchell, which is to say old and bald and little tubby and Well, so just, just as a spoiler, John Mitchell eventually went to prison. He's the first and only s Attorney General to go serve time in federal prison. That's how badly this went for him. But at the time, after the Watergate break in, when the Nixon campaign, 'cause he stopped being Attorney General for Nixon and became the head of Nixon's reelection campaign, he ran the committee to reelect the president, the CRP.


Everyone else on the planet called it creep instead. Yeah. And so he was running that. So at the time, right after the Watergate break in, when they were still denying, denying, denying, you can't prove anything, and he realized that his wife was, would definitely call the press if she got the chance. He hatched a plan to keep her from doing that. And like you said, it takes a crazy turn and it's about here where it does because he and Martha, John and Martha were at a fundraiser in California at the time with Governor Ronald Reagan and John Wayne. And they were that, that's when the news of Watergate broke essentially.


So John Mitchell flew back to DC but he said, Martha, stay here. And then he talked to some other guys and he said essentially, make sure Martha stays here. Keep her away from the newspaper and do not let her call anybody. That's right. And the big, big reason that they were worried about her was not just because she liked to talk to the press, but it was because one of the people caught in the Watergate burglary and arrested was a guy named James McCord. He was a security director for the reelection committee for Nixon. And had a very close tie to that family because when her husband quit the attorney general position to become head of that committee for reelection, she lost her Seaver Secret Service protection.


And he got none other than James McCord to be her private personal bodyguard. So If, you can add one and two together as Martha Mitchell, you would know If, you knew James McCord was caught breaking into the Watergate, that it probably had something to do with the Nixon campaign. Yeah. So I say we take a break and we come back and talk about Martha Mitchell's ordeal. Let's do, Its YSKY, SK Josh Clark.


Hey, Order up Small Business Saturday is right around the corner. And so is that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th, support your local community by shopping small on small business Saturday founded by American Express.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Okay, Chuck. So Martha Mitchell is being held in a hotel in luxury. Of course this isn't, you know, she's not like in some rundown hotel. This is a nice hotel, I'm presuming, I don't know why that matters. It does a little bit, but it's unnecessary to say, well, They didn't take her to like a abandoned warehouse and tie her to a chair. Oh great. Great. Thank you for saving me. Yeah. And apparently for a little while they did. They were able to keep her away from the news. I mean, this is a time when there was no such thing as 24 hour news networks and you had to physically get your hands on a newspaper to read the news a lot of times. But eventually she did get a newspaper and she did read about the Watergate break in, and she did read that James McCord, her former bodyguard, was one of the people arrested.


And she did put two and two together and say, I can't believe this, but my husband and probably Richard Nixon directed the Watergate break in. Who can I call? That's right. She was pretty mad about the fact that she was being kept in the dark, obviously very frustrated. Just watch that, that trailer, at least with Julia Roberts And, it got kinda hairy in there. So she starts fuming a little bit and causing a bit of a commotion. I'm not sure if it happened exactly this way, but in the TV show she called from a, a bathroom phone, like hotels have bathroom phones sometimes right there by the toilet.


And one of these guys, you know, quote unquote safeguarding her was an ex FBI agent named Steve King, burst into the bathroom, ripped the phone out of the wall. She was talking to Helen Thomas of UPI, one of her favorite reporters that she liked to talk to. And Helen Thomas hears the line, go dead, tries to get back in touch, and then eventually calls John the husband who said that little sweetheart, I love her so much, she gets a little upset about politics, but she loves me And, I love her. And that's what counts when all along what had happened is that Martha was physically tackled and injected with a tranquilizer. Yeah.


By, by a doctor. But still she's being held down and sedated against her will, which is nuts again, under the direction her husband by doctor. Yeah. I mean, it's better than some FBI agent doing it, but Sure. A little, I guess so I do have a huge criticism of this operation though, Chuck. I don't condone what they did to her, but if they were going to do it, there was a huge step that they missed, which is rent a second hotel room and get rid of all of the phones in the hotel room that Martha Mitchell's being kept in. And if John Mitchell wanted to get in touch with her, he could call the other hotel room and then they could relay whatever message they needed.


That was just Bush League amateur stuff, leaving any phone in there if one of the directives was to keep her away from the phone. Yeah. And the, and when they checked in, when they said, well, would you like the paper slit under your door every morning, sir? And they were like, oh yeah, for sure. Right. That sounds great. Is it, is it free? Because I don't wanna pay for it, but if it's free, definitely. Can we get two? Oh boy. Yeah. They didn't do it right, Martha, and we should say we're, we're kind of joking here 'cause Martha was not injured or anything like that, but she was held against her, will essentially kidnapped, held against her will and then gaslit, like nobody's ever been gaslit before, because she eventually was set free.


She went right to the press and said, I, you know, I was detained, I was forced into sedation. And the New York Times ran it on page 25 and the Nixon administration painted her as a, a kind of a, a, a crazy lady with a drinking problem. Yeah. I mean, very much so. As a matter of fact, they, they, their smear campaign was so far reaching that when John Mitchell resigned from being the head of Nixon's reelection committee, he said that he needed to spend or wanted to spend more time with his wife and daughter. The Nixon campaign leaked to the press that the real reason he left was because Martha had a drinking problem.


It was unstable and needed basically constant attention from her husband. Yeah. Which just supported the whole idea that she was just off her rocker talking about being held against her will and sedated. What is this lady even saying? And Yeah, like who would do that? What kind of administration would do that? Well, What kind of husband would do that too even. Yeah. You know, And, I saw that the stuff that articles that they did run were run in the women's pages. I mean, scare quotes, but that's what they were at the time. Like women's interest stuff and the way that they ran it was essentially not like, can you believe what happened to this woman? It's, Hey, get a load of this. These two are a famous married couple and there's trouble in paradise. Right.


Like gossip. Yeah. So this poor lady got dragged through the mud and we know for a fact that this actually happened because later on, James McCord, her former bodyguard who was involved in the Watergate break-in, he confirmed it. He said, this absolutely happened to her in 1975. He confirmed it, but one of the first things she did was to call on Nixon to resign. She's like, you were involved in Watergate, you need to step down. And all Nixon did was turn the heat up on the smear campaign against her. Yeah. I mean she seems like a, a like a very, like, she may have been into gossip, but she seemed like a very principled conservative because she, you know, she didn't like this dirty businesses from Nixon. No, that was huge.


She was also a very loyal spouse to the end. She refused to believe that her husband had, you know, dreamed this up And, that he essentially was dragged into it and had been led astray into dirty politics, like you said. So much so that she testified on his behalf at his federal trial. Yeah. And yet he still was like, thanks a lot Martha. See ya. I'm walking out on you. And If, you weren't like, wow, this guy's a real jerk already. He gave a quote to the press after he was sentenced to 17 or 18 months in prison and he said, Hey, it could have been worse. They could have sentenced me to the rest of my life with Martha. Oh God. Can you imagine? And she's this lady's alive for, to hear this, to hear her husband say this about her after being that loyal to him, you know, and mistaking who he was for so long.


Yeah, let's just go ahead and call him a real scumbag. Yeah. Let's, I feel good about that. So Martha, like you said, her husband served 19 months in prison after walking out on Martha and their dau their daughter in 1973. And later on, Martha, this gaslighting would actually become a term the Martha Mitchell effect because of what happened to her, which is a misinterpretation of a person's justified belief as a delusion. Very sadly. She died of cancer in 1976, just a couple of years after Nixon left office. And yeah, they, and Julia Roberts made a TV show about her.


So at least her, her story got out there in a, in a pretty major way, you know. Yeah. And a few years after Nixon resigned, he gave an interview and he tried to drag her through the mud a little more. But ultimately he, he showed his hand and, and he kind of paid backhanded tribute to her by saying, if it hadn't been for Martha, there never would've been a Watergate. Yeah. Like, he never would've been caught. 'cause he could have just kept denying, denying, denying If. you do that enough, you can get away with anything. And. that was Nixon's plan. And Martha under undermined that big time. We couldn't keep her sedated forever. Way to go, man. Who can you, who can't? You do Well. Anybody. Very good.


Alright. Well, Chuck's saying that And I don't know what to say. So short stuff's that Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.