
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member. FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here sitting in for Dave. And this is Short Stuff about Trovants or Trovants or Trovan. I bet it's Trovants. I I don't know why I didn't look it up, but I'm gonna go with that. It's gotta be, it doesn't matter. No one knows how to pronounce it. Exactly. No one outside of Romania. And the reason I just mentioned Romania is because the Carpathian area of Romania, there's a specific kind of rock that has captured the imagination of any human who's seen it because they are very weird looking. Yeah. In fact, they look like they're growing smaller rocks out of the bigger rocks.


Not supposed to happen to anybody outside of the field of geology, but they are. And so some people are like, these rocks are living, they move around. They're they're going to, they're gonna kill you and your entire family if, if given the chance. Yeah. They have babies. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing. If you look up some of the pictures of them. Yeah. They're awesome. They're, they're pretty smooth looking. They're lumpy. Yeah. It looks, you know, look up a picture of these things, you know, not if you're driving obviously, but, so you can get it in your mind's eye. They can be, they can be little, they can be smaller than an inch and just weigh a few grams. Or they can be very, very large like Boulder esque, like 15 feet high, several tons in weight.


And people since the 18th century have been like, what are these things? They look like dinosaur eggs or alien pods, what's happening here? Yeah. And they were wrong on both accounts. They really are rocks. They do grow, they do kind of calve off baby rocks, but they're not alive in any sense that we understand it. They're rocks. That's right. When they started getting serious and we're like, K guys, can we move past alien pods and dinosaur eggs and really try and figure this out? I took it to be alien pods is what people are saying on the internet now. Well, probably so. 'cause that's where all that stuff takes place. But when they finally got serious, they were like, you know, what's going on here?


This is a concretion. And a concretion is something that starts out as a little pebble or something, or a leaf maybe. And then starts getting depositions, maybe sandstone, other kinds of grit and minerals washed along a river, just building up and sort of cementing almost like a snowball rolling downhill. Yeah. That is a concretion. Yes. And in Oslo in 2008, the International Geological Con Conference Congress Man Said the parties At that place. That's, Yeah, that's the rocks that they were doing, I'm sure. Yeah. And they said, no, we don't think it's a concretion at all. I don't know who they were scolding.


'cause I'm sure all the members were the ones who came up with the idea that it was a concretion. But they said, no, this is a, this is different than that. A concretion is a rock where you have a nucleus, and then over time sediments are deposited over it and it grows and grows and grows. It's understandable why people said that Trovants were concretions for a very long time, but then somebody thought to cut one open and when they did, they, they, they said, there's no nucleus here. And with a, a typical concretion rock, the sediments are whatever got attracted to it. So it's made up of a bunch of different stuff. Turns out Trovants are made entirely of sandstone and in particular they're, they're made of calcium carbonate sandstone.


So they're like, these are not concretions. What are they? We're not entirely certain, but we're gonna take a stab at explaining them. Yeah. And they close that session of the International Geological Congress in Oslo by chanting Open bar. Open bar. And they all got busy. So they, in Oslo, they hypothesized that the minerals were carried by a prehistoric river along these little sandy sediments. And formed a kind of a slurry solution, like you said, of mainly calcium carbonate, along with calcium carbonate. You can also get sandstone from iron oxide and quartz.


But in this case, the sandstone is calcium carbonate. Yeah, precisely. And so they figured out, okay, some sort of compression took place, the force of gravity kind of pushed these things together. And then apparently they were like even more pushed together by earthquakes that took place back in, I think the middle miocene sub epoch, which as everyone knows, was about 5.3 million years ago. And they smushed the sandstone together. And If you look at a lot of the Trovants, especially the parts that are coming out of the ground, yeah, it just looks like a smush normal rock. Right? Like pretty large. But it, it doesn't, it doesn't look weird.


What makes it look weird is the spherical shape rocks growing out of the other rocks. And that actually has to do with the way that these rocks actually grow. And I say, Chuck, we take a break and we come back and talk about how they grow after this. Let's do it.


Hey Everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk, and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


So another little oddity here we have to talk about is the fact that these things secrete cement. And this is sort of what lends people to think like these things are alive. It's after a big rain, they will absorb the minerals from that rain, and then those minerals come in contact with the, the chemicals that are already in that stone that that calcium carbonate and the other stuff. And there's a pressurized reaction that makes the rock grow. It grows in girth, and that sandstone is very porous. And so it's those places in between. It's not happening. Like the whole thing's not growing at once. It'll be like a little pocket where this stuff, you know, gets lodged and expands and then it, it literally grows off little pieces and they can fall off.


And that's when people are like, look it. It had a little rock, baby. It had a baby. Yeah. So I mean, that's it. That's how they grow rocks. A chemical reaction that creates pressure in the rock that's so strong and they're so porous that it can actually bubble up. And then over time as it grows and grows and grows, it can take on a spherical shape. Right. So that's pretty amazing. What would be more amazing is If you could see this happen in real time, but you can't. No. Because the human lifespan is fairly short compared to how long it would take to watch a Trovan grow, right? Yeah. I think the deposition rate is about an inch and a half, maybe a couple of inches every year. No, every a hundred years.


No, every 500 years. No. Every thousand years. Yes. Yeah. So an inch and a half to two inches every 1000 years that is not stopped certain patient people from sitting there and looking at them from a long time though, right? Yeah, for sure. One researcher who said that they filmed Trovants for two weeks and said that not, not that they were growing, but that they were moving. Yeah. This is another thing about it too. People say these rocks move, and again, this is in Romania, in the Carpathian region, people have lived there for a really long time. They've lived around these rocks for a really long time. They've been observing them for a really long time. So you can't exactly poo ppo some of the things that they've observed about these very special rocks.


Yeah. And apparently walking or moving is, is part of 'em. So this researcher went and said, I film this thing moving at 10th of an inch, two and a half millimeters in two weeks. And don't ask me for the film or any follow up question. Yeah. He's like, so what do you think of that? And everyone's like, oh boy, this guy, does he not know there's an open bar in the back? Right. So the thing is, they're not discounting it fully that these things can move, but the rocks wouldn't be moving, say like the heating and cooling of the soil could cause some sort of movement of the rocks moving 'em along. And there are rocks that that move, they don't move by their own locomotion.


There's not a rock in the world that moves by itself. Even if it's rolling downhill, it's, it's under the force of gravity. But there are rocks in, oh, death Valley, I think the sailing stones. Have you seen them? Yeah. I feel like we talked about those in a video. It sounded familiar or maybe I just had heard of 'em. But they, they leave a track behind them. They are definitely moving. Yeah. And they're too big for a human to push as like a prank or a joke like the crop circles were. And they figured out that like very thin layers of ice form on the floor of Death Valley sometimes. And as it, as it melts, it breaks into little sheets that actually kind of move the rocks along for distances.


Amazing. It's another pretty cool thing that they found out at in Oslo. Where else is they were like, Hey, how do we explain the fact that we, we have found these fossils in here though, these marine fossils, there's bi valves in here, there's gastropod fossils sometimes. And they said, well, the best we can come up with, and this makes total sense, is that the area where they're found used to be an ancient marine environment because they're finding those fossils in there. And also that calcium carbonate. And we kind of been holding onto this till the end that is the essential ingredient in marine shells. So it seems pretty clear it was probably a marine environment in the ancient times. Boom. Pretty great.


That was The fact of the podcast. Yeah. And they're, most of 'em are founded just, not even just Romania, but this one sand query. Right? Yeah. I've seen both. I've seen them at the, you can find 'em around the Carpathia region, but there's definitely a huge population of them in what's now the Trovants Museum Natural Reserve in Val County, Romania. And there's a, a village in particular, Desani Village, which is very well known for it. So much so that, I think that's where the idea that they can only be found there. Oh, okay. Comes from, but they're still, I mean, you're not gonna find them in like Peru or Zimbabwe or something. Right. Like they're just in this very limited area of the world in Romania.


That's Right. So shout out to the Ani Village and the other one is the Costi Village. Very nice Chuck. And I guess since I said very nice, I don't have anything else, do you? No. We should just let people know they're, they're protected. Like so you can't go and break 'em and run off with them. UNESCO is protecting these things now. Do not do that. Yeah. Don't do that. Leave nature alone. Yeah, that's right. But I have nothing else aside from that. Okay. Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.