
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity. Hello and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry sitting in for Dave.


So it's Short Stuff. You a basic person. You calling me bougie? Yeah. No, I'm not. I wouldn't do that. I think it's kind of a mean thing to say to somebody, at least in America, in France, they're like, yes, you're right. Thank you. In America, it's a bit of a put down. That's right. And that's what we're talking about today. We're talking about a word bourgeois. B-O-U-R-G-E-O-I-S. Yeah. Not to be confused with Bourgeoisie, correct? Well, yeah, they're very closely related.


Bourgeois can mean a, it can be an adjective and a noun, right? If it's a noun, you're talking about one person who is bourgeois. So the that's their behavior, or it's the one person. Bourgeoisie is all of the people who are bourgeois. It's a noun only. Okay, that's everybody. But there's gonna be a quiz at the end of this episode. But If you, If you talk to Americans, a lot of Americans probably hear bourgeois and they think, oh, fancy, fancy, fancy. Right? And that is not the case because bourgeois refers to, like, you called me basics or sort of a middle class basic individual Yes. Or group of individuals. Right. But there's a, there's a long road between the original version of Bourgeois that we'll talk about.


And then the, the American version that it has now, and right smack dab in the middle are the Commies, specifically Carl Mars. Yeah. I don't understand why Joseph ENGs never gets his due, 'cause he, and Marks wrote the Communist manifesto, but it's always just Carl Mars, Carl Mars, you know, must drive angles crazy. But in 1848, they published the Communist Manifesto, and in that they adopted the word that had formerly been middle class people. It wasn't really much of a put down, it wasn't, it was just a useful word for a while. He equated them with the people who owned the capital that the labor was produced on, and decided that they were exploiting the proletariat, the working class.


Right? That's right. And he was writing in German. So of course he did not say bourgeois. He said, oh, beautiful and English. You make German sound beautiful, Chuck, Thank you, Donka in America, they may translate that as Sybil society or maybe a bourgeois society, but either way you slice it. What he's saying is the Bourgeoisie are, are the bad people. They're the one, they're exploitive. Yes. They're not actually doing anything. They just own the stuff that the people who are actually doing something are using to do the thing that they're doing. But really, the Bourgeoisie are the ones who are making the money off the working class in their labor.


Right? Yeah. So it was not, it was not a, at this, at this time, it was not viewed as a very popular, or it was, it wasn't praise. How about that? No one ever used it for praise by this time. And when it finally crossed the Atlantic to America around the early 20th century, the wobblies, the industrial workers of the world, who were, I believe I I, we talked about them before, and they were split between communists and anarchists. And there was a big struggle, I think, between the two. But regardless of whether you're a communist or an anarchists at the beginning of the 20th century, you were not a fan of the Bourgeoisie. And Yeah. So the wobblies did not like the Bourgeoisie either, and they in fact came up with a, a new slang term for 'em.


That's right. The slang word was Bois, B-U-S-H-W-A. And what's weird, I think that was in a, a quote from a 1970 article. What's weird though is that that word bois eventually was sort of morphed into a slang for bs. Like somebody's full of hot air or bs someone, you know, was full of Bois. Right. We have to thank our friends at the grammar phobia blog for digging that stuff up. That's right. And then, so it also kind of morphed in a new way, kind of the way that, that we view it today.


But, but a little, yeah. I guess it was pretty much the way we view it today. The, it first pops up in black culture where it kind of morphed thanks to Gladys Knight and the Pips. Mm. They had a disco hit in 1980 called Bougie Bougie. And Can we hear a snippet? No, we can't, unfortunately. But If you want to hear any of the song Bougie, bougie, you can find it on YouTube or just about anywhere where you can listen to it free and clear. But it's a great song, and I strongly recommend people go listen to it. Yeah. And that would be B-O-U-R-G-I-E comma B-O-U-R-G-I-E. Right. And the whole, the whole point of the song is, it's about somebody who comes from the working class or a poorer background, but started to make money, and now they're flaunting it.


They have like a new car with a sunroof. They have new clothes, and it was a, it was a commentary on them, but also kind of like a snide one too. Like, like these, these people are being tacky in a way and forgetting who they are, where they come from, I guess. Yeah. And it's kinda like that, that new money, old money thing, which is just so you know, Right? Yeah. I say we take a break, Chuck. Yes. I was about to say that. Nice word.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids fill pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out, so you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics, their kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space, whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change, and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world, and when it comes to investing, every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing, well, that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price, confident Conversations on Retirement, find it on your favorite podcast platform, or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


So If you wanna go back to the original bougie, If you wanna go back to France, the original meaning is from a French word, B-O-U-R-G, which I guess, would that be Borg Or, yeah. Kind of like Berg on the end of a town. Okay. Yeah. And that's like a small town or a small market in the Middle Ages. The people that live there sort of adopted that name for themselves. So it kind of, this, this word is just morphing and morphing all over the place. Over the years, they were one step up from like a farming peasant, so they were sort of the middle class of the time. Right. Which is just the, the way that it was, again, I said it was like a useful word. It, it wasn't like a put down, it wasn't like a compliment.


It was like you were bourgeois. That's, that's that, yeah. Descriptor. Yeah. Right. Very nice. And it wasn't until the 17th century, specifically, I think in 1670 when Moer, the French playwright, came up with a musical comedy, he was hilarious, called Lab Bourgeois. Gentle, gentle, or The Bourgeois Gentleman. And this is when it takes Bourgeois and makes fun of it, it's Moir was punching down to the middle class and essentially doing the exact same thing that Gladys Knight and the Pips were doing with Bougie. Bougie. They, they, he was basically making fun of some middle class social climber who was trying to make a, a name for himself in French society.


That's right. And that would be the definition that is most sort of thought of today in the 21st century. When someone says bougie another, you know, modern musical example is Atlanta's own from the a TL Migos. You ever listen to Amigos? Oh Yeah. It's good stuff. They have a song called Bad and Boujee, in this case spelled B-O-U-J-E. And it sort of leans back on that, what the pips were talking about, sort of a new fancy lifestyle. Yes. But two, two things were different. One, the Migos made their money cooking crack in a crockpot, which is a proprietary epi. And usually there was a Uzi in the same room too.


And two, they were proud of being bougie and all the new money and tacky, like ways that they threw it around. Like that was the thing. It wasn't, it wasn't a put down. They were like, yeah, I'm bougie. Yeah, you should have seen the money I had before. Now look what I got. Yeah, yeah, totally. It's a great song. Yeah. Okay. So that's where we are today, bougie. It's, it's essentially a put down, depending on whether you've claimed it yourself. If most of the time, if you're calling someone bougie in America, you're basically saying, like you said at the outset, their basic, their, their lifestyle and their life is just kind of boring and pedestrian in the middle of the road. And what's the point kind of thing.


Usually it's from somebody who, well, they're just being mean essentially. Right? Yeah. But in France, that's not the case. Yeah. In modern France, it does not mean pedestrian. It's a little more like good, well-mannered, well-educated. There's, there's like three levels supposedly of a Parisian bourgeois, the, the nobility or people that are kind of close to nobility, or the rich or the creme de la creme. You have the bourgeois Devins doctors, attorneys, middle class types, and then the petite bourgeois who are, you know, shopkeepers artists, you know, kind of self-starting, self-employed people.


Yeah. And even though there seems to be a bit of a hierarchy to it, they all are, they're behaving the same way. I think it just depends on how much money you have is what, what it's really kind of carved out between. But the bourgeois in France is exactly what Americans who don't know what bourgeois means think of, they're correct, but they're just thinking specifically of the French bourgeois. Yeah. And yeah, I guess that's about it for being bougie and bourgeois and Bourgeoisie and Carl Marx and Joseph Engels and Migos and Gladys Knight and the whole lot of it. Chuck, Well, we'll follow up in 10 years and see if the definitions changed again.


Great Idea. In the meantime, Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.