
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts


look around everyone. Every car you see is probably on Autotrader, like that sleek convertible that turned heads when it picked you up from the airport or the custom ride from your favorite van life couple on social media. Even that vintage sports car that's tailing you a little too closely. New cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, okay, no flying cars yet, but as soon as those things get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. That's kind of their thing. Autotrader, Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff.


I'm Josh, there's Chuck Jerry's here for Dave. And this is Short Stuff. We're talking about one of the greatest Americans to ever trace this earth. That's right. A, a food scientist named William A Mitchell who was a research research chemist for 35 years at General Foods. And this, this is, this is a great guy. He seems like it. There was an interview with a guy named Marv Rudolph who worked with with Mitchell that said he just knew how to amplify flavors in food. He knew what colors to make something to make it more attractive. And If you had a problem, he was a guy to go to. He could figure it out. The other great thing was, and this is also from the same interview, is they tried to promote him at General Foods to management many, many times.


But he didn't wanna do that. He was a lab guy and wanted to stay in the lab. Yes. And that is the sign of a true artiste. Yeah, because I think we talked about our Peter principle episode appropriately enough. 'cause that's what we're talking about here. You can very easily get raised, I guess. Promoted. Promoted, thank you. Out of your field of expertise. Yeah. And suddenly you're a manager and not everybody's a manager. We can tell you for sure. Yeah, I've, I've done that job. I'm okay at it. I don't love it. I'm terrible at it. Just screaming, pounding my fists on desks. It doesn't work. But Mitchell, and we'll get to the things he invented after this maybe 'cause that'll be a nice little teaser, but he has more than 70 food patents that he invented from 1941 to 1976.


But this was a guy that was born to very, very hard work in a Minnesota farm family or to a Minnesota farm family in 1911. Isn't that right? Yeah. 'cause his dad died while he was in elementary school. Although I suspect if you're born to a Minnesota Farm FA family in 1911, you're gonna work regardless. Yeah, totally. But I think the pressure was on William Mitchell even more than the average Minnesota farm child born in 1911 because of his father's death. So Bill Mitchell had to harvest peas and beans for other farmers to help supplement the income of their family. By the time he was a teenager, the family was living in Colorado and he was trapping muskrat and I guess selling them at the local muskrat market.


Yeah. And harvesting melons for other farmers too. So he did a lot of work that probably the average person didn't, but he also worked his way through college too, I guess as a carpenter. Yeah. Before that though, he got a job that would kind of come in handy later on as a food scientist because he worked the overnight shift at the sugar crystallization tank room for the American Beet Sugar Company. So that work with sugar, just sort of put a pin in that 'cause that'll come back. Yeah, you can kind of imagine. That's probably where he started to develop his love of food science. Right. I mean, I don't know. One can only guess, but I mean he was around all that sugar. Yeah.


Really hyped him up. Well, I say that because pretty early on, after he graduated with a master's degree in chemistry, he went into research chemistry with a, I guess a lean toward food because it was at the agricultural experiment station in Lincoln, Nebraska. I'm guessing he worked a lot with corn. And so that was his first career was essentially in food science or he started working with food as a scientist. How about that? Yeah, for sure. And as you will see, he was not a person to be deterred because not long after he started that job, that was a pretty bad explosion from heating a cracked beaker with alcohol in it. And he got second and third degree burns over 80% of his body.


Took some time off to recover a few months. And then that is when he landed his job and moved to White Plains New York with the general food co foods. Excuse me. More than one food corporation. Don't Say it. Don't say any names yet. I won't. Okay. 'cause we're gonna take a break real quick and we're gonna come back and talk about some of the great things that Bill Mitchell did with his life later after this.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


So Chuck, we talked about Bill Mitchell being an amazing person and one of the reasons why is because he developed some of the best foods that came out of the 20th century. Not the best for you foods, right? Just the best. Yeah. I wondered, after I did this research, I was like, man, are we gonna get people writing in because we're like celebrating the guy for creating junk food? Well, they just can soak their heads. Great. I like that term. That's a nice way to say other things. Hmm. So one of the first things was in 1957, he was like, how about a powdered drink that tastes sort of like, sort of citrusy and people might think it's good for you, But it's a 98% sugar. Yeah, it is. It is primarily sugar. Got a little bit of vitamin C in there.


Oh, okay. And those flavor crystals happening and you're gonna mix that together with water and you're gonna get a bright, very bright, almost unsettlingly bright orange color tangerine color drink. And it's called Tang. Yeah. And you said flavor crystals. That was a big one because William Mitchell was known in the food science industry as the master of disaster. Yeah. And then in parentheses, they would put disaster being flavor crystals that just couldn't find anything that rhymed with it. Yeah. Yeah. Tank wasn't a big hit right away though. It took a little while to catch on, but one of the big things that helped, you know, helped launch it, no, I guess pun intended, was when it went into outer space in 1962, it was on board John Glenn's Mercury space flight.


'cause he was like, man, we're storing this drinking water in in metal cans and metal vats and it tastes gross. So he's like, just throw some tang powder in there and you're all good. Yeah. So yeah, I mean this was the time when America was just totally fascinated with space. You know, you could have put an old leather boot in space and sold it as Tang and people would've drank it. Yeah. So you talked about John Glenn saying it was gross to drink metallic water. Later on, buzz Aldrin said, Tang is gross. As a matter of fact, he said Tang sucks. And he said it while he was doing the most 2013 thing you could possibly be doing, he was pre presenting a spike TV Guy's Choice Award to Felix Baumgartner.


Mm Oh, is he the the parachute guy? Yeah. Yeah. That jumped from space. Yeah. Yeah. Was sponsored by Red Bull. Probably pretty great. Yeah. And I don't know how it came up. I didn't see the clip, but that was the what made the rounds in the media. Tang sucks in quotes. Oh, good for you Buzz. Speaking of being sponsored though, by the time Apollo eight rolled around, Tang was such a thing for space flights that the, the televised event was sponsored by Tang. They were like, we got, we gotta get in on this thing. Did you drink Tang when you were a kid? A little bit, but we, I drank a lot of water. My mom was, you know, we couldn't afford a lot of stuff even though Tang was like super cheap. And I think mom, mom also didn't want us just having a ton of junk.


It wasn't like super health food, family or anything, but it was just one of those things like, I'm not gonna waste my money on that garbage. I'm, I guess you probably didn't drink Kool-Aid either. A little bit here and there. Those were treats I usually got at other kids' houses. Yeah. Kool-Aid was the best. Did you just drink all that stuff? I drank so much Kool-Aid. Cherry Lime was really good. Grape was probably the best. Oh my God. Good. Freezer pops too. Yes. But If you ever made it Chuck, you would put the Kool-Aid powder in a pitcher and it would be like a couple tablespoons maybe tops. You add sugar. Right. And then you pour literal cups of sugar on top of it, add water, stir, and just thank me later.


Yeah. Hey. Too Late. It was, it was nuts. Like looking back, it was insane that that's what kids drank. Pretty great. God bless the seventies. Bill Mitchell was trying to solve a lot of problems often when he came up with these inventions for food. Tried to save people time in the kitchen at the time, you know, trying to save moms time in the kitchen. And in 1967 he was like, jello takes way too long to make because you have to use this hot water boiling water to dissolve that stuff. So he came up with a, and got a patent for a quick set form of jello using cold water. He was like, look at that everybody. Yeah, Presto, Chao. You got cold jello in no time. Flat. No time flat.


So what's interesting is Jello is very famous for making some really weird being a part of some really weird mid-century recipes. So Bill Mitchell had his hand in Jello. He also had his hand in another ingredient. Some really weird recipes from Mid-Century, which was Cool Whip Mm. Which was to and still is, to almost totally artificial whipped cream. It's made with water, hydrogenated vegetable oil, high fructose corn syrup. Corn syrup, and then skim milk. And the skim milk is a modern edition. There used to be nothing that was a milk product in Cool Whip, which meant you could freeze it, which was a huge boon to general foods. Right? Yeah. But I think you miss one ingredient.


Love the hand of God. So you're a cool whip dude. Huh? I mean, we don't get it 'cause it, it's just, you know, it's garbage, but it's, you know, when we pumpkin pie and pecan pie and stuff like, like that around Thanksgiving and Christmas, we will get Cool Whip. I don't like the Shake A can ready whip stuff. We're a cool whip family. And it does not last long on our house because it just gets eaten out of the container with a spoon by all three of us. Same With Ready Whip though. You just turn it up and spray it right in your mouth and then when it's out you it gives you a pretty good buzz. Yeah. But I like that. Cool whip better. I like the taste. Yeah, I'm with you. I actually, I Like it frozen too. I like it both ways, but it's really good.


Frozen as well. Yeah, I think I told you before. Cool. Yeah, we talked about this cool whip and peanut butter. It's a dangerous combination. Oh, I still didn't try that. I forgot. I'll have to try that this Thanksgiving. You Know, you probably just shouldn't, I don't think you should. It's like you might as well have just said, I think I'll start smoking cigarettes. Yeah, that's a good point. So the, the, the granddaddy of them all, bill Mitchell had a hand in in that he kind laid the groundwork for the product to come. But back in 1956, William Mitchell was trying to figure out ways to carbonate Kool-Aid. Yeah. To basically create instant soda.


Yeah. And he was like, let me just figure out how to add carbon dioxide to flavor crystals because again, he was the flavor crystal king. Yeah. And I guess he, he did enough so that like he created a legacy process of adding CO2 to, to flavor crystals. It just wasn't creating the soda that he was looking for. So he shelved it and then somebody else came along and picked it up. Right. Yeah. 20 years later somebody else tweaked it just a bit. And thankfully the, the world, the United States and the world over got Pop rocks. Yeah. Can you describe Pop Rocks if people don't know what those are? Oh, they're little very tiny candy on the kind of like this size and shape of nerds.


And If you don't know what nerds are, yeah. It's like a rock. We're just totally lost here. Right. Not quite as coated if, if they are at all. But when they touch your tongue, that CO2 that's inside just like starts to get released and it makes the candy crackle. So not only does it make a cool sound, fizzing sound just like the top of like when you pour a Sprite, it like, you can feel it on your tongue too. It's very delightful. Yeah. So I mean the idea was you would take a scoop of this and add water. So in this case the water is just the, the, your saliva and the moisture from your mouth and your tongue. Yeah. And I gave Ruby some when she was like four or five. I was like, you've never had Pop rock's kiddo.


You gotta try this out. And she was, it was sort of one of those great mind blowing moments as a parent. She's Like more, No, not really. She's not one of those kids that, it's weird, she loves the thing, but maybe it's the A DHD. She's, she kind of forgets about it after that. Usually a DHD laser focuses on something like big sugar rush. So she's fortunate. Yeah. So there was a myth, I think some people probably still believe this if they've heard it chuck, that If you drink soda and pop rocks, eat pop rocks at the same time you're at risk of blowing your stomach up from all of the carbon dioxide. And that is just not true. But it was persistent enough that General Foods had to take out a full page ad back in the seventies.


And I looked it up, it's an open letter to parents talking about pop rocks and how it's safe. And it was written by Bill Mitchell. Oh that's great. Yeah. So they trotted him out and they were like, tell everybody Bill, 'cause we don't understand how they work. You explain it. Yeah. They stood next to him with a knife gently pressed into the side of his neck. So we salute you. William A Mitchell, he retired from General Foods in 1976. Tried to find out some dirt on this guy, but he seems like a, just a pretty great person. He was a father of seven, he's married for 60 years and when he passed away in 2004, his obituary said he was devoted, stimulating, and loving parent and made a pretty big impact on, you know, the diet of American kids.


Yeah. And we should say one of those seven children is Cheryl Mitchell, his daughter. She became a food scientist as well, followed in her father's footsteps. And If you like Rice Dream, you can thank Cheryl Mitchell or Elmhurst Nut Grain and Seed Milk. You can thank her as well. And she's known as a quote, world authority on sweeteners, rice processing and the extraction and metabolism of inulin Parentheses but not flavor crystals. Yeah. That was her dad's jam. Yeah. I love the legacy continues though. Pretty cool. Same here. Alright, well thank you and thank you for signing off as a salute to, to William Mitchell too. Chuck, I appreciate it. And I think that also means Short Stuff is out.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.