
Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com. Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here sitting in for Dave. So this is an official bonafide Short Stuff That's right.


Big thanks to history of bread.com, history.com, our old friends@howtstuffworks.com and the surprisingly instructive gold metal bakery type com. I also wanna shout out Metal Floss and Zachary Crockett on Price Genomics. Great. 'cause this is about sliced bread. The, the, you've heard the term of course the best thing since sliced bread. And oddly enough, well not oddly, but sliced bread has been around less than a hundred years, even though bread has been around for tens of thousands of years. Yeah, I think in either a bread episode or a beer episode, we, we explored whether or not bread was created to make beer portable or a beer starter portable.


But regardless, it's been around for a very, very long time. And yet, what'd you say? 30,000 years? I said tens of thousands, but yeah, that's a little more specific. Okay. Let's say bread was invented 30,000 years ago. It took 29,900 years before this point for somebody to think of pre-sliced bread or if they thought of it, to actually follow through with that idea. And we have a hero, a hero named Otto Frederick Ter to thank for that. We'll meet him in a minute. Yeah. So I mean, you can listen to our bread episode, we don't need to go over all that. But suffice it to say for 29,900 years ish, people were generally tearing off chunks of bread.


That's where we get the term breaking bread. There were sandwiches, I believe the first like credit for the real sandwich goes to Rabbi Hillel, the elder who put lamb and bitter herbs on in between two pieces of matzo, the Hillel sandwich. And then in 1840 woman, miss Leslie, Eliza Leslie published directions for cookery in which she talked about what's thought to believe be the, like the first ham sandwich where she talks about cutting slices of bread very neatly. So people were slicing their bread at home. It's not like they were like, I wanna make a sandwich, but I just tear it off in these big chunks and I don't understand.


Right. People were home slicing bread to make sandwiches, but that all changed on July 7th, 1928. Right. Yeah, because that guy I mentioned before, Otto Frederick Ter, the father of sliced bread, he had been tinkering with this for well over a decade. Right. Veta? He was a, he was, It's gotta be German. It has to be. Well his name's Otto Frederick first. I mean, those are your first two clues and then they really kind of drive it home on the third name Then lf de He. No, he was, you're not gonna do it from what? Thero Rve. I just want you to say it.


German Ricter. Yeah, There you go. I didn't even know I could roll my Rs. You're calling 'em Ter. Well, I'm, you know, from Georgia. In Ohio. In Florida. All right. All Right. So anyway, OT or wait, OFR, I don't know. What's that? It's his initials. I'm trying to think of something else to call him. Okay. That you won't make fun of me for. How about Otto? So Otto, he was an inventor and I don't, I didn't see anywhere where he got the idea to do this, but just suddenly sat up one day, he is like sliced bread. We should make sliced bread. So you can just go buy store, buy at the store, pre-sliced bread.


And he got to work making a machine all the way back in 1917. But you mentioned it wasn't until 1928 that people started being able to buy pre-sliced bread at the store. And that's because he got pretty far, got a prototype developed, had all these blueprints for making this machine, and there was a fire at his office that just wiped everything out. That's right. It's very sad. Yeah. And it, it took him a long time to get back, you know, up to speed. I do think we, we should point out that this guy was a jeweler. He was not in the food business at all. He had a, a ophthalmology degree, yet he became a jeweler and had three jewelry stores that he owned.


But he was an inventor and he would sell those jewelry stores and that's what financed his, I guess just strange idea to slice and package bread. Yeah. And I mean, think about how just normal that seems now, just to imagine that somebody had to have that idea at one point and then we know the person who did his name is Otto. I just find that fascinating. That's right. Mr. Ter, If you wanna put it like that. Should we take a break? Yes. Alright, I'll be right


back. You're a details person. Checking reviews, reading nutritional info, even terms and conditions. So in donating, check out GiveWell an independent resource offering rigorous, transparent research on top of giving opportunities. Their recent analysis of cash transfers in Africa includes over 300 footnotes. Perfect for meticulous readers. For 17 years, GiveWell has researched charities directing funding to the highest impact options. Over 125,000 donors have used GiveWell to contribute more than $2 billion. Saving an estimated 200,000 lives Give Well's Research is free, helping donors make informed decisions. Donations to recommended funds are tax deductible and give well takes no cut. If you've never used give Well to donate, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last to claim your match, go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter Stuff You Should Know at checkout. Make sure they know that you heard about GiveWell from Stuff You Should Know to get your donation matched. Again, that's givewell.org to donate or find out more


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Stuff You Should Know. Stuff You Should Know. So Otto had that fire in 1917 and he kept working at it and 11 years later he had a working machine that was pumped by foot. I saw like a sewing machine of the era. And it was two sets of very sharp blades. Some going up, some going down at the same time, and a loaf of bread would come from a top down a ramp past the blades and come out the bottom of the machine. Sliced, but kind of a mess. They were just kinda laying all over the place in a low fish shape, but really a pretty messy low fish shape.


Yeah, they were half inch slices because he did a lot of research and came up with a half inch is sort of like the perfect uniform width for a piece of bread for a, a sandwich or whatever else you wanna do with it, I guess. Yeah. And he sold that first slicer to a guy named a friend of his named Frank Bench, who was a baker in Missouri at a place called the Chiko Baking Company. And that was the first one sold. The second was, was sold to another baker named Gustav Poppen Dick. And this is the guy who improved it. He was like, Hey, you got these slices that are coming out, but they're all falling apart. He came up with a way to slice it where they stayed, you know, packaged together.


They stayed fresher longer and they, it just made the, the wrapping process much easier. So he improved upon it. Yeah, for sure. So two things. Frank Bench was Baker on the verge of bankruptcy and just decided to take a chance and pay his friend for this machine. And number two, the before Gustav Poppen dick came along, Otto's solution to these floppy, flimsy, like falling apart loaves of bread was to stick a hat pin in them. And then part of the instruction was to take the hat pin out just far enough so that you could take some, some, however many slices you wanted from it. And then push the hat pin back in.


And everybody was like, that's a terrible idea, what else you got? And luckily Papin dick was like, no, no, no, we'll have it wrapped so that by the time it comes outta the slicer, none, this loaf isn't falling apart. And it's wrapped for freshness. It was a great, great improvement because without it sliced bread would've gone nowhere basically. Yeah. I wonder if veter was like, have you seen a king cake? They got a freaking plastic baby in those things. Right? It's like, and you guys are, You can deal with a hat pin, Right? You're not gonna choke on a hat pin, but 18 people a year choke on a king cake baby. It wouldn't surprise me. So the reference, the first reference to sliced bread in print apparently was in 1928 when that local paper from Frank Benches bread company there in Missouri had an article that said sliced bread is made here.


That was the headline, I'm sorry. It was an advertisement. Sliced bread is made here. And they are of course the, the, the home of the original sliced bread there in Missouri, which is quite acclaim to fame I'm sure. But when this stuff came out, it, it wasn't like everyone was like, oh my God, this is the best thing since, you know, since whatever the previous best thing was. People are like, this is weird. 'cause they had been slicing their own bread, they didn't know what to think about it. They had to convince, you know, people to get on board to get bakeries on board. And who got on board was generally homemakers, which at the time was largely women. These women who were packing lunches for husbands and kids, they were like, this is incredible.


You have no idea how much easier this is. And I don't have kids arguing about different size slices and Johnny's thing is bigger than me and this sandwich looks janky because the bread slopes at the end and I got a small piece and a big piece and it's made everything quicker and streamlined my routine and this is the, the new best thing. Right? And to help them out, I think Wonder Bread first came out, it was, I think the first sliced bread nationally available or widely available, and it became the, the most popular. And originally it was called Wonder Cut because it came pre-sliced and they shortened it to Wonder Bread. But I was like, seriously, how much of a time saver is this?


And then I read a, a quote from a woman who was upset. We'll talk about why she was upset in a minute, but she makes a really good case that like if you're having to slap together sandwiches really quickly for your family's lunches before they go out the door and you're also cutting bread to make toast for them at the same time. Like, you might have to slice 30 slices of bread really quick. Right? And that's actually kind of time consuming. So If you can buy pre-sliced bread, that's gonna save you some time and effort and it actually is worth it. So I, I finally wrap my head around how much of a time saver sliced bread actually is. Slice. Yeah. I got six kids. I got a husband, I got a, a divorced neighbor who doesn't understand how to make a sandwich.


Art. Yeah. Art's, divorce. He doesn't know how to make a sandwich. Everyone wants toast, everyone wants sandwiches. You can't take this away from us. No. And they tried to, didn't they? Yeah. I mean, didn't the government step in and literally tried to stop slice bread? Yes. So as part of the wartime conservation in the United States for World War ii, Claude r Wicker, who was the US food administrator, I Think it's Vard, sorry, I I you're probably right, but I'm going to call him Claude Wicked. He ordered a ban on sliced bread in particular, not bread, not anything else, just sliced bread.


And his reasoning was you have to use thicker wax paper to keep pre-sliced bread fresh because there's a lot of holes in it now. There's a lot of extra surface area to go stale. So that means you're using more paraffin and God knows what else they were trying to use paraffin for probably waterproofing stuff like clothing and things like that at the time. Yeah. So they needed the paraffin. And then at the same time they're also like the price of grain is about to go up and we don't want bakers to be able to use sliced bread prices, which is more expensive to hide, passing on higher grain prices. So we're just gonna say you can't have sliced bread. And Claude Wicked walked away whistling and like dusting his hands off and he thought that was it.


And he ran into America's homemakers who surged up like a, a tidal wave of angry people wearing aprons. He came after him and he ended up backing down pretty quick. Yeah. He, he put on his canvas wax, his wax canvas field jacket. Right. And he marched outta the room, His veiled vact. Thank you for getting on board. So back to Veta, he sold his patent rights to a company called the Micro West O Company in Iowa. I think we did mention he was, I think he was from Iowa, right? Davenport.


Yeah. And he actually was one of those deals where you sell the patent rights, but then you come on board as a sort of spokesman and salesperson. Right. So he led the TTA bakery machine division selling these things to more and more bakeries. But he never, he never became like some huge name. I think there are many, many more inventors of very common items that are much more well known. He lived a very quiet life in Louisiana and I think he retired in 71 and passed away at what, close to 80. His age was close to 80. Yeah. As opposed to what? Dying of 1980 or 1980.


Oh, okay. I got you. Yeah, close To 80. I don't know what year it was though. Do you know? I don't, as a matter of fact, but we could kind of guess. He's, he lived, he was. Oh, 1960. There it is right there. I was gonna do some math and luckily I was bailed out at the last minute. Yeah. So there you have it with sliced bread, right? Yeah. Well there's one other thing. There's a, a extra happy end to this story. That guy, Frank Bench, the nearly bankrupt baker who took a chance on his friend Otto and his new machine, his sales increased by 2000% when he started selling sliced bread and he was saved.


Wow. Yeah. Pretty cool. That's amazing. I think it's pronounced it BI hope, I really hope that Otto's like great grandson Tim Reson and he's like, it's RO weather. Well it may have been since they were in Iowa, a lot of people, you know, changed their very German or French or whatever pronounce names to more American sounding. Sure. Like Clark. What was Clark? Clark. Clark. I think Bryant was probably O' Bryant at some point. No, Clark was Clark. It's a derivative of clerk. So I come from a long line of pencil pushers. Oh, how weirdly inappropriate. I agree. I'm glad you said that.


Thank you. Yeah. What I guess short stuff's out Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.