
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And we're here with Zippy, Mr. Zip, also known as Jerry sitting in for Dave who has nothing to do with the post office. And this is Short Stuff. That's right. I'm sure we probably talked about ZIP Codes at to some degree in the post office In our episode. On On, yeah. On ZIP. Codes. It was USPS. We didn't do one on ZIP Codes. No, I know. Okay, good. But we're gonna talk a little bit about ZIP Codes. That that thing on the envelope. That's, well it depends on how long it is. It depends, well, we'll, we'll get to what those numbers mean. 'cause some of them are a little longer than others. If, you want to talk about the origin of just postal codes?


It seems to be from London because in 1857 they started up with 10 different sections of London, like North South wc, Western Central, just, and the, the whole point of all this is to, you know, it's called a zone improvement plan for a reason. It's to improve the way mail was delivered and just to make it easier to sort and get out. Yeah. And it's, whether it's 1857 or 2024 ZIP, Codes and anything to do with ZIP, Codes is something that's a consequence of more and more people showing up into a more and more densely packed area. It gets harder to deliver the mail the more people there are.


So If you can specify with greater detail. Yeah. You can make sure that that letter gets to the right person even faster. 'cause If, you just put the If, you just put the address on there and throw it out into the street. It's gonna take a while for it to get where it's going. Yeah. Well that's basically what we did until July 1st, 1963 in the United States. We had, you know, the, the street number and street and then the city and the state and that was it. It feels like it would be very weird for my eyes to see an address without a zip code. 'cause we grew up with them. But you know, if you're around before 63, it's sort of like us with the, the area codes now on telephones.


Like we grew up without area codes that you had to dial first too. Oh yeah, for sure. But there are 41,642 ZIP Codes in the United States. That number is not necessarily always growing because when I looked at the source material there actually more than there are now. So I guess they get combined or they shrink and things change. Sure. But right now there's like I said, 41,642 And the whole thing started back when a fresh-faced up and coming. Young postal inspector from Philadelphia named Robert Moon decided that it was time to improve the organization at their mail center.


And Moon came up with a zip code for use in Philadelphia that was so sharp and so whizzbang that the USPS totally ripped him off and fired him so that he couldn't tell anybody that they stole his idea. I don't believe that You shouldn't. But he did come up with the, the concept of ZIP Codes and the USPS did take his idea and run with it. but I, I don't think that they fired him and tried to shut him up. I think they were like, yeah, great, great idea kid. Yeah, exactly. His only had three digits at first so he could identify sort of the region where it was going. And then the city basically, we'll, we'll get probably in the second half get to the what they mean now.


But I did mention it was an acronym for zone improvement plan. They did get zip, the USPS that is got it trademarked. Yeah. But they let it expire I guess when they realize that like, what's anyone gonna do with the word zip. Exactly. That really matters, you know? Right. Yeah. I don't, I don't get it at all. But yeah, so I mean, If, you wanted to use zip code yourself, then the post office is not going to sue you for that 'cause they can't be some Hot merch. So the, before July 1st, 1963 when ZIP Codes debuted, and I'm sure for a while after until people started using 'em. 'cause it wasn't like an immediate, like, like left hand driving day happened in, was it Sweden or Denmark?


Oh, that's Right, dog in Like that was, that happened on a specific minute. And it was, that's the way it was from that moment on ZIP Codes were introduced and it took a little while to catch on, but one of the reasons why ZIP Codes were introduced was again, because more and more people were moving into cities. And at the time, If, you mailed a piece of mail, it usually went through about 17 stops from where you dropped it off to where it ended up. And ZIP Codes help improve that because it, it, it narrows the location that it's going to head toward on its journey. And at each stop there, the information located in the zip code tells the people at that step, oh, it needs to go this way and then it needs to go that way and it needs to go here and then now it needs to go to this specific address.


Yeah. The zip code should be first on the line If, you put it that way, you know? Yeah, for sure. Somebody really dropped the ball. Yeah. I'm looking at Robert Moon. I guess they know where to look though. Like you said, no one used it a lot at first and it had to gain steam. And one of the ways they, you know, they got the PR team on it, the marketing team on it, and they, they had Mr. Zip or Zippy, like you kind of joked about Jerry as a little, little character in the 1960s and seventies when they had new ZIP Codes coming out and they even had Ethel Merman do a commercial singing to the tune of Zippity Doda to literally just sort of drive the idea that like, Hey, ZIP, Codes are here to stay. Everyone get on board.


Yeah. Honey, everything's coming around. What movie is that from? I mean, I wanna say airplane. Yes. It was airplane. Somebody e injected her with a sedative while she was singing. It was great. All right, let's take a break and we'll come back and talk about how you deciphered these things and what all those dumb numbers mean right after this. Well now when you're on the road driving in your truck, why not learn a thing or two from Josh and Chuck? It's Stuff, You, Should, Know. You know,


Hey everybody, summer is the best time to run the way you want to. You can dial it up with new challenges and programs. You can bring your workouts with you to make the most of those beautiful outside sunny days. That's right. Because summer is the best time to push your pace, move how you want, and enhance your fitness journey and feel like your most empowered self. and of course we're talking about Peloton. That's Right. Whether you're prepping for a marathon or improving your pace, whatever road lies ahead. Your training starts here with Peloton Tread or Tread Plus. That's right. I love Peloton. And the thing I love most are their great slate of instructors. They can take you to new heights. They can tap you into their expertly program workouts and real-time metrics, which is also great. Like pace targets. They can take your fitness journey to new heights. That's Right. Pelotons classes challenge you to be your best no matter what your experience level. So call yourself a runner with Peloton at one peloton.com/running. That's O-N-E-P-E-L-O-T-O n.com/running.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, Chuck, it's time for the most contentious part of this Short Stuff. We're gonna talk about deciphering those numbers in an American ZIP Codes zone improvement plan code. The first number is pretty non-controversial. We're, we're in agreement that that stands for the national area and there's nine, no, there's 10 national areas numbered zero to nine zero starts in the Northeast, probably in honor of Robert Moon, and then nine goes up the west coast over to Hawaii and up to Alaska.


That's the first number. So wherever that first number is, it's going to hit a specific region of the United States. That's called the national area. Yeah, but you hit it on it with region. That's the way people talk and that's how people say it. Okay. That's the first number. What about the second number? The next two numbers, The next two numbers, they start drilling down even more. So the next two are gonna be, that is specifically the region. Oh wait, but how can the first number and then the next two all be the region? Well it, it drills down. You use that first number to get you to the general region and then you go down to an even smaller region in the next two numbers.


Yeah. Also call a sectional center. Yeah, the SCF Right. Right there on our page. And then the, the sectional center can also be like a large city itself. Yeah, sure. So nine is is like California and oh two is Beverly Hills, maybe Los Angeles. Because the one oh would be the next two numbers. That's the actual post office that serves that area or group of post office that serve that delivery area. Yeah. And again, it all depends on how big of an area you live in. Because once you get to the plus four system, which came about in 1983, you're drilling down even more depending on how big of a place you live.


The first two numbers of the plus four, which is separated by a dash from the initial five, the street or building. And then on the the second or the last two numbers of the plus four, it can even go down to the side of the street or the floor of a building. So pretty cool. As you'll see If, you have a building big enough, you will have your own plus four potentially with what floor of the building that letter's gonna go to. Yeah. In other words, the United States Postal Service knows exactly where you are. That's right. and there are plenty of buildings with their own postal code, including I guess the champion of them all, which is the White House that has two ZIP Codes.


Yeah. Beat that. You can't do it. Apparently the President's family, their personal private mail has its own zip code. And then there's the regular one for the White House. That's right. Not just the White House. There's also, like you said, individual buildings. If it's a building big enough, it'll have its own first two numbers of a plus four. My friend, there are buildings so big that they have their own zip code itself. Yeah. I mean the Empire State Building, obviously the World Trade Center had its own zip code. Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City even has its own zip code. Yeah. Because sometimes it's not just big, it's important or illustrious or glamorous.


In the case of sacks Burning man, this might be the fact of the show. For me, burning the Burning Man Festival has its own zip code while it's for two weeks out of every summer. Yeah. Pretty cool. Huh? 8 9 4 1 2. They're sometimes they're very temporary too. you know how you said sometimes they grow, sometimes they retract the total number of ZIP Codes. Yeah. An example of that was in 2005 when Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans. Oh yeah. And a lot of people ended up in Houston and there were so many, there was such an influx of climate refugees from New Orleans in Houston that they had to house them in the Astrodome for a while and to make sure that those people could get mail and send mail.


They were given their own zip code for the Houston Astrodome for a little while. 7, 7, 2, 3. Oh Yeah. There's a bit of trivia for you. I grew up with 3 0 0 8 8. Oh. Mine was, let's see. Oh man, I wish you hadn't have just said that. 'cause now I don't remember mine. Really? I figured that'd be sort of drilled in like your, your home phone. No, I've got the rest of the address and my home phone. It's just the zip code. I can't remember. Well, you could probably get it there. And also it just doesn't matter. There is also another way that they get paired down too, is if your town catches on fire for half a century.


Oh sure. Like in central Pennsylvania, where the famous coal fire has been burning for decades now. Oh, oh yeah. The, the, the postal service said we're throwing in the towel on you guys in 1992 and revoked their zip code. The supposedly the wealthiest ZIP Codes are oh 7 6 2 oh Alpine, New Jersey, which I gotta look that up. It just must be like a Tony bedroom community for New York or something. It Does not make any sense. And 3 3 1 0 9 Fisher Island, Florida. That sounds very exclusive. It is not 9 0 2 1 oh in Beverly Hills. No, I'm sure there's a lot of money there, but it's not the wealthiest No, sorry, everybody, sorry to burst your bubble.


9 0 2 1 oh fans. I gotta figure out what's going on in Alpine, New Jersey. Yeah, for real. It's, it's, it's surprising. There's another thing too. Remember you talked about the PR department getting going on, getting people to use ZIP Codes in the sixties. Yeah. One of the people they tapped was Santa Claus himself. They gave Santa his own zip code 9 9 7 0 1 and said Little kids If, you wanna send letters to Santa? That's Santa's new zip code. So put it on there. It's pretty great. And I remember, I remember specifically in one of our early Christmas holiday specials, we talked about how Canada gave Santa his zip code for that country too. And I think it's eight zero H zero H zero.


So it spells Hoho ho. Oh, okay. So by the way, in real time, I just looked up Alpine, New Jersey real quick. Okay. Fewer than 2000 residents, but they're all rich. Yeah. That's kind of skewing the demo, you know what I mean? Oh, for sure. Chris, Chris Rock, Tracy Morgan, Stevie Wonder, Ja Rule, Lil Kim. So I thought it might be like Elon Musk lived in that county and that was the only person or something. But it, it must just be a very limited number of people and they're all loaded. Tony, like you said, It's like a per capita thing. That's Such a great use of that word. I like Tony If. you like Tony? Oh wait, I was gonna end this like a regular episode, but it's not a regular episode, Chuck, which means that it just stops Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.