
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home, then check out rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket, or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in all 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. He's older than 50, it turns out. And there's Jerry. And this is Short Stuff and let's go. That's right. This is the, the, the case of a sort of a lesser known unsolved true crime murder, in fact. Yeah. That didn't spoil anything. I don't think so. In this thing you put together called it bizarre. I, I take issue with that. I don't think it's bizarre at all, but it is unsolved and interesting. Okay. I think when you Yes, you're right. No, it's not bizarre. But regardless, it sounds like any Episode of The Sopranos, to me it Is unsung in that it doesn't even have a Wikipedia page No.


Mention this whatsoever on all of Wikipedia, which is very surprising. But we're talking about the death of a man named Charles C. Morgan, who died in May of 1977. Yeah. In the desert outside of Tucson, Arizona. And his death was, like you said, almost certainly a murder, but it, it was pronounced suicide by the local sheriff, even though the coroner was like, I don't know what this was. Everyone else on the planet will tell you it's a murder, especially once you know the details, which we're gonna get into right now. Yeah. Well, let's just describe the crime scene. This guy was found deceased at the scene wearing a bulletproof vest from a gunshot wound from his own handgun to the back of his head.


And it did not have his fingerprints on his own gun. And it was laid beside his body. Yeah. So the, the sheriff was like, it looks like a suicide to me. You know? Right. The guy put on surgical gloves and, you know, shot himself in the back of the head as one does, and then managed to somehow to take those gloves off and, and hide them Exactly. Before he died. And then he said, let's go get lunch. Yeah. His wife said, no, there's no way that this was a suicide. That's impossible. And now we're gonna tell you a little bit about Charles Morgan and things will become pretty clear as we do. Yeah. So he was an escrow agent and the escrow agent is anyone who's ever bought a house knows is the person who holds the money.


Yeah. They're this impartial third party who follows a set of rules about keeping and dispersing money. And basically once the sale of some high value thing, almost always real estate, but sometimes things like if you're buying a bunch of gold or you're buying a private jet or something like that, there's gonna be an escrow agent involved. 'cause you don't just hand over the money and hope for the best. And then once everybody's signed and all the stuff is legal and set, then the money gets sent out. But they hold it in escrow. And by being an escrow agent, not just Charles Morgan, but any escrow agent, I think even still today, is in a really good position to help organize crime launder money.


Yeah. Like just putting money in escrow all of a sudden it's got a little bit more legitimacy to it. Yeah. It's not the most regulated industry, so it's a little easier to get away with something like that, probably as an escrow agent, or at least for sure. Certainly it was in 1977. Yeah. And that's what he was doing. It seems like it, it, you know, from all accounts, it didn't seem like he was a bad dude. It seems like somebody maybe like in a Sopranos episode where he got in a little over his head, maybe ended up feeling like he had to do certain things once the the mafia got their, you know, their finger in his pie. Oh, what? That's a good one, man.


I love that. That's the best one since sniff 'em off the case. Oh man, That's wonderful. As it was coming out of my mouth, I knew that it was not Right. 17 years in and you're still, you're still doing it, man. I appreciate that. I love it. But he was doing this for the Mafia and there's a, a journalist for Unsolved Mysteries at the time named Don Devereaux, who basically was like, this guy was helping the mafia launder money through Arizona as an escrow agent, like by buying and selling platinum and gold is how they were doing it. Yeah. Because again, like you said, just taking tainted money, money made from selling drugs, you put it in an escrow account, it gives it legitimacy If the escrow agent isn't asking where it came from, from that point forward, once it's in the escrow account, that's when the paper trail really kind of starts.


So if they use that money to buy, legitimately, buy legal gold and platinum and then turn around and sell that, that illicit drug money just became legitimate in the eyes of everybody. Thanks again. In part with the help of Charles C. Morgan and did you say he, he oversaw a billion dollars worth of transactions in the few years he was doing this? I did not. A billion dollars. That's what Don Devereux estimated that journalists for Unsolved Mysteries. And like you said, he he was a good guy. That's the sad part of all of this. He wasn't some scumbag, he wasn't a sc he seems to have gotten in over his head. He was definitely helping the mafia launder their money or organized crime.


But he was also a, a dedicated family man who cared very much about the safety of his family. And I say we take a break and come back and really kinda get into the sad story of Charles Morgan's death. Let's do it.


You know, buying a home used to be a headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, for pre-approval, for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. That's right. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. And that's rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Yeah. And you'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insights and more all the things that you need to make the kind of informed decisions that can make a big difference for you and your family. That's right. So whether you're buying your first home, managing home ownership tasks or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership, whether you're buying or refinancing, you just have to give a look because it's all there. Rocket. Own the dream.


If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue, irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay. So surely there's other people out there who know much more about this and the chain of events that led to this. But If you take it from the story of Ruth Morgan, Charles Morgan's wife, the whole thing starts in March of 1977 when all of a sudden one day Charles Morgan goes missing and he is missing for three days and he finally turns back up. But when he turns back up, he's not carrying like flowers and chocolate to apologize. He shows up missing a shoe among other things. Yeah. He's missing a shoe. His hands are zip tied together. There're another set of zip ties that I guess he got out of, but on one of his ankles. And she immediately is like, oh my God, the mafia has their fingers in your pie.


That's right. I know what this means. He was refusing to speak and wrote down on a piece of paper, and this is the part that I just find interesting and I don't take issue with it, but I'll, I'll tell you what I mean. He wrote down that his throat had been painted with a hallucinogen, a hallucinogenic drug that could either drive him insane or his words or destroy his nervous system and kill him. So don't call the cops and don't say anything out loud and move my car, go hide my car. 'cause I don't want them to know I'm back. Yeah. So I get the impression that he wasn't just telling his wife that 'cause he didn't feel like talking to her. I think he was naive enough that somebody told him that they did that.


Yeah. Okay. That he was really worried it was true. All right. We're in agreement then because I, I don't think that's a thing, is it? No. I mean, you would still absorb whatever drug through the mucus membranes of your mouth. Yeah. What I really tried to dig up, and again, there's just not a lot is like did he experience any, you know, drug effects? I don't know. But I did see that Ruth nursed him back to health from different sources. So I don't know what the deal was. He also was handcuffed, so it could have been, you know, trauma from that, who knows. But he didn't want her to call the cops because like I said, he was dedicated to his family and he did not. He, he was so up against the wall that he could not involve the cops.


He had to figure out how to do this himself. I mean, like people write entire books about this, this few week segment of Charles c Morgan's life. That was the kind of trouble he found himself in. Yeah, for sure. Super scary stuff. Obviously after about a week, like he said, his Ruth had nursed him back to health and things sort of returned to normal in his life except that he started wearing a bulletproof vest. He started, he grew a beard out to try and kind of disguise himself. He started driving his daughters to and from school every day where when they used to walk. 'cause he was worried for their safety and he wouldn't tell his wife what was going on. He was just like business as usual.


And the excuse was like, Hey, I I can't tell you what's going on 'cause I have to keep you safe. He might, he might've hinted that he was a government agent, but basically Ruth don't ask. Yeah, pretty much. So things kind of like you said, get back to normal a little bit. But that was March of 1977. In May few weeks later, he suddenly went missing again. And this time, I mean, I can't imagine the dread Ruth experience like the first time, I'm sure she was like, where is that Charles? And she had like a rolling pin in her hand or something like that, waiting for him to come home this time after he showed up the way that he did after he started wearing a bulletproof vest, as scared as he was, and then also not letting her in on anything.


Him, him disappearing a second time had to be torture for her. I think he was gone nine full days before she got a phone call from an anonymous woman. And it was a bizarre phone call. So let's say that if the whole case wasn't bizarre, Chuck, there's bizarre elements and this is definitely one of them. No, no, for sure. I mean this this stuff is a, a little weird. She got the call from a woman who said he's okay Char, or I think she called him Chuck even Chuck is okay. He's all right. She also mentioned Ecclesiastes from the Bible chapter 12 verses one through eight. This would pop up again in a second, but I'm, I'm sure you went and read Ecclesiastes 12, one through eight as I did.


Yeah. It was weird. The only thing I can sum up is that it, it sounded like some, some Sam Jackson kind of stuff in Pulp Fiction. Yeah. Kinda Like, just sort of a, a scary ominous biblical passage is, is how I interpreted that. Yeah. I mean, yeah. But it was also really odd. I mean, I'm sure if I had read much more around it, I it would've made a little more sense, but maybe not the, the end of it being just the way that it did. I think somebody said like lies, these are all lies at the end. Yeah. Which is not, you know, it was just really strange. So yes, I find that bizarre that that was even mentioned and it also comes up again after that.


Right. So this Ecclesiastes 12 colon colon verses one through eight Yeah. Is also mentioned on a $2 bill that was found on Charles's body. Chuck's body. Not you, Chuck, I hate to even say that out loud, just the follow of this happening to you. Yeah, I appreciate it. It, it was on this $2 bill he had written Ecclesiastes 12 and then he circled a one and a eight that were in the serial number of this $2 bill to, to reference that. This was in verses one through eight. That's right. Did you say that was in his underwear? I didn't, I was It was in leaving that for you.


It Was clipped to the inside of his underwear. The bill also had seven Hispanic last names written on it. There was a map showing a known drug smuggling route between Mexico and Tucson. Yeah. And then the founders on that bill, the founders are signing the Declaration of Independence. They numbered them one through seven and then the biblical stuff. They also found one of his teeth wrapped up in a handkerchief in the car. So we, there was a piece of paper with directions of where he was buried and hand, you know, handwritten handwriting and someone else's sunglasses were in the car. I've never seen any explanation for what his tooth was doing wrapped up in a handkerchief. I don't know, maybe they intended to send it as like you would a a, a lopped finger as a warning and they have never got around to it.


That'd be what I would say. But why did he have it? Well, that's what I'm saying. I I mean clearly someone clearly was out there in the desert with him in that car. Yeah, I guess. But I mean, If you, and they left, there's not really any bigger message that you could send rather than leaving his dead murdered body right by the car, why would you put his tooth in a handkerchief in the car? It's just strange to me. Well, you know what? I would even go so far as you call it bizarre. Here's, here's the scene. The two, the two mafia guys are driving away and they were like, Hey, nobody's ever gonna find this body, right. Hey, not out here. They're not. And you got the tooth to mail to the broad, right. Oh, Vinny, I left the tooth.


You left the tooth Right. He said, I thought you said leave the tooth, grab the cannoli. So that's what I think happened. But yeah, that, that doesn't make a lot of sense. A couple of days after the body was discovered, a woman called the Sheriff's department said, I am the person who called Ruth Morgan a few days earlier. My name is Green Eyes. And they said, how pretty? And she said, thank you. And they said, are your ice green? She said, they're actually a shade of blue. She said, maybe She said, but that's not important. She said, I met with Chuck at a local motel recently. He had been hiding out there for about a week and he was on the run. He had a briefcase, like had a ton of money.


He said that someone put a hit out on him and he was getting in touch with the hitman to buy back that contract. Obviously that did not happen. No, and it's, it, that's really, it's just such a sad twist too, because he seems to have spent the last week of his life on the run under the idea that he had some hope. He had hope that maybe just, maybe he could yeah. Get outta this by buying that contract back and maybe this would all go away. But it does seem that he did have a contract out in his life for real, that it was because he was informing on the mafia to the feds, the Treasury Department specifically.


So that does seem to have been true. And then that journalist for Unsolved Mysteries, Don Devereaux, he posits, and this makes a lot of sense, that the Hitman did get in touch with Chuck Morgan and said, I'm, I'm afraid to tell you this, but I'm coming to kill you. But you can get out of this If you buy the contract. So you pay me what the, the mob's paying me to kill you. You pay me to not kill you. And we'll just call it even. And not only was that a way for the scumbag of a killer to make double the amount on the contract by basically duping Charles Morgan into thinking he could buy his way out of it. It also was a great excuse to get him to an isolated spot to hand over the money as it were, but really to murder him out there in the desert.


Like that's, If you look at it like that, this guy was so in over his head and he was trying so hard to save himself. It's so sad. This this just for some reason this one really gets me. I don't know if it's 'cause it was recent enough or what, but there's, there's just a lot to it that really makes me sad for him and his family. Yeah. And also like, I feel so bad that, that he had that hope that, that he thought like, oh, wait a minute, so you'll you'll betray the mafia if I just buy you out of this thing. Right? Like, I was like, yeah, totally. That's no big deal. Right. And, and that he actually believed that, I mean, what a what a awful weight to die desperate and also hopeful at the same time.


Agreed. There's some other weird stuff to this case. So I would suggest that anybody who is interested go, go check it out. You can read a lot about it. And in the meantime, RIP, Chuck Morgan and Short Stuff is that Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.