
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk, thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us.


Hey, welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And this is Short Stuff. The Mysteries of Genetic Mutations edition. That's right, because we're gonna talk about the X-Men. Yeah. A mut, a mutation. I mean, I don't know if it would help you join X-Men, but there are mutations that alter people sometimes in positive ways. We usually associate it with negative stuff like a, a congenital disease or something. A lot of 'em are neutral. I think actually the vast majority are neutral. They don't really have any noticeable effect. Some are beneficial. Lactose intolerance, immunity to malaria when someone's vestigial tail turns into a glorious full tail.


Those are all beneficial Genetic Mutations, but all of them share something in common. And that is that the, the re replication of the person's genome had some sort of error while it was being copied. Is lactose intolerance a beneficial Mutation? No. Lactose tolerance. I think you, I thought you said intolerance. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. So lactose intolerance is apparently the, the, the base line, the default lactose tolerance is from a genetic mutation. All right, well, let's get into this. Let's talk about DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid, as we all like to call it such a great word around the campfire.


That's a molecule that's gonna carry genetic material. I almost said mutation. When you're developing as a, as a future human. And structurally, I think we, we've all seen the, if you've seen Jurassic Park, you've seen what these double, this double helix looks like. It's a long molecule comprised of nucleotides. And they're, and you know, there's two strands to that coil that formed the double helix that kind of wind around each other. And that's, that's what the DNA, the full DNA, what would you call it? Just molecule looks like the, The genome. Yeah, the molecule. DNA is a molecule.


Yeah. And you said it, man, it is long. Apparently If you stretched it out, it would be about two meters or six feet tall. Yeah. If you could figure out how to stretch it out, it's amazing. And it's made of 3.1 billion base pairs of nucleotides, thymine, cytosine, guanine and adenine. And adenine goes with thymine and cytosine goes with guanine. And you put all that together just with those combinations. You have a, a galaxy of different code that's embedded into the DNA that serves as how, like it tells the rest of your body, each cell, what it's supposed to do and how to do it.


And usually that has to do with expressing proteins. Yeah. And you know, like you mentioned as these cells divide and the DNA is making copies of itself, there might be errors here and there, and that's where those mutations come from and the egg, and if they're in the egg and sperm cells, that those are gonna be passed on to the next generation. So that's a genetic mutation that's gonna carry on and cause disease or genetic disorders. You can also have what's called a somatic mutation. And that only affects you, it's not inherited by your future kids. Right, exactly. So really the big problem is genes like a gene not being replicated correctly. And a gene is just a stretch of nucleotide base pairs along your genome.


That's, that together shows how to encode a protein. It's the instructions to how to do a specific thing. And again, it's just a, a segment along your, your DNA and when that stuff gets copied, if there's any kind of error, like say you match up a, an adenine to a cytosine, it, it's going to prevent that, that that cellular process, that, that whatever the gene is telling the cell to do, to not be able to be performed correctly, hence a mutation. Yeah. And our cells are constantly copying themselves that either replacing old cells or damaged cells. And when that happens, when they're doing that copy, that double stranded DNA is gonna split into the two parts and each strand is copied on its own and then they come back together.


And when that happens, there can be errors. The good news is it's approximately one in every 100 million replications this happens. So that's a, you know, that's a pretty good statistic to, to have in your hip pocket. The other good news is DNA knows what it's doing. So it generally knows when an error happens and they try to, and often can repair and correct that before any problems arise. Yes. I think that's a pretty good place to take a break, Chuck. So let's take a break, Chuck. Let's do it.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course, string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you want to have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home,


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet-friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space, whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Okay. So there's basically two ways that you can, that a genetic mutation can develop the cell replication, which we've talked a lot about, and then environmental influences. And there's actually different ways it can happen even during cell replication. There's to meric shifts, which is where the nucleotide itself undergoes a, a quick chemical reaction to where suddenly adenine turns into, I don't know, silver just for a second and then it eventually turns back. But if that, if that adine nucleotide is being copied at that moment, you're gonna have a silver nucleotide in your DNA.


Yeah. And silver just don't work when it comes to making proteins. Yeah. So that's sort of due to bad timing. Another thing that can happen as far as those errors go is it's called mis pairing. And was this a How Stuff Works article? Yes, it was. Yeah. They, they did a pretty good job of putting this in terms we could understand. If you imagine those 2D NA strands that work together are zipped together like a zipper, sometimes that zipper doesn't align and your Penis gets stuck in it. Oh my God. And that, that can happen when the DNA is getting zipped back up and that can cause part parts of it to be skipped over or maybe something added that shouldn't be. Right. And then the third way that a mutation can happen during replication is what's called jumping genes.


Cousins of jumping jacks. And that is where, so these genes are normally, I don't understand this fully, but genes which again are just stretches of code on your DNA can actually move. They can change positions, they can change places. Sometimes they replicate themselves. And, and the, the replicant goes and embeds itself in another segment of your DNA. And if it does so in a gene, another gene, then it's going to mess up that gene's ability to per, to perform its function. Did not know that that was a thing. Did not either, had never heard of jumping jeans. I've heard of jumping beans and jumping jacks, but never jumping gene. Very nice. So that's the, the ways that can happen as far as like an error occurring in your body.


Right. On a cellular level that you mentioned, external factors, one of the big ones, and I didn't know to this extent even is, is radiation. And you might be thinking like, yeah, so you, you just don't get x-rayed when you're pregnant. Like that solves everything. Right. That's not necessarily the case because UV radiation can be a very big cause of mutations, specifically when it's called like a sunburn on your DNA. If you're have too much UV radiation, you can, they can form something called, how would you say that? I'm gonna say perine dimers.


Perine dimers. And I especially, I was like, is that a misprint? Is it supposed to be dimers and Nope. No, it's dimers and especially thymine dimers that can distort that DNA structure. And that's sort of like a sunburn on the DNA and that happens when a couple of DNA building blocks are stuck together. Right. And that's oftentimes caused from, you know, sun exposure. Yeah. There's also chemical factors too, which are basically biological or environmental factors. Essentially what it is, is there's different kinds of chemicals that can make their way into the DNA and the nucleus of a cell and just mess with it.


Sometimes they mimic nucleotides and they get pulled in like, like a, just some guy walking down the street getting pulled into the Jimmy Fallon late night show because they couldn't get enough people to fill seats. That can happen during DNA reproduction replication. And when that, that nucleotide that didn't mean to be there, gets entered into the, the, the new code of DNA, it again, problems arise. That's a mutation. The problems arise when they have to sit there and watch Jimmy Fallon. That's right. Oh man. Oh boy, I'm gonna hear it. There are also bi biological factors like a virus can cause that can get in the DNA.


Yeah. And that can lead to mutations. And then there's some other environmental stuff as well, right? Yeah. De animating agents, they actually remove parts of our DNA substances like stuff found in cigarettes. Smoke can stick to DNA. Yeah. Like so much tar and change the shape of the DNA. Essentially you don't want anything going anywhere near your DNA. And if there's something that happens and it happens on an important gene that that mutation's going to produce some sort of problems down the line. But our body is actually really, really good at either preventing these errors or correcting them when it finds them, which is just mind boggling to me.


Yeah. It, it's super cool that our body can do this. Sometimes it's like a, it's called a direct fix. And these are, these are just small little errors. Like they likened it to a, a road crack and they also likened it to just a quick patch on that road. The cell just directly fixes it super quick. Like Yeah. And we should say the cell, the, the, the, yeah. The cell that's transcribing the DNA is aware of it because there are different, different molecules that proofread the, the newly created DNA to make sure it matches the original. That's amazing. Yeah, It is. So if they find a mismatch, if they find just some stretch, it could be big, small, whatever, they'll actually cut it out excision, they'll digest it and then they'll reproduce the correct version of it and, and then connect it to that part that they cut out of the DNA.


Yeah. And then zip it together. And if it's, if a whole section of DNA gets gets damaged, they can go to other, another DNA strand and say, Hey, I'm glad you're here 'cause we're gonna use you now to come fix this other strand. Yeah. Thank God you're here. They were about to pull us into Jimmy Fallon and we needed something to do. That's a off said thing in my house. Thank God I was here because I know we mentioned War of the Roses, the movie, how it holds up. That's one of the great lines from War of the Roses when they are separated. But Michael Douglas is still in the house and the Christmas tree catches fire and he runs downstairs and puts it out and screams, thank God I was here.


And I say that a lot and it's just, whenever anything dumb happens that I saw for the family, I go, thank God I was here. That's great. That's a great thing, man. Chuck. Everybody loves Chuck for reasons like that. Not everybody just like Raymond, All those people can go soak their heads. Oh, okay. Thank You. Well, since I think we're out of stuff to talk about, Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.