
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member. FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, there's Chuck, and we're sitting in for Jerry, who usually sits in for Dave. So yeah, let's go. Let's go. This is, well, it's a follow up to our Doomsday Clock episode, but it turns out we didn't do a Doomsday Clock episode. I know we've talked about this. So it might have been in one of, when we were doing videos years ago. I think it was probably in one of those. But I know for a fact the only reason I would've known about this is because of this job and, and you That makes me feel good that I wasn't completely unaware that we had done an episode on doomsday clocks. Yeah. Or the Doomsday Clock. It popped up in someplace, but what's the Doomsday Clock, Josh?


So the Doomsday Clock is a metaphorical clock that is operated or overseen by the Bulletin Atomic Scientists, which was a group of scientists who had worked on the Manhattan Project. They got together and they said, we need to create a group that is going to basically keep an eye on this nuclear proliferation that's starting up. And one of the things they did in 1947 was create the doomsday clock. And it essentially is this, I guess it's a graphic representation of how close humanity is to self-inflicted disaster like a nuclear war. Perfect nuclear war.


Perfectly said thanks, elegantly said. Did I say Thank you? Yeah. So like you said, been around since 1947. They set the time every year. It's sort of a thing where they say like, all right, the time for this year is gonna be this. Would they move it forward if something really went down within a year? I think they do it every year. So like in January they said it and if like four months later, like the S goes down, they wouldn't be like, they'd be like, no, gotta wait till next year. Well, I think two things would happen. Either it would be something that they would take into account the next year. Yes. Or the world would end and they wouldn't have anything to do anyway. Okay.


But again, we're talking about it this year because there was a, and you know, we'll talk about a little bit how it's fluctuated over the years, but the reason we bring it up is because this year, January 28th, 2025 is when they moved the second hand on the clock forward to 89 seconds to midnight. Yeah. Which means it's the closest that clock has ever been to midnight since they started. Yeah. Since they started, or when they started in 1947 when the US and Russia were starting the Cold War, creating nukes, testing, nukes out in the open underground in space. There was seven minutes to midnight. We're now less than two minutes away from midnight because stuff is just so close to hitting the fan.


And we should say that they've actually moved the clock backward. They've moved the secondhand backwards further away from midnight in the past. And the furthest away it was from midnight was 1991 after the Soviet Union Union dissolved. It was all the way back from 17 minutes to midnight, which is no worries. I think, I think that's called Tiki time. Yeah. It's like bust out the rum everybody. Exactly. We're all good. We Had 17 minutes. Yeah. The closest pre this time in 2025 was in 1953. It was two minutes before midnight. So we are 89 seconds till midnight. And the closest previous was two minutes.


So that's, you know, it's pretty drastic. And, and again, you know, I, I guess we can go ahead and mention one of the criticisms of this is that it's, it's something that just gens up some, the critics will say it's something that just ends up paranoia in people and like pushes the panic button and what is it even doing? But what is doing, I I, I think it's a valuable thing 'cause it just raises awareness every year with people. It's just another thing to kind of say, Hey, like we're not headed in the right direction as humanity goes. Yeah. So the first editor of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists was Eugene Rabinowitz. And Eugene Rabinowitz said that the purpose of the Doomsday Clock is to quote frighten men into rationality.


Yeah. And to basically say like, Hey, you know, this, this is, we're, this stuff's outta control people, you need to be paying attention to these things. 'cause they don't just say, we're 89 seconds from midnight, see you next year. They explain what the, what the reasoning is for moving or even not moving or moving back. Yeah. To secondhand. And this year being 89 seconds, the closest we've ever been, they had a whole crop of issues that go well beyond the nuclear risk. That was originally the, the clock was originally designed to track. And I say we take a break and we come back and talk about why we're so close to midnight right now, according to the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists,


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to Strawberry, do me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Alright. Every right everyone, we're back. We are 80 seconds to midnight, not 10 minutes to midnight like Charles Brunson was and that great. The movie, What was it called? 10 Minutes to Midnight? Yeah. You didn't see that one? No, No. You should check that out. It's got a couple of choice scenes. It's about a creepy serial killer that he's, he's chasing. Oh, Bronson's not the creepy serial killer. He's being chased by a creepy dude. Charles Bronson is always the guy on the hunt for the bad guy. Have you ever seen Death Wish three where like the group of punks is taken over the neighborhood? Yeah. All the Death Wish movies. I mean, the first one was genuinely pretty good, but they got really sort of over the top after a while.


Yeah, It was good though. It's good you got the Death Witch Powell. This is my favorite impression to Do, by the way. I can't wait till you get your Morgan Freeman down. Oh no, I don't think so. Alright, so how do we get 80, 89 seconds to midnight? This comes direct from the bulletin website. Some, we can kind of summarize a few of these. I'm just gonna read outright because it's so like, sort of expertly put. But the first thing is the ongoing war in Ukraine and the, and not just that, but the nuclear risk they're in involved in the third year of that conflict that, you know, hopefully it doesn't go that way. It, it, maybe things are wrapping up, but at the peak of this thing, like any weird bad decision could have led to something like that happening.


Yeah. Same with the Middle East right now. The, the, that can spiral out of control and suck in nuclear powers against one another. That's a nuclear risk for sure. And then we're back to increasing the size of our nuclear arsenals, which is a reverse of what we were doing in the eighties and nineties. Yeah. Where we were getting rid of them. That's not a good sign. And then one other thing too, and this is definitely new countries that hadn't had nukes before, were basically like, well, we're never gonna have nukes because that's just not the way things are. It's changed geopolitically and now countries are starting to think about developing their own nuclear programs where If you have more countries with more nukes, you have that much more risk.


Yeah, for sure. Climate change is the next thing they have listed. And you know, this one kind of speaks for itself. We don't need to beat a dead horse, but their, their take basically is that global greenhouse gas emissions are still rising. No one is doing enough to combat this. This is bringing on extreme weather and climate changed events and or climate change influence events and it's affecting people all over the world. And even if we're growing things like solar and wind, it's just not fast enough and not nearly enough to, to make a dent in the damage that's being done. Right. Also, there's the biological arena as they put it.


Oh boy, this one is very scary. That's The most mucusy arena. Yeah. But obviously coming out of, of Covid and with Avian the avian flu now expanding, you know, to farm animals, to dairy products, human cases, all this stuff is, is very scary. And and the point of this episode isn't to scare the crud out of everybody. No. But it's hard to read the stuff and not get the cred scared out of you sometimes. Yeah. Also, don't leave AI on the sidelines in their disruptive technology part. They were like, like, yes, ai, they didn't get into the existential threat that AI itself pose.


They more looked at it like, Hey, some militaries are starting to incorporate AI in their like battlefield decision making. Like we're a step away from AI deciding whether to kill or not kill, and then eventually giving AI control over our nuclear arsenals. And that's not a direction we wanna be going. And then the whole thing, this is the reason why all these things that have been around for a while, or have been developing for a while have been accelerated to 89 seconds from midnight because of the threat multiplier of misinformation and disinformation and conspiracy theories. Yeah. And this is the one I wanted to read a, a, a part or two from this because it just kind of speaks volumes of things.


They really, they really put it very succinctly spread of misinformation, disinformation and conspiracy theories that degrade the communication ecosystem increasingly blur the lines between truth and falsehood. And then they talk about AI making it even, you know, we've talked about deep fake video and stuff like that, like making all that stuff just so much easier. And then this final line is really, really good. The battered information landscape is also producing leaders who discount science and endeavor to suppress free, free speech and human rights compromising the fact-based public discussions that are required to combat the enormous threats facing the world. So like all of the problems that we've been listing are bad enough.


And then when you've got disinformation and conspiracy theories and misinformation thrown on top of that and AI exacerbating all that, that's when it's like they're, they're moving that clock as close to midnight as they've ever been. Yeah. And the reason why is because people would be under that circumstance. They're being led away from paying attention to the stuff that Doomsday Clock is, is warring against. And that just makes it that much riskier too, because we have to be paying attention to it, whether you like it or not. For some reason, when I was researching this today, I was like, this is striking me as a little ridiculous. And I like, I get the point of it and I think it is noble and worthy, but there's also some like real, I don't know, real criticisms of it.


And I found one piece by a guy named Steven Johnson on Life Hacker, and he interviewed Lawrence Kraus, who's a physicist and a member of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, sorry, the New Republic interviewed Kraus. And he said, it's not scientific. It's a number that's arrived at by a group of people. Right. Exploring each of the questions and having a huge amount of discussion and ultimately convergence on a number. That number is frankly arbitrary. And that's true. The, you have to remember, it's a metaphor. There's no way to measure it. Right, exactly. If we're 89 seconds from midnight right now, how much longer is the world going to last? Yeah. And the big problem with it, I think is National Geographic put it, if everything's a crisis, nothing's a crisis.


So before the whole thing was created to say this one thing, nuclear per proliferation, this is what we're warning about. Now you've got climate change, ai, avian, flu, disinformation. It's just like being piled on. And I think it's, it's really diluted the the point in the pointedness of the whole thing. Yeah, maybe. But that's also the world we're living in right now. Yeah. But it makes it so easy to just be like, oh, well I give up. I'm gonna just go pay attention to, I don't know, flowers versus zombies. Do people play that still? I didn't know that was a thing. I think it was at some point, unless I had a fever dream.


Well, you didn't have a fever Dream one thing. Whether or not you agree with the doomsday clock or not. One thing we can, I can recommend because you're too humble too, is a little limited podcast series called The End of the World with Josh Clark. That way you can really learn something and take a deep dive into real existential threats that face humanity. Thanks, Chuck. I appreciate that. Holds up still. Great. I imagine I haven't gone back and listen to it again. I bet it still holds up though. Yeah. Well, because one of the number one rules in show business is leave them wanting more. I say Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.