
This is an iHeartPodcasts horsepower, zero to 60 times. These are among the benchmarks when considering a new vehicle. But Lexus believes there are some things, immeasurable, things that matter more awe, exhilaration, joy, how a cabin feels like it was crafted with you in mind. The way an engine note resonates with your soul. Because a car that doesn't make you feel something is a car that stops short of amazing. That's the standard of amazing Lexus experience. Amazing.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Setting the tempo. And this is Stuff You Should Know, Short Stuff. That's right. Like I guess you could have said there's Mm, and I'm Mm. And there's Mm. I wish I had. Now maybe we should retake the whole thing. Nah, far now A dumb joke because what we're talking about is naming and specifically sort of like the, the rules and laws about naming somebody and having a name. And If you need a name legally, This is so in our wheelhouse, man. We've been talking about this stuff since basically day one of Stuff You Should Know. Yeah. This seemed familiar enough to where I thought we might have done it.


No, we haven't done this particularly, but we've talked about, I think in some of like our videos maybe about people who gave their kids weird names. Like Yeah, I will never forget. Yeah. Detroit. Oh yeah, you remember? I forgot About that. Yeah. But we're, we're talking about today is, Which was a name by the way. Yes. Somebody tried to name their kid. Yeah, Detroit. Right. One word. And there might have been an exclamation point. I don't remember. You gotta Have One. The best name or at least attempted name I've ever heard. Yeah. Or maybe an interbank. Yeah. Yeah. So we're talking about something a little more specific today though. We're talking about can you live without a name? Is it, is it something you could possibly do? And the short answer is no.


The bigger answer is even more interesting than just being told no. Yeah. I mean, it's not illegal to not have a name, but try getting through life without a name. It's gonna be a big pain. So like getting a We dare you. Yeah. Get a, getting a job, getting a driver's license. Just almost anything that you do these days might require some form of identification. And If you don't have a name, it's gonna make it challenging. Yeah. I mean like, you just could not make it through life, at least in the United States and most other countries, probably just about any country because you just, you like, no one can say you are you. That's how we u that's how we do it. That's the first way we do it, is with a name.


I think when you're named, even before you're named, even before you get your social security number, your, you have your name. That's how you're identified. That's how they keep up with you who's who at the hospital even. Yeah. You can change your name and you know, depending on your state, there's different ways you can go about that. You can, you can just start using a different name and, and even without making it like the, the official legal way, like on formal documents E even, it only changed her spelling of her name and was, it was just unofficial for many, many years until she finally had it officially changed, which is interesting. Nice. Yeah, she went from Y to ie. I, I always loved the IE on the end of her name. I thought that was a nice touch.


Yeah. I didn't realize it was her own choosing. So man, It was like a teenager thing. She Keeps getting better and better, you know? I Think so too. Well she's in her fifties, So there are some rules I should say. Not everybody has rules. Usually in the United States, at least the laws about what you can or can't name your kid are, it's by the states. And there's at least a dozen states that don't have any laws. They're basically like, you can name your kid whatever you want. Hmm. Okay. But plenty of other states do have laws. One of the big ones that you'll find, not just among the states that have laws about what you can name your kid, but also internationally, is that you can't name your kid a number, although you there is a workaround.


You could spell out that number. Yeah. So you can't do the number three, but you could name your kid. T-H-R-E-E. Right. Or you could name your kid Plan nine, but you'd have to spell out nine. Yes. Would you do it all? One word or two words? Plan nine Bryant. I think that'd be pretty fun as one word. That's a, that's a great name, man. Yeah, that what else? You can't use vulgar words. Yeah, Makes Sense. Can't be. Can't be Jesus Christ or what? Adolf Hitler's on the list too, right? Yep. Same with Santa Claus in some places. Yeah. Nutella is another one. Nutella, yeah. That's funny. Is it Nutella? I always say Nutella.


I've always said Nutella, but is it probably is Nutella. I don't know who's to say who's right in this topsy-turvy world, Any kind of racial slur you can't use or if it's a name like intentionally used to like commit fraud, like to get out of a debt or something like that. You can't change your name for that reason. But I mean, would you be dumb enough to go and change your name and tell like the, probably not the people at the vital records, like, yeah, I'm doing this because I owe a A law of money. Yeah. Emojis are out pretty much across the board. Oh Good. And that's the United States and you're like, well it's kind of strict. If you do think that that's kind of strict, but around the world it can be even stricter.


Like there like Portugal is very strict. Not only do they have some serious naming laws, there's a list of approved names that you have to select from. I think Iceland and Denmark also have similar lists and in Portugal it has to be what they consider gender appropriate. Oh, interesting. Still. Yes. And they will kick your door down If you try anything different. Wow. Yeah. Portugal's hardcore about naming. Maybe we should take a break and we'll talk a little bit more about naming that baby. Right.


For this, There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, everybody Summer's here and we're all chasing something. A break, a goal, a vibe or whatever it is. Let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course, because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running Bombas, running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool and they fight blisters. It's such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear. That feels barely There. Yeah. And I know we're both fans, so those no CM socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/ SY sk and use code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/syk code SY sk at checkout.


Alright. So in the United States, when a birth happens, the parents are legally obligated at some point in time to register that birth with a government entity, vital Records department or Department of Health and Human Services, something like that. And every country has a version of something like that. And on that form you gotta fill out the name, but it depends on what state you're in as far as like how long you have to decide that it does. You don't have to name your baby before you leave the hospital. No, that's a pretty, a pretty common misconception. Yeah. At least according to Kristen Conger, who hats off wrote this one originally from her support. Yeah. Former colleague, Kristen Conger and host and founder of UN Lady.


Like a great podcast. That's right. So Conker points something out that I thought was pretty smart that If you do leave the hospital and your baby unnamed, because that's gotta be a lot of pressure. Yeah. If you don't have it done beforehand, you don't want to just be thinking of it like right after you give birth. Yeah. Oh yes, exactly. Especially If you weren't aware you're pregnant and this was a surprise birth, you need a little time. Right? Yeah. The hospital's still going to be like, we need to be able to, to keep up with that baby so that baby goes home with you. Right. So they might name it something like Baby Girl Smith, if your name is Jane Smith. But there was a study that was conducted probably the, the most obvious study I've ever heard that was like, If you actually use something a little more specific, like say this is Jane Smith's daughter, you would name it Jane's Girl Smith.


Yeah. You're probably gonna have fewer mix ups at the hospital, which is just alarming that anybody even needs to study that because that even happens. Yeah, for sure. If you do wait and you haven't decided in the hospital, and then you decide like let's say the state you live in let's you like wait a few months or whatever. It depends on that state again, on the procedure for adding that in. Like in California is the one Kristen mentions, you have to fill out a supplemental name report with the health department and fill that in and say, all right, now we have our baby's name. And they're like, great. Now you can get your birth certificate. Yeah. You are like, what do you think? Do you think it's a good name? It's a pretty good name, huh? Pretty good name. And I think you have a year in California. So again, it varies.


Yes. I did not realize this, but the United Nations has a pretty stern stance on kids' names. In particular in the convention on the rights of a child. They said that all children have a right from birth to a name. There's a asterisk next to that. They said If you ever find yourself in a highly stressful bird box type situation, you can just name your kid, boy or girl. But other than that, that kid deserves a name. I didn't see that. But that was the Sandra Bullock thing that it's Excellent. I've seen it twice. Caught Now the storm and during COVID, right? Yes. It's really good. Okay. I haven't seen it. You should check it out.


All Right, I'll dust that one off. Yes. So Chuck, let's move on to a little extra, what we'd call a Lan. Yap. If we wanted to sound really obnoxious. Middle names. Yeah, middle names haven't always been a thing. I think the, the modern idea of a middle name started in the Middle Ages it seems like, but it was pretty specific back then. They would just give the first name on, you know, whatever they, they wanted to personalize it, but then the middle name would be a Saint's name and then a surname. But then that eventually fell out of favor over time to where non-religious middle names became a thing. Yeah. A lot of times it was the mother's maiden name.


Yeah. Her family name could just be like, the parents were like, I really like McGillicutty. So that's your middle name. Yeah. And it just kind of picked up by, I think World War I was the first time where the US government at least officially recognized the existence of middle names when the enlistment forms for the military asked for a middle name. Yeah. And, and within, I don't know, a couple of decades, a handful of decades as computers started to be used for documentation of, of individuals like tracking people, big brother type stuff. They were programmed for three names, first, middle, last.


And what would happen, Chuck, If you did not have a middle name, If you don't enter that, they would insert NMI. No middle initial because not everyone has a middle name and some people have many. I know that my friend Justin from England, he is one. Justin, he has 3, 2, 2 middle names. So is he A baring or something? Three names than a surname? No, it's just, I think it's more common in the UK to do something like that. So he's Justin Neil, Alexander Stewart. So two middle names, one first name and his surname Very nice. And his social security number is, You got anything else?


I got nothing else. I don't either. I guess. I mean, Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.