
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity. Hi, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh, there's Chuck Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave and the three of us are on the run to the Canadian Arctic.


Recreating the story of the Mad Trapper and it's not going very well for us. That's right. The Mad Trapper of Rat River. AKA, perhaps I don't even know about. Perhaps almost certainly Canada's most infamous unknown person on the lamb and the largest manhunt in Canada's history conducted to try and get this guy. Yeah, this is, I saw referred to as like an iconic Canadian story. This guy just tore s up in 1931, made international headlines and died.


It still to this day, no one knows who he is and not one of those things where like, we're pretty sure it's this guy, we just can't prove it. They have no idea who this guy is. They're starting to kind of chew around the edges of it, but the fact that he is still unidentified just makes it that much more interesting. But even If you were identified, Chuck, his story is still just totally fascinating on its own. Yeah, it's not like Summerton man because that was the most interesting thing about that was the mystery of who he was. It it wouldn't care. It wouldn't matter if this guy was indeed Albert Johnson who was his alias. It's a remarkable story that started in July, 1931 when this guy I, Albert Johnson came and moved there.


They think he may have come from Sweden, according to, you know, certain people who talk to him here and there. But he was a man of very few words as we'll. See when he arrived in the vast remote area of the Northwest Territories near Fort McPherson and built a little eight by 10 foot cabin near the Rat River. Yeah. And we're talking like the northern most parts of Canada, like basically along the Arctic Ocean In the thirties. He, yeah, he was essentially living where the guys from the terror and the Abus that we talked about, right. Were trying to get to when they were like on their march down toward Canada. They, they had, they done this in 1931, they might've run into Albert Johnson.


He was that far up. Right. So this is a really, really rugged, wild, dangerous place to live. And like you said, he arrived in July and a few months after that, I think in November or December of 1931 December, okay, December of 1931, a couple of trappers from the First Nations who lived up there got in touch with one of the local police and said, Hey, there's this guy, his name's Albert Johnson and he's messing with our trap lines and he's not supposed to do that. So can you go tell him to stop doing that? And three days later a couple of cops just knocked on Johnson's cabin door, assuming that they were just gonna talk to him and tell 'em to stop doing that. And that would be that, right?


Yeah. I mean these are the Mounties, so these guys are not messing around. The story's a little confusing 'cause everywhere you look it's a little different. But from what I gathered, there were three total visits. One visit when he basically said, get the heck outta here. And pointed a gun at them. A second visit when two guys came back and this time he supposedly refused to talk at all. And when they went to look through his windows, he just covered his windows up and ignored them. And then he pulled Down the blind and went mash her, I guess four total. Because the third one was when those two guys plus two more, I think it was Alfred King and Joe Bernard, and two more guys came back with warrants, forced the door over, and he shot King in a brief firefight ensued.


And then finally the fourth visit when they brought a bunch of guys with dynamite and camped out for three days outside his cabin. Yeah, They threw dynamite on his roof to flush him out. And it certainly blew up the roof as expected. It also took down some of the walls of the cabin. And amazingly, Albert Johnson survived. And even more amazingly, he still refused to come out and engaged in a gunfight with this posse that the, the Mounties had assembled to go take this guy out because like, like he shot at an officer who just wanted to tell him to stop messing with trap lines like shot and tried to kill him. Right. So this guy was already a big deal by this time.


And he managed to hold off this posse from taking him alive. They actually had to get outta there 'cause they were running low on food and the weather was terrible. This is, yeah, this is December in the northern most reaches of Canada along the Arctic. Now the time you wanna be outside, apparently the temperature was at negative 45 and this guy's holding these guys down in a gunfight and then they leave and four days later they come back and now they find that this destroyed cabin is now empty. He's fled and a blizzard has covered up his tracks. Yeah, I saw that. It was like a 60 mile hike just to get to his place. Said the fact that they came back four times when this guy probably could have opened the door the first time and said, all right, I won't mess with your traps anymore.


And that probably would've been the end of it. But yeah, he, he managed to evade them on this manhunt by stepping in caribou tracks and from these storms that would come through. And maybe that's a good time for a break. Yes. Alright, we'll be right back.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing, every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


So I don't think we've said yet this, this, now there's a manhunt underway. This guy who they wanna take in for shooting at Cops is on the run in the Canadian wilderness. And this manhunt lasted seven weeks. Yeah. From December to mid-February. This guy kept evading them. They'd catch up to em, he'd, he'd shoot at 'em. They'd have a firefight. One time he killed a cop, Constable Millen, who was like a member of this posse that was hunting him down and he would manage to fend them off every time they caught him in a firefight. And one of the other interesting facts about this, Chuck, is this is the first time a aircraft was ever used in a manhunt as far as anyone knows.


That's right. They got a pretty legendary WW one Canadian fighter pilot named, named Wilfred Wilfred Wap May to come in little side note here. Wap May was in the dog fight that ended the Red Baron's life. So a very sort of famous Canadian fighter pilot flying above for the first time, seeing if they could, seeing if he could just spot trails from above. Yeah. I saw a photo that he took from his aircraft of like, this hu like he was really high up and there's a little tiny speck in the middle of a frozen river and it's identified as Albert Johnson.


Oh wow. And then there's like three more tiny specks coming out of the wood line chasing after Johnson and Wame got a picture of it. And it's just, when you understand what you're looking at, it's just astounding what these guys were running through. Oh, that's cool. Over the course of seven weeks. It's nuts. Yeah, that's amazing. And so people heard about this thanks to the radio, which was still a pretty new invention, but this story that was kind of playing out over the news in real time actually helped sell a bunch of new radios 'cause people didn't wanna miss out. Yeah. Supposedly this is one of the really first big news stories to be broken via electronic media. So you've got your first search and rescue, or I guess not search and rescue, search and destroy Sure.


Mission featuring a a plane. You've got the first big news stories breaking on radio for the first time. One of the weird parts of this case, I said he was a man of few words is as the story goes, this guy didn't say a word the whole time. Like there was never like, you know, it's my right to be here, you know, get away. I'm just trying to live like supposedly this guy said nothing to any of them. That is so unsettling and it just, it is totally, it's another thing that just kind of adds to his legend too. Yeah, for sure. So yeah, people by this time, this was during the depression and a lot of the public that was following the story were actually rooting for him.


Yeah. 'cause remember this was a time when the, the public rooted for like bank robbers and Yeah, yeah. And other criminals and outlaws because the, the establishment had basically screwed everything up and taken advantage of every, everybody. So there were people who were pulling for him. And even If you weren't pulling for him, it was just astounding what this guy was doing with just some, I think he had a rifle and a shotgun. He had his clothes and he was like out maneuvering and surviving against this posse that was on his trail. And I also saw Chuck that one of the unsung or overlooked groups that was part of this posse where some of the first nation members who helped track him that this, this posse probably would've lost his trail in the first few days had it not been for the trackers that came with them.


Yeah. I think the luau people were the ones who initially filed the complaint. Didn't, did you see which tribes helped out in the search? I didn't. I just saw that one of the members last name was Rat, so I'm guessing he was named after the Rat River. After the Rat River Rats. His family was, yeah, exactly. So another part of the kind of a fun fact of this story is, or at least part of the lore, is that at one point they had him pinned in a steep canyon and he supposedly scaled a near vertical wall of ice basically to get outta there. Yeah. So at this point they're like, this guy is not human. Yeah.


And again, another First Nations member comes through, I think somebody came back and mentioned that they heard a rifle shot in this like totally desolate area and the, the Royal Canadian Mounty Posse were like, well, they can only be Albert Johnson. And they headed that way and they found his trail and they started chasing him and they engaged in one last firefight with him. And this one, Albert Johnson didn't come out of alive. That's right. They got him finally after this long, long manhunt, a very successful evasion for a long time. But yeah, they eventually got him no one, I mean, part of the, you know, the, the second part of this is just the mystery.


Like not only who was he literally, but like who was this guy to move way out there to not, you know, they supposedly back, you know, closer to town even though I'm sure that was super small as well. It was like a very friendly place and he was known as a loner and very unfriendly, which was not the norm. And like who was this guy who just moved out to the middle of nowhere and like didn't speak a word this entire time. Right. Yeah. So why, why would he do this? Yeah. Yeah. Which is just deepens the mystery further. By the way, one other thing, it was Charlie Rat who was the guy that helped the Mounties find. Oh, nice. Albert Johnson. What a name.


So they had a picture of him. There's a very, well, I guess famous If you Canadian picture of his dead body on like a, a morgue slab. Boy Wouldn't mess with the guy. No. He looks rough and tough for sure. He does. He like you could, you could not know his story and see that picture of his dead body and be like, oh, bet that guy could survive in the Canadian wilderness for seven weeks with the cops on his trail. Yeah, for sure. I wouldn't want, would want nothing to do with this guy. So they, they took this picture because they wanted to circulate, they, everybody wanted to know who, who this guy was. And it made it in all the papers in Canada and the United States, and no one came forward.


The details of his life and demeanor didn't match anything that anybody knew of. I mean, like people came forward with tips, but none of them were legitimate or panned out. And very quickly this guy just became this anonymous weirdo who did some crazy stuff in the winter of 1931. Yeah. So like you said, they exhumed his body in 2007 once DNA sampling was, you know, a viable thing. And that has enabled some genetic comparisons to possible relatives. They obviously didn't, you know, no one has come forward with a, with a, like a perfect match or anything, but they made comparisons with more than two dozen families and they have some strong circumstantial evidence that what family he may have been from and where they have landed now is they, they're pretty sure that his background is Swedish and he has been linked to multiple descendants of a gentleman named Gustaf Magnusson who died in 1853.


And Bri Brita shin daughter who passed away in 1846. And they, they are pretty sure that he's a descendant of them, but nobody from any of those bloodlines has come forward either. No. And this company called OA genome sequencing company, they have figured out a few other things about him that, that he almost certainly grew up in the Midwestern United States. His autopsy revealed that he had extensive and expensive dental work. Oh. And then he had scoliosis. Yeah. Yeah. So This guy did this for seven weeks, scaled a near vertical face cliff with scoliosis as well.


He was just amazing in, in a really kinda specific way. I think one foot was bigger than the other one too, which Good lord, I thought was a very strange little add-on. Yeah. So, but also if he grew up in the Midwest, like the stuff he was doing, there's not many places to learn that. I mean, I guess if you're from like upper Minnesota or something, but I'm guessing comparing an upper Minnesota winter to an upper Canada winter is like night and day. So they contend he was never like a Swedish resident. They don't necessarily contend that he could have been a transplant from Sweden who was just raised in like a Swedish speaking community. Yeah. So He could have Spoke.


That's what I just wonder. Spoke Swedish. Yeah, about like ice wall climbing and stuff. He could probably do that in Sweden. Oh, I see what you mean. Yeah. Apparently based on his teeth isotopes that he was born, he was raised in or grew up in the Midwest. In the Midwest Midwestern us. Yeah. All right. So maybe one day we'll know, Maybe, I mean, we found out the Summerton man's identity, right? Yeah. But I don't think we ever mentioned it on the episode, on the podcast, did we? Yeah, I think We, we read a listener mail 'cause we got like 10,000 Australians writing us. Oh, okay. Great. Great. Well if it ever comes out, who The Mad Trapper of Rat River was, everybody we wanna know. So we can tell everybody else for sure. Yeah. And in the meantime, Chuck, I think Short Stuff is out.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.