
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Licensed in all 50 states. NMLS Consumer access.org. Number 30 30. Hey, and welcome to Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And we're talking Short Stuff today. We're talking widgets on Short Stuff.


I should say widgets that were first introduced as a concept from a play, right Chuck? Yeah, I mean there was the word. First of all, we need to thank our old buddy Brian Didsbury. Oh, right. The the boom operator on the Stuff You Should Know TV show. So great. Who comes to our live shows, still a friend. He texts me all the time trying to get me to play Red Dead Redemption with him online. He texted me Simpson's quotes. Does he really? Oh, did he text you about this Too? No. Oh, okay. Yeah, he texted me a couple of days ago and he is like, Hey man, how about one on The Guinness Widget? And I was like, done buddy. It's a good idea For sure. It's, and so thanks to guinness.com how stuff works.


Conservable, convertible economist, petroleum service company. Where else? YouTube? Yeah, that's pretty much it. Okay. Anyway, get widgets. Everybody thinks it's basically a spinoff of the word gadget, which is probably true. We don't know the true etymology, but I believe it was in a play in 1924 where they specifically in the play talked about like we're in the widget business. And that may be like the first time that anyone had ever used it like that. But then Guinness came along and said, well you know what? Everyone talks about widgets. It's just a thing. You make a nameless thing you make at any company, we're gonna make a real thing and we're really gonna call it a widget and get it patented as such.


Yeah. And they did. It's this thing that makes canned Guinness much more like Guinness from the tap, which is actually much more like Guinness from a cask because Guinness is its own kind of thing. As a matter of fact. And I say we dig into how Guinness is Guinness. That's right. I think we should prep people that this simple, simple little Short Stuff was a cause of a lot of emails and consternation between us today. Right? Is it simple? I think so. All right. Well I think you should take the lead then. It's Basically a p ping pong ball. Oh yes. The widget is simple. Right? So let's talk about what we're talking about.


If you open a can of, of Guinness and just the can, it's not in the bottle. There's a little plastic sphere with a hole in the bottom that you will hear rattling around the can. If you cut the can open very gently set one aside and then be very careful holding the other one up. 'cause it's a, a sliced can. They're very dangerous. And look inside, you'll see this little plastic sphere that is The Guinness Widget. And there's no one you can play Ping pong with it even. Is it? It's not that big is it? Nah, it looks a little smaller, But you could you though, does it have bounce to it? Mm, I doubt it. 'cause it's not, it's not full of air. Okay. And it, and it's heavier.


I was just making a joke. Okay, I gotcha. Well, I didn't know I could see that being like a thing that the internet figured out. I Bet they've done that in Ireland. And by the way, Guinness calls these officially within the Guinness Company. They call it a smooth the fire. Okay, so everybody else calls it a widget then. Yeah. Okay. So they put this in there and only God themself knows how they work. Well, let's talk a little bit about a guy named Michael Ash. In 1951, Michael Ash joined the Guinness Company. He was a mathematician. He was a master brewer. He was a big believer in science. And he was like, Hey, there's all these beers that are made with carbon dioxide.


And it's that CO2 that is dissolves in the beer that makes it fizzy. When you, when you open it up, when the can is closed, the pressure inside is much higher than the pressure outside. So when you open that thing up, there's a pressure drop and the agitation of pouring it makes that CO2 come bubbling out. And that's where you get your foamy head on a beer. Right? He was like, this Cask Guinness is smooth and creamy and CO2 just doesn't do it. If we're gonna try and put this stuff in pubs and eventually in cans, No. No. So the, If you have a cask, the beer that's put into the cask, it's, it, it ages in the cask.


Like when you deliver it to a pub, it's still doing its thing aging. And once you tap the cask, you have three days to drink it. That's how like unpasteurized and new it is. But the thing is, is when you get the beer out of the cask, you have to actually pump it out and that creates like a totally different pour and finish than if you're pouring it out of a keg. So because the world kind of transitioned from casks to kegs around the, the middle of the 20th century, Michael Ashe was like, well then what can we do to make Guinness more cask like or keep its cask like profile and look and taste and everything. And he figured out that adding nitrogen is what would do that.


That's right. And you know what? I think that's a good little cliffhanger. Okay, so let's take a break and we'll talk about the, the magic inside the Guinness Can and Glass. Right after this,


All you renters out there hear something from Rocket Mortgage, you're going to want to hear. Now Anyone who's ever rented before knows that feeling you get every month, your hard earned cash gone. It's like throwing money away. And even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. Yeah. It can make you feel like you'll never be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing here so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments toward home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. That's right. And if this sounds like something that could make a difference in your life, call 800 the number four rocket. Or visit rocket.com today to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800, the number four Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Hi, This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Alright, so where we left off, Michael Ash had discovered that nitrogen along with, it's not, it doesn't replace the CO2, it's a mixture of the carbon dioxide and nitrogen. Right? But nitrogen isn't absorbed into the beer like carbon dioxide is. So it, it has the same pressure of just a regular beer, but it has a lot less CO2. And so it's not as fizzy, which is not what you want outta a Guinness anyway, because that nitrogen is making up a great deal of that pressure inside the can. Yes. And even though it's harder for nitrogen to dissolve inside beer CO2, it's very easy.


Nitrogen will, some will dissolve and it forms smaller bubbles and more stable bubbles. So when you pour this nitrogen infused Guinness beer, the the, the head will be foamer much creamier than say like a CO2 lager head that eventually kind of settles down and looks like urine in a glass after a while. Especially if you're talking about Coors Banquet beer, this is like a foamy head that because the nitrogen bubbles are more stable, stays around way longer too. So he figured out by adding nitrogen you can basically replicate the look and the feel and the taste of cask poured Guinness like it used to be.


That's right. So the next step was like, how do I make this happen in a can? It seemed like an impossibility until a guy named John Lun, L-U-N-N-A master distiller created the widget, the patent, I believe Guinness eventually filed for the patent in 69 for an improved method of and means of dispensing carbonated liquids from containers. It began as Project Dynamite, but apparently there was a lot of, that was problematic for customs because it said Project Dynamite on all the, you know, paperwork and stuff. Are you serious? And so, Yeah. Yeah. So they changed it to Project Oak Tree, which they changed To Project Dynamite.


Right. They changed it to project nuclear waste. No. Project. Oak Tree I think was a reference to the original Project Acorn from Guinness. So they, they, they wanted to get these cans right. That you can get Guinness in a bottle, but it's not the same beer at all. It's completely different beer. So you like the, you like the canned version better, huh? Oh Yeah. Okay. That's the pub version. I might not be doing it right then 'cause I'm like, what is this crap? Like this is, I would rather just drink the Guinness out of a bottle any day of the week. Ugh. I mean, do you like Guinness in a pub? I don't know that I've ever actually had real Guinness in a pub. Oh, Josh, let's Get, because Supposed to be I'm taking you to England next week.


Okay. That'd be awesome. We're We're, you're like, really? Yeah. That just surprises me. For me, I must not import it correctly because it doesn't make any sense that they would even go to this trouble of putting a widget in it to make worse Guinness than it is in the bottle. So I I just didn't do it. Right. That's my guess. Well, maybe you just don't understand the concept of Guinness. I mean, Guinness is supposed to go down like a, a milk and not a fizzy, carbonated beverage. It's got Right. They, they call it the surge and settle it, it pours in and you just see it gently falling to the bottom and you get this milky foam at the top. It's A cascade. Yeah. And like that's why I could always drink a lot of Guinness.


'cause it didn't, it didn't fill you up and make you super gassy and burpee. Wow. So I've been doing the opposite because drinking a single bottle of Guinness is like eating a whole loaf of bread to me. Yeah. That's, the bottle is completely different. Wow. Okay. So I gotta try this other version because what you're talking about is basically the opposite of the Guinness I'm familiar with. Oh wow. That is that, that's funny. Like I really wanna try it like you've just blown my mind. Yeah. Oh man. Go out and get a four pack and crack the can open and then just dump it in the, the, the glass as hard as you can, just turn it upside down. Okay. And it won't, won't overflow or anything. It'll get to the top and just stop and then start settling.


Well, there's this other thing they have now too that I guess kind of takes the whole thing into a new level. It's called nitro surge And It's, yeah, It's like I saw that You put it on top of a can and it does, it does the pouring like it would from a cask as far as I understand, right there at home or you know, in the parking lot of a convenience store. Yeah, I saw the nitro surge. I don't think they sell 'em here yet, but it's like a, I think it's like a mechanical device. Like does it have a battery in it? Even I'm, I'm not fully sure I stopped looking into It. It looks like it could, When I realized how much further it was taking me away from the widget.


You know what I mean? Oh yeah. I forgot what we were talking about. The widget. Alright, let's get back to the widget. Okay. So the widget is a little plastic ball and I think this is where we got hung up earlier. I don't know If you saw my most recent email. I think it's a matter of semantics because I kept saying that the, and Guinness on their website says it's a nitrogen filled sphere and you're like, it's not filled with nitrogen. I think it's just semantics because they don't literally fill this ball with nitrogen and then drop it in Can. Okay. Some people say they do. It is because it has a hole in it. It's you drop it in there and then fill the can with nitrogen and then that ball fills up with nitrogen and beer. Gotcha.


I gotcha. And it stays in this tiny, it's basically a little mini turbojet. So when you crack that beer, it's a little, a mini ball with higher pressure than the rest within even what's inside the rest of the can. Right. And so when you crack that beer and all that pressure changes just like a regular beer, it comes shooting out of that little tiny hole in the plastic ball and provides this little extra boost of nitrogen, like a little beer jet agitating everything to create even more bubbles. Right. But the specific kind of nitrogen bottles that make Guinness, Guinness, which are smaller and more stable. So you get that foamy creamy head and the cascade and all that. I get it.


Yes. I get it. See, yeah. Alright. You did a great job. I, I think it was the semantical thing, when people say it's filled with nitrogen It is, but as a virtue of the canning process. Right. They don't like fill it up and go like, quick throw it in there. Right. You have to hold it just right. Put your thumb over the hole and then just throw it in and put the top of the can on really quick. Yeah. It's really ingenious though. I mean, it's got this, this tiny little hole. And imagine a little ball filled with like nitrogen infused beer being jetted out of this tiny little hole as you're pouring as you've opened and pouring this beer. It's so simple. It's ingenious and, and so ingenious that in 2004 they did a survey of almost 9,000 people and they voted that The Guinness Widget was a greater invention than the internet.


Right. And they're wrong. But I know, I get the point for sure. I mean, it's something to put on your website. I guess it depends which version of the internet you're talking about. You know, Let me ask you this. Have you ever had any like cream stouts? Yeah. Like Boddingtons or Murphy's or any of those? Yes. Okay. Yeah. But just not the Guinness. Like I just associate a stout with like, like, oh, I just had dinner three hours ago. I can't drink a stout. 'cause I'll I'll throw up. I'll, I'll be too full. No, I, I think that's, to my mind it's a misnomer because stout sounds heavy because it's a big dark beer, but Right.


It's because it's not heavily carbonated like a lager. Like it doesn't fill you up like that. It doesn't make you gassy and burpy. It's like drinking a big thick milk, which may make you feel full. Right? Yes. But it's not from like, gassy full. Okay. We're, we're getting tripped up by semantics again. It to me, yes. The, the big milky thing, if I drank a big glass of milk, I, after I ate, I would probably throw up. So it's the same thing in that sense. But no, it's not making me like, you know, like Coors banquet beer or wood Right. Where I'm a burpee or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. I I it doesn't fill you up in that sense. It like literally fills you up. I got you. Yes. So yeah, I think we're talking about the same thing. Well now I'm worried that I have experienced Guinness like you're supposed to and there's not like a whole world out there for me to try.


Well, you may not like it. I'll try it for sure. I haven't, I mean, I, I don't drink a lot of beer anymore, period. And I went through a big Guinness phase in the nineties starting in college and through New Jersey. And in fact that brings me to another little factoid here. The Guinness uses a floating widget. Yeah. Since 1997. And I was like, oh, that explains it. 'cause in the nineties we cut open the can 'cause we were like, what is that in there? And it was fixed to the bottom of the can. Oh. So it was pre 97. And during covid with supply issues, they fixed it to the bottom of the can then as well. But otherwise it's been a, a floating widget. Wouldn't you have been freaked out when you cut the can open and you found the thing just fixed to the bottom of the can Looking back up at you and blink.


Yeah. Like a Little Irish eyeball. Right. One other thing though, there's a, I noticed on this list, old speckled hen uses widgets too, which I didn't know that used to be one of my fa beers for a while. Yeah. And the Boddingtons Murphy's Beamish. Tetley's. What else? Wexford Bellhaven. And I'm sure we've missed some, but they all use the widget technology to deliver that, that pub, pub drawn flavor to your lips right there at home. Yeah. This episode of Short Stuff brought to you by Coors Banquet Beer. Right. Yeah. I doubt that. You got anything else? I got nothing else.


I'm sure we got some stuff wrong. There's some beer aficionados that are like not quite right guys, Whatever. I think you should say the thing. Okay. Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.