
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and Chuck's here and Jerry sitting in for Dave. And that makes this a Short. Stuff. Do you want to take it from here? Sure. I had this idea because of a story that I'm going to very quickly tell that may make people think I'm a terrible parent, but my daughter the other day was in the bathtub for seven plus hours. What, what? What'd she do? and there she read or play video games or She's always like long baths. She just kicks it and plays with her little action figures.


Awesome. I told her her, her cuckoos and she's always just done voices in little made up worlds and just, sometimes it's music, sometimes it's her favorite podcast story, pirates. But the other day she got in early in the morning. It was a Saturday. She didn't have anything going on and she just stayed and stayed. And then I, I think was playing it up because I kept going in there every hour and saying a new household record and then I would save the time and she just thought it was hysterical. So she came out, I'm gonna text you actually right now, the picture of her hand. Okay. And I've never seen anything like it and it made me think like, you know what? I don't even really know why people's hands and feet prune up Anyway.


And that's where this was born. What a fantastic story. What a great origin story for this. Do you have your phone? I do. Lay it on me. All right. I sent it to you. You, it's incredible. you know, I'll post this on my Instagram. Chuck the podcaster when this comes out. 'cause people should see this. Oh my God. Isn't that amazing? Wow. She looks like Benjamin Button after he was first born. Yeah. It's really something That is amazing. I'll bet you were like, how does this happen when you saw it? Well the first thing I looked up was like, have I done something really wrong? It's just dangerous and it is not. You can sit in the water like that and it's all fine and good and your hands will and feet will go back to normal soon enough.


That's awesome. Have I done something wrong? Yes. It's gonna be like that forever. So, okay. There's a great question. This is a tailor made Short Stuff chuck. Yeah. Like what makes your skin prune up when there it's submerged in the water and it's not just any part of your skin, it's specifically your hands and your feet and in particular your fingertips and toes that really get pruny at least first. And the answer is, we're not a hundred percent sure why that happens. There's some good guesses, but science seems to have gotten to the bottom of how it happens. Yeah, it was for a long time, I think up until like the early 20th century science basically thought it was osmosis.


So you know, the movement of water from one place to another, in this case from the outer layers, the drier outer layers of the skin retreats essentially. And so your skin and hands are expands that surface area. Right. And it just gets wrinkly. But then they were like, wait a minute, that's not the case. No, because somebody figured out in the 1930s that If you have nerve damage on your fingertips. You can soak and palm mulli till the cows come home and you're not going to get pruny fingers. So they're like, that doesn't make any sense. Like if it's just osmosis, like yeah, it should happen to anybody with skin and water. That's just how that works.


So they're like, since it's nerve damage that makes us think that there's some sort of maybe autonomic nervous system control going on. And it turns out that's exactly what it is. And the original scientists who thought that it was it wrinkled from your skin puffing up. Were kind of looking at it backwards and it turns out your skin is actually shrinking it when it gets all pruny from being in the water. Yeah, it's vasoconstriction. So your blood vessels under the epidermis are shrinking and it's just a response to water. When you put something in water for your skin that is in water too long, the nervous system is gonna restrict that blood flow automatically.


It's a pro, like you said, the autonomic system which controls perspiration and breathing and the things we don't need to think about. And this is just another one. You lose that volume in each little fingertip and they shrink inward and it looks pruny. Yeah. So rather than puffing out paying attention to those ridges, you wanted to look at the valleys. That's the key. The values. Yeah, The values. So science finally figured that out and apparently they've known it for decades. I didn't know what it was until just now. So thanks for that. And I say we take a break because it's kind of like the wild wild West. Just a total free for all in explaining why that happens.


Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com Equal housing opportunity.


Plug in a Hyundai EV. And the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower. Ionic five. And and it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owners manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


So Chuck, there's a bunch of different theories about why our fingers prune. 'cause If, you think about it, it doesn't really make sense if it's not osmo osmosis and it's just like a passive response to being in water. But our actual nervous system is doing this. Why is there an evolutionary advantage to it? 'cause think about it. It takes energy to do that. And over time that would suggest that natural selection selected for that trait in humans. And it turns out Maccas. Yeah, that's right. Weirdly, and this is the theory that I think a lot of scientists have gotten behind and they say they've, I'm not sure if they can say they've really, really proved it, but they have done some studies that sort of indicate that it may be true.


But there was a guy in 2011 named Mark Chen Gizi and Mark Chen said, Hey, I got a little theory on why our skin prunes If. you want to hear it? Actually, he was an evolutionary neurobiologist, so he probably didn't talk like that, but he was in Boise, Idaho. And he and his colleague said, what we think is going on is that it is an evolutionary adaptation that is a benefit to us and that is it makes us able to grip things better when our hands or the thing or both are wet. Right. And everybody else went prove it. And some other people did.


I think a UK group from Newcastle University actually took that theory and put it to the test and they found out that If, you pick up wet or dry objects marble specifically of varying sizes. If your fingers are pruny, you are 12% faster at picking up wet marbles than somebody whose fingers aren't pruny or just plump and dry like normal. Yeah. That's significant. That's a, that's a big difference. 12% faster. I tried to give an example or figure out an example, I can't, but just accept that that's actually a pretty pretty, it's a reasonable difference that suggests like no, there's an actual, like a, this is an adaptation, right?


Yeah. And the, the way that it's kind of described is that like our fingers turn into tire tread in wet conditions almost. Yeah, that's a perfect way to describe it. The way that one of the biologists at Newcastle explained it is completely incorrect. Which bothers me. Yeah. 'cause he said we've shown that they give better grip and wet conditions. True. It could be working like treads on your car tires. True. This is the part that's not right. He says, which allows more of the tire to be in contact with the road and gives you a better grip. Not true at all. Because while he may know a lot about brain stuff, this guy didn't know nothing about car racing.


No. He just knows he likes to ride in cars. Yeah. Because you know, race cars have slicks on them because you have 100% contact with the road and much better grip treads actually give you less grip. The reason you have treads is to, so the water spills on a wet road spills between the treads like a little valley. Yeah. And that's the same thing that's happening here. Yeah. Channels water through it so that you're, yeah. So you actually do have less contact but better traction. Yeah. So aside from that, I think like standing ovation for me on this theory and, and proving it with a game of marbles, I cannot agree with you on that. Oh yeah.


What do you think, buddy? I have a question. That's what I think I have a question. Does it have to have a function? Can it just be a consequence of the fact that we have evolved to send our hot blood toward the core when we're submerged in water to keep us alive, to keep the important bits alive, which means that the blood flows away from our extremities, like our fingertips and because of that our fingertips just kinda shrink. Like they're saying like it's vasoconstriction. Does it have to, does it have to have a reason evolutionarily, or can it just be a consequence of that, a byproduct that doesn't make any sense, or it just so happens it gives us better grip or we have better grip when our fingers are pruning?


Well, I mean, is that a question you could ask about any evolutionary advantage is like, did that just happen and it was coincidence that it turned out to be good for our survival? No, because I mean, let's say flying flight and birds. Right? Okay. Even if that did just happen to evolve as an accident or a consequence of something else, which I don't think it did, it was so quickly and so thoroughly selected that they think that flight occurred. It like evolves separately in different areas of the world at different times. It's just that, it's just that advantageous. This is not particularly advantageous and it's possible humans are just reading more deeply into something.


I know, you know what I was saying? I'm essentially just restating my case here. I Would argue that it is, and they argue that it is advantageous because tuk took in the rain, is able to gather more, 12% more in fact wet berries than, than he would've had he not had that wrinkled skin. And also potentially better traction on slippy rock surfaces with those pruny toes. Okay. And so tuk isn't falling and hitting his little head. Okay, it's Mr. Smart guy. Why if it's just so advantageous to have, why aren't our fingers pruny all the time? Answer that. Well I know you're being coy because I have no idea.


But they did ask those scientists that same question and they said that it's not too clear, but their initial thought was, here's the quote, our initial thoughts are that this is, that this could diminish the sensitivity in our fingertips or could increase the risk of damage through catching on objects. Yes. So skin goes back to smooth fingertips when it's not needed because that, you know, isn't so great to have full-time. Okay. That's a reasonable explanation to that one. Yeah. So I guess, well I'm not gonna say that the case is subtle because I just don't agree. Hey man, I respect your opinion and you know what? I don't really have one, one way or the other.


I just think it's interesting. Alright, that's great. Well, everybody chucks at hey man, which means Short Stuff is App Stuff You. Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.