
Hi, I am Katie Lowes. And I'm Guillermo Diaz. And we're the hosts of Unpacking The Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast, where we're talking about all the best moments of the show, mesmerizing But. also, we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young Scott Foley Tony Goldwyn Debbie Allen Kerry Washington Well, Suit Up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with Unpacking The Toolbox. Listen to Unpacking The Toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or Wherever you get your podcast.


If you wanna grow, you gotta step outta your comfort zone. Join me Lopez for season three of my podcast over comfort. Every week I'll be having honest conversations with some of my favorite friends, This Is, like me actually first time talking about it. My mom is gonna literally kill me. but I am so sorry, mom. Sorry. We're opening up about the good stuff, the vulnerable stuff, and the crunchy stuff. Listen to your Over, Comfort Podcast with Jen Lopez on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Curly And. I'm Maya And welcome to the Super Secret Bestie Club super secret podcast. A super secret club where we talk about super secret things. Yeah, like secrets that are super, That's what it is. In. each episode we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreaks men, and of course, our favorite secrets Get in here. Listen to The Super Secret Bestie Club on iHeartRadio app, app podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT podcast, Family Secrets. Imagine this, your parents sign away your childhood to an academic psychological study. And what about if your sister is very publicly tried, convicted, and sent to prison when really she was just telling her long buried truths? These tough questions are just a few that we'll be grappling with on our upcoming 10th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 10 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here, and Dave is hovering over, it's like a hologram of OB one Kenobi, which makes this Short Stuff And makes us his only hope. That's right. Boy, that's tough for Dave. We're his only hope. Sorry in advance, Dave, You know, we haven't talked too much. We talked a little bit about the mafia and stuff like that, but I feel like we have a gap in our sort of Al Capone Chicago mob sort of timeframe. Like who are the, what was the movie, the Untouchables, that sort of era. Such a good movie. We Don't have a lot of that stuff.


So this is maybe the beginning of a little bit more of that. Okay. This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship, as Al Capone said, once That's right, then you got a, a knife in your back. So our story actually takes place in 1933. That's when it began, although it lasted the, almost the entire decade of the thirties. But by this time, and this is so funny because this whole thing is associated with Al Capone, but if we were gonna jump to the end and put it at the beginning Yeah. He probably had almost nothing to do with this. Yeah. The reason this Chicago milk war, as it's called, is associated with Al Capone, is because his direct descendants, his proteges that took over when he was put into federal prison, they were the ones who were involved in this.


So he had some sort of kind of like phantom supernumerary hand involved, but no direct involvement. Yeah. Like if he wouldn't have been in prison, it would've been Al Capone running this mil war That, and it would've been 10 times bloodier probably. Yeah, You're probably right. But like we all know he was in prison for tax evasion initially right here in Atlanta. Yeah. And then eventually in Alcatraz, very famously. But we're talking about the milk war, like you were saying. And this gets a little convoluted because there's just a lot of milk unions and delivery driver unions for milk, and they all have similar names and they, most of them are pretty good band names.


So it, it gets a little bit confusing, but we're going to do the best we can to tell you how the mob in Chicago got involved in the milk business. And one of the main reasons is that FDR came along and the writing was on the wall that prohibition was gonna be repealed, and that was really bad for the mob. Yeah. 'cause they were making a ton of money with bootlegging and with the speakeasies. So they're like, we need to diver, we need to diversify. Right? Right. Yeah. So they said, How about milk, it's pretty unregulated and under the radar. And we are already in the food business a little bit. We run the, we run the artichoke racket, which was True.


Isn't that crazy? That's the fact of the Short Stuff right there. Well, That and the Wisconsin cheese racket, so they already had the foot in the pro dairy and produce business. Right. So yeah, it kind, I guess milk is a logical extension of those. I mean, the cheese, that makes sense too, but it is surprising to go from booze to, to milk. Yeah. But it, it almost didn't matter what, what the product was. Sure. The mob could figure out a way to completely upend the industry. They were early disruptors, I guess you'd call them in 2010 speak. Yeah. But the way that they did that was through like violence and intimidation. And that's the first, the first tactic they tried when they showed up at a guy named Steve Sumner's door.


And Steve Sumner's door was the front door of the office of the Milk Wagon Driver's Union Local 7 53. And the reason why is because Steve Sumner ran that. He was the union leader. Right. And you had said this whole thing's kind of convoluted. It's, and the reason why is because from what I can tell, there was an uneasy working relationship between the different unions and the different associations that all came together to har to produce, buy, bottle, sell, and distribute milk. Yeah. And each one had their own competing interests, and they were all trying to work together.


There was some price fixing involved, there were some alliances that were all uneasy. But then when the mob came in, they came in kicking down the door and shooting down, shooting Tommy guns into this whole alliance. And it just created this total chaos that had just been waiting to happen that the mob coming in really triggered and, and then some. Yeah, absolutely. Because at the time, milk prices were, I guess you would say fixed, right? Is that the term? Yeah. Yeah. Milk prices were set or capped rather. And they had to use union representatives to, you know, to drive and deliver this milk and distribute this milk. The mob of Chicago basically said, all right, we're going to get in on the ground floor, we're gonna buy an actual dairy.


And they bought meadow more dairies. And that's how we're gonna get into the, the milk industry. And what we can do is then not have to use union employees. We can bypass that, that fixed pricing And, we can undercut by a, a penny or two, what everyone else is selling it for. Yeah. And get all the milk money ourselves. Yeah. And don't forget, this is during the depression, right? So a couple of pennies off of a bottle of milk that was selling for 11 cents. Oh yeah. That meant a lot like you Yeah. You could make a pretty big deal. So there was price fixing, which is illegal, and the mob came in and undermined it by introducing good old American competition to it.


Yeah. Which is really weird. That's why this whole thing is so hard to kind of wrap your head around because it all is totally nonsensical. Yeah, yeah. You're right. I, I mean, I, I, I feel better because I couldn't figure out why I couldn't really make the most sense of this. 'cause it's not the most complicated story. No. But yeah, they came to Steve Sumner eventually, this guy named Murray the Camel Humphreys, who was one of Capone's fixers. If. you have a fixer. You're, you're not a good person, let's just say that. Yeah. That means you're breaking things If. you need someone to fix things. That's a great, great slogan. Oh yeah. I should get that on a T-shirt. Huh? Hurry.


So they went to Sumner and said, Hey, If, you and your union can just lay low for a little while. Let us hire these non-union workers. We can sell our stuff cheaper. And then you can make a big deal about that, and you can protest that. Then we can raise these prices again. And in exchange for this, we're not gonna, we're, we're gonna offer you protection, which everyone knows for the mob means we're not going to destroy your milk trucks and fire bomb your delivery wagons. Right. And what's funny is like, I can't remember the spoof movie that this is in. I wanna say top secret, but I might be wrong, where somebody comes in some like traditional, like maybe gangster criminal comes in and starts shooting up the place.


And then all of these, like normal people, like pull guns outta nowhere and start shooting back unexpectedly. That's exactly what happened with this. Because the mob came in and said that they were going to start breaking heads if everybody didn't fall in line. And so all these people in the dairy industry who were allegedly legitimate, went and bombed the mob's dairy. The moment they, the moment they said that they were going to do this, they went and bombed their dairy. Alright. I say we should take a break. 'cause that's a pretty remarkable thing. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with Johnny Dangerously. I'm not sure if that's true or not. Is that it? Okay. But it seems like a likely candidate. And we'll come back right after this.


My name is Curly And, I'm Maya And welcome to the Super Secret. Bestie Club, the Super Secret Club podcast. A super secret club, where we talk about super secret things. Yeah. like secrets that are super, That's what it is. In. each episode we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreaks, men, and of course our favorite secrets. Get in here. How's your spirit? My spirit is, it's popping. I was like, text your eggs. I'm like, touch the blame Ego will have you crying over a closed door that had nothing behind it. And I say, be yourself. Have fun and have a good giggle. Listen to The Super Secret Bestie Club as part of the Michael Tura podcast. Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to, well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend and prove as a parent, there's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Johnny Dangerously top secret. It's virtually the same movie. I mean, that's just a guess. Boy, I saw Johnny Dangerously in the theater when I was a kid. I thought it was Oh yeah. Funniest thing I'd ever seen It. It, some parts of it are still pretty funny. I haven't seen it in a long time, but I, I think it was, yeah. Joe Piscopo, Michael Keaton. You kidding me? Yeah. The d the Dream team is what they call that Griffin Dunn. Yeah. He's, he's Master Charger. Did you know he's Joan Didion's nephew? Of course. He's got a new book out Called I'm Joan Didion's nephew by Joan Didion's nephew. You dummy Emily just got, it's supposed to be a good read.


So she's, she's all into that. Have you ever seen After Hours? Oh yeah, of course. Good movie. It's Scorsese baby. Yeah, it was. But it's also like a kind of a screwball comedy. Yeah, Yeah. The only one he did. Really? Yeah. All right. That's been movie crush. Aw, I missed that show. Aw. Not enough to do it again though. So we're back. And like you said, when we left, I believe right before I said Johnny Dangerously, you said these regular schmos started bombing the mob's dairy and that that's what happened. And it is just crazy. And all of a sudden, you know, this milk war has kicked off. Yes.


So I said that there was like a bunch of different competing groups. There were the people who made the milk, those are the farm producers. Those are the farmers who are like milking the cows, putting into huge like canisters and then selling it to the milk dealers. The milk dealers have formed an association and they're the ones who are fixing the price. They were saying, Hey farmers, this is how much you're gonna get from milk. Don't ask for anything more because everyone who's gonna buy it from you is in cahoots against you. Right. So the farmers said, well, this is, this is all crazy. We're just gonna go on strike. You're not gonna get any milk unless you guys start giving us a better price. So in addition to this group, these people were arguing, there's also another group that were involved and they were the stores that sold milk.


Okay. They had milk for one set price, and they could typically sell it lower, lower than other companies who used delivery drivers milkmen to deliver their milk directly to people's homes because there's that added cost. And then on top of that added cost, the the milk drivers were unionized. Yeah. That's what Steve Sumner represented. And so they had like a contract with those companies saying like, you're gonna pay our drivers like a, a good wage. And so there was competition between the, the companies that used union drivers and the companies that just sold it directly from stores. And all of them hated each other because they were all beating one another up to get as much of a margin of profit out of the others as they possibly could.


Because the American public were the ones who were like, we're not gonna pay that much for milk. You guys are gonna have to figure this out yourself. Yeah. Do you think the mob ever went up to people and went, you're gonna be eating your granular with water? Or did they have cereal by then or were they still calling it? Probably Not Granular. Sure. Do you remember Kellogg's episode? That was the 19th century. Well, That's what I'm saying. That was like the early 1910s. They were calling it granular, but they called it cereal pretty soon after. Right. Oh, I see what you mean. Sure, sure. Probably I, yeah, I, I wonder what the first one was because I think they called their cornflakes cornflakes pretty early on, so they at least had cornflakes. Alright, let me do another take. Okay. You you're gonna eating your cornflakes with se with with cereal.


God, it You want to take a third take? Yeah, Let's do take three. Okay. I'm gonna add a line too. I'm gonna improv a line. You're gonna be eating cereal with water, like in the movie Fridays. That's awesome. Remember to Ice cube Some? Yeah. You had to drink it or you had to eat it with water. Yep. Oh boy. Where were we? We were talking about cornflakes. Yeah. In the story. I know there was a band name on Dimension. The Pure Milk Association. Yeah. They were one of the unions. Great band name post psychedelic Associate milk dealers. What about that one? That's not too bad. Milk wagon, drivers union. Yeah.


Nah, it's getting wordy. You know, we haven't taken a, a break yet. Have Oh, we did, we did. Okay, good. Yeah, yeah. Oh good. We can Just go on, add infinitum now. We're supposed to be done by now. Alright, so here's what happened in 1939. There was an antitrust case. Yeah. That was going on basically with, with this, you know, monopoly that was happening. And the court threw it out. It a district court judge that threw it out. I believe it was reinstated by the Supreme Court later, but they avoided trial. The DOJ said, you know what, if everyone signs and agrees to this, then we can get this milk war over the farmers and the unions.


You gotta say that. You won't stop independent producers from Marketing Milk. There can be independent producers, distributors, you can't fix your prices anymore. And drivers, you're a union. There's a lot of moving parts here. Yeah. You can't hamper the, the store sales of milk. Like I know you like delivering to people's houses, but distribution is a thing now and you gotta let that happen. Right. And so essentially what the Justice Department said was, you basically need to go the way that the mob was trying to take this. And it's like, go your separate ways and compete with one another. Like be capitalists rather than price fixers. Exactly. What's funny is there's a quote from Steve Sumner who's just befuddled by this antitrust case that was slapped against him.


And some of the others. He's like, we're trying to get the milk flowing again. Like, we're just making deals here. And they're like, you're price fixing. That was the problem in the first place. So stop doing that. And I got the milk flowing again. I think in 1940 the whole thing ended. That's right. Pretty great stuff. The Chicago Milk Wars featuring Al Capone in name only. That's right, Chuck said That's right twice everybody. and of course that means Short Stuff is out. That's right. Stuff You. Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.