
Hey, it's Austin James. If you're like me trying to live your best life while living with diabetes, you can relate to worrying if you're doing a good job managing your diabetes. I use the Freestyle Libre three plus sensor to get real-time, glucose readings and see the impact of every meal and activity to make better decisions. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor can help me live life with diabetes on my own terms. And, it gives me more time for the things I love, like being a dad and a musician. Now, this is progress. Learn more at Freestyle Libre us For prescription only. Safety info found at Freestyle Libre us.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Sitting in for Dave. And this is Stuff You. Should Know. Short Stuff. That's right. We're talking about tornadoes again on the show. We've talked plenty about tornadoes and Tornado Alley even. But we're gonna talk more about it because probably since we did the last update on Tornado Alley, it seems like it might be changing a bit, right? Yeah, definitely. For sure. And just even classifying tornadoes. I'm sure we talked about the changeover 'cause it would've happened before we talked about it, but it would've been really new. So yeah, there's a lot to dig into about Tornado Alley and tornadoes. And one of the first things to understand is that Tornado Alley is a contested area of the United States of North America, but the United States in particular that runs essentially from Texas.


Why are you laughing at me? I just runs, I, I live. I Love to bear witness. When you dig yourself into a word hole, climb back out of it Bravely. Well watch this. I'm climbing out. It starts in Texas. It goes all the way up to the Dakotas, but it also veers over. It bends and hits like Iowa, Indiana, Ohio. And this, the reason this is considered Tornado Alley is because it has the most tornadoes of anywhere else in the United States, which means that it has more to tornadoes than anywhere else in the world. And the reason that is, is because it has the perfect conditions for tornadoes to develop.


Alright, so tornado producing conditions that you mentioned are they form through instability in the atmosphere. So a lot of moist warm air beneath that cooler drier air. And then something called wind shear, which is when winds are changing with height, like the winds are changing and then they're changing at different height levels and If, you've got that. Then you've got a pretty good recipe for a tornado And. it just so happens that those states that you mentioned have a lot of that kind of weather happening thanks to where they are basically. Yeah. So warm, moist air comes up from the Gulf of Mexico and cooler drier air comes from the west, like say the Rockies and they converge in that area.


That's Tornado Alley. And when you've got those two factors, like you said, the wind and the instability, Supercell thunderstorms can break out and that's what spawn tornadoes. And so anywhere you find that where there's instability and wind shear, a tornado can break out and they do break out outside of Tornado Alley all the time. Oh yeah. Bad ones. Yeah, for sure. And and yeah, it does. It's not even North America. There's a longstanding myth that we probably talked about about whether there's tornadoes outside of North America and there are, but it's just that there's so many more in North America. You can forgive people for thinking they're just a North American phenomenon.


Yeah. And the other thing too is, and the areas that you described as Tornado Alley, at least a lot of 'em have these big wide open planes. And that's just kind of become, the common thing you think about is a tornado that you see way far off in the distance coming at you. And that's not always the case when they happen here in the American South, which, you know, we'll get to the fact that that happens a lot more lately. There're a lot more trees, dense forests. It's not these big wide open planes. So it's just not what you typically think of as tornado country, even though they will rip through Georgia or Alabama or Tennessee just as well as they can anywhere else. Yes. And then we should also say that Tornado Alley is a fairly recent term.


It was coined in 1952 by a pair of Air Force Weathercasters, major Ernest j Faw Bush, great Name Agreed. And Captain Robert C. Miller. And they, I saw that their method of predicting tornadoes was like 95% accurate or something insane like that. Whoa. But they, so the coin Tornado Alley at about the same time the records of tracking tornadoes begin because in the United States our records, our, our tornado activity records only date back to the fifties. Yeah, the 1950s. In fact, it was, I guess just before we started the podcast in 2007 that they And I guess I remember talking about this being sort of a new thing at the time.


Like you said, the enhanced fujita scale or the EF scale for for rating a tornado's intensity or their damage intensity. So that hasn't even been around that long. But you know how it generally worked was if you're gonna count tornadoes, you're literally gonna do that. You're gonna have people calling in to the weather service, you're gonna have just regular citizens. You're gonna have maybe people in the government or meteorologists weighing in. But people reporting tornadoes to the NWS is how they keep track of how many tornadoes they are. Yeah. And you just know that the citizens that report tornadoes, there's only 10 of 'em, but they're probably responsible for like 60% of the tornado reports.


Yeah. They're into It. I mean, good for them. So you don't just take those 10 people's word for it. Like you mark where they're saying they saw a tornado and then you send out trained meteorologists to go check afterwards. Yeah. See what kind of s there Exactly. Put their hand on a railroad track. Yeah. And they look at the destruction and based on the level of destruction, they categorize it with that enhanced fujita scale. And that ultimately what they're after is classifying it based on presumed or estimated wind speeds, hence the destructiveness of the whole thing. And then they count it and that's how they track tornadoes. And because it's only, it only dates back to the fifties and it's still kind of a klugy way of tracking tornadoes.


We're not very good at looking at long-term trends in tornado activity. We're not there yet. So we're kind of reading tea leaves as it were. All right. Now I wanna go have some tea. So let's take A break. Okay. And We'll be right back. Okay.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Hey, it's lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle from the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


S Chanel. Okay Chuck. So like we said, you can have a tornado outside a Tornado Alley, sorry everybody, they just happen there with more frequency. There's also plenty of less powerful tornadoes too that happen in Tornado Alley, but they're also, they seem to be also popping up in the southern southeastern us with much greater frequency and much more destructiveness than it seems like there used to be. And that's actually a point of contention.


Not everybody agrees with that, but there's a, a thought that there's a school of thought that tornado alleys migrating eastward. Yeah. They're calling this new, new Tornado Alley Dixie Alley. Some people are calling it that. Other people are saying like, no, that's not even a thing. And again, these are the ones that are going maybe through a forest or something. Or in the case of Atlanta that one year, like in the city of Atlanta, which is very scary and weird, but there's not really a tornado season like you think of in traditional Tornado Alley. They can, they can pop up whenever. I think it's more likely here in the south to have a tornado in late winter to early spring. And in the northern plains is usually summertime.


But all you need, and these are the what the meteorologists and tornado people try to hammer home and it's like, yeah, maybe there's a tornado season, you know, quote unquote season, but like it's an atmospheric condition. And, that can happen at any time in any place really, as long as those conditions are met. Right, exactly. So like you said, some people are just like, no, this, that's not actually a thing. It's not really moving. The reason that a lot of people say it's moving is because of climate change. It just makes sense, right. That as the, as the earth warms If, you need warmer, humid air underneath colder air to create instability and wind shear. Well then as the earth warms, you're gonna have more warmer, humid air.


Yeah. And so yes, ipso facto tornadoes are going to be breaking out much worse than they were before. Much greater frequency. And probably in places that, you know, you might as well say tornado alleys expanded. Right? Yeah. Other people are like not so fast buster, because yes, there probably will be warmer, more warm, humid air, but because the Earth's warming, that also means there will probably be less cooler drier air. Right. And so you'll have one of the ingredients, but you'll have less of the other ingredient. So you'll have less wind shear, which means that, I don't know, it might be a wash. And at the very least, we can't really predict at this point how climate change is going to affect tornadoes.


So sit down. I think that's what the other scientists are saying. Yeah. It's kind of hard to believe after all this time that this is as far along as we are with tornadoes and I don't know, it just seems like something that you could almost predict. It's at a certain point. Yeah. Because we've been tracking them for a while. This how stuff Works. Article that we're basing this on mentions the what, probably the very first report by a European of a tornado in what would become the United States was by Governor John Winthrop, one of the Puritans If, you remember our Puritan episode? Oh yeah. Yeah. And back in 1643, he recorded a str, a powerful Wind that whipped up dust, lifted his meeting house, that's probably the dead giveaway, and knocked down a tree that fell on some poor shmo who was killed by it.


Geez. So he said in his log book tornadoes not so pure. Exactly. Or very pure, depending on how you look at it, I Guess. Yeah. Now that you mention it, you probably saw them as God's wrath. For sure. Do you have anything else? Yeah, we should mention the movie Twisters because that is a, I guess, I don't know what they call 'em these days, but not a remake of the original Twister movie, but it has long been known that Emily, my wife is, loves the movie Twister. The first one, one of her guilty indulgences. 'cause otherwise she just basically likes independent film and foreign film and Twister And. That's always sort of been the joke in the family.


But she was very excited to watch Twisters. We rented it the other night here at the house. The three of us watched it and Twisters gets three big old thumbs down from our Family. No, that's a shame. Just not very good, unfortunately. Well, That's a tough act to follow. I mean, the first, the first one was pretty great. Yeah. I mean the cast alone, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt. Sure. And. it was great. Aker Elwise really just a top-notch movie and, and holds up. So I say don't waste your time with, with Twisters. Okay. And I. Hope no one that made that movie or was in that movie, listens to the show. 'cause I was, they're all great.


Otherwise. Good for you man. Chuck was very nice at the end there. So of course that means Short Stuff is App Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.