
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member, FDIC.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh Clark and this is Charles w Chuck Bryant. And Jerry's there. She doesn't have a sound associated with her because she's already listening to sound and this is Short Stuff. Yeah, we're we're doing one on the different color noises, you know, white noise, brown noise, pink noise. And Jerry literally just said, Hey, I, I'm listening to Brown Noise right now, which I've never heard of anyone just listening to noise unless they were trying to sleep or, you know, at a place where they were trying to block out other noise. But I think Jerry just said it, like, helped her relax or something, or concentrate Focus. What She say?


I think she said, Yeah. Kind of the same thing I said, but in it with a different word. I used to, I used to try it too during work. It, it, it is supposed to help you focus and Oh, okay. At the very least, drown out other noises, but it just didn't take with me, at least at first, at least for working. I get it for, you do Like ambient music now, don't you? Yes. Yeah. But I get it for sleep for sure. Which is what most people use it for. Jerry's an odd duck. Yeah. And I have been on record before. I'm a brown nose adherent brown. No noise. Didn't know, apparently I almost say brown nose. Yeah, I Think you did say brown nose It.


It can also be called red nose or red noise, which I didn't know, but brown noise as I've demonstrated on the show, if this is white noise, this is brown noise And this is pink noise. Won, won, won. Brown noise is deeper, it has lower frequencies, it's got more base minimalizes that higher frequency. And I didn't really know this, but apparently you can liken some of these to sounds in nature and apparently brown noise is more akin to like a river rapid or a heavy rainfall or thunder. Yes. Distant thunder, rumbling thunder even.


Yeah. Yeah. So obviously that's very alluring. Everybody likes those sounds so brown noise makes sense. And because there's also white noise and pink noise. You think brown noise is just named after the color brown, like for some reason maybe it evoked the color brown. And the person who named it wrong, there was a scientist named Robert Brown from Scotland who in the very early 18 hundreds was looking at pollen grains through his microscope and saw them basically dancing around. And he said, this is not possible because pollen is not alive. And he had no idea what this was, but he, he published his paper so that future generations could solve it.


And apparently no less than Albert Einstein took it on and found this. This was a, an excellent demonstration of atomic particles interacting and basically moving ultimately these pollen grains along. And the reason that it's named after Robert Brown, brown noises because he tried to figure out how to quantify these random movements. Right. Yeah. And this is a part like, I don't know, this is way above my scientific pay grade, so I'm not sure how you go about this, but he devised this mathematical formula to predict the movements of the pollen and use that to generate an electronic sound.


And that was brown noise. Yeah. Well, other people who came used his formula to generate sound. I don't understand it either. Yeah. But yeah, but so the, the, the sound of brown noise is literally the, the formula for the sound of pollen moving, which is just kooky to think about. It is, but It's, it's pretty cool too. I just think it's good. Good fact of the show I think. Yeah, I mean it's all math. So technically you could use math to translate into other kinds of math I'm guessing, but just the idea of yeah, figuring out how random movements can turn into, into sound is just, I love that stuff. Yeah, me too. Let's talk about this offline Chuck while we take a break. Alright.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit at strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Well we just had a great conversation about brown noise. It was wonderful offline. But now we're gonna talk about white noise. The higher cousin to brown noise, obviously it, it does have a range. It's not like it's just high frequency, but it's not as base heavy. They have the lows in there. They have the, the mids and the highs, but white noise is used aside from just sleeping a lot of times with like noise canceling headphones and stuff, masking other sounds. This one is akin naturally to like a, a light rain or a gentle breeze through the trees. Very nice. Sounds kind of nice too. One of the coolest things I learned ever is that in Kyoto Japan there is a, the sound of wind blowing through bamboo in this one park is a protected heritage site.


Like the sound itself is protected Wow. As a world heritage. Yeah. And I think I remember talking about that game I played the ghost of Shima, I think that's what it's called. It was the sort of futile Japanese warrior PS four game that I played that the sounds in that game. Oh yeah. It's a gorgeous game. But the sounds of the wind blowing through the poppy fields and through the bamboo forest, like you could tell it, it was a thing that they really wanted to capture and they did. So that's Cool. I think you're confusing that with Bert. Yeah. Dying. Dying. Alright. What, what about pink noise? Pink noise is a little different.


It's kind of like the compromise between white noise and brown noise because the white noise includes all frequencies. A lot of people are like, I don't like those high frequencies, especially when I'm trying to sleep, but I'm not down with just nothing but the low base heavy stuff. Gimme some mid range and maybe accentuate the lower and higher things a little bit, but not too much. And If you do that kind of stuff, you have pink noise. Yeah. And you know, I just realized I have my app here. I might as well figure out what pink noise sounds like because I wasn't exactly sure. So we can just play this if that's all right with you. Yeah, go ahead.


So that's pink. Yeah, that's white. Well, I mean that does sound like ocean waves. That's brown. Okay. But my app has a bunch of other colors and I'm not sure if this is like, hey, let's just go crazy, but there's also purple noise, blue noise. Which App are you talking about? Dwell Spring? No, no, no. This is a different one. But yeah, our, our friend actually developed a, a white noise app, right? Yeah. It's called Dwell Springing. The guy who created our website, Brandon Reed, friend of the show and just friend in general. And also, yeah, one time World record holder Guinness record holder of the 400 meter right meter piggyback Man.


What a dude. Yeah. He created just a world class sound generator app and in addition to all this, the different colored noises, he also has things like a box fan, the airplane cabin sound. That's the one I use on my app, but I forgot Brandon had his, I'm gonna switch over just to support that. Yeah, it's really great. I mean like, it's a really good app. The one that got me was Crackling Fireplace in a thunderstorm. Oh buddy. That is niche. Yeah, exactly. So Yeah, that, that just put me to sleep thinking about it. Go Check out Dwell, springing. It's, it, it really is a good app and I think it's everywhere you can get apps. I'm sure it is. Nice work, Brandon. So back to the noises, like as far as which one is best for sleep, there have been some very middling studies over the years.


We'll mention a few of them, but the problem with these is, you know, in 2017 they were like, Hey, let's get eight people in here and watch 'em sleep. Or the one in 2016 they got 16 people. This just never a lot of folks, you know, I guess, you know, bed space is probably not the easiest thing to do unless people are doing this at home. But at Oxford in 2017, they got those eight people and they said that they fell asleep 40% faster listening to white noise. But their overall sleep was about the same. Okay. But still falling asleep, not being able to fall asleep is a, a part of Oh yeah. Insomnia. Not, not being able, yeah. 40% able to get back to sleep is another part of it too. So yeah, I I mean I would I would say that's great.


A year before somebody decided that they wanted to see how, how much better you could recall vocabulary words If you slept using pink noise. Yeah. And I guess there was, they, they found that 16 young adults who slept with pink noise had slightly improved recollection of vocabulary words. So they were like, okay and pickle. Whereas the other, the control group couldn't ever remember pickle. They were like the green thing that was a cucumber once. Right. They're like, man, I should have slept with pink noise. There was a study in 2017 from Northwestern of 13 older adults and they said pink noise provided deeper sleep overall and improved again, ability to recall words.


And again, that word was pickle. That's right. There was a study in Iran, this is probably the most robust of all of them. They looked at 60 elderly coronary patients and they said half of you're gonna sleep with white noise, the other half are not going to have white noise. But all of you are in a hospital and if you've ever tried to sleep in a hospital, it should be illegal. The the sounds that they have because your sleep just deteriorates the longer you're in the hospital. It's awful. Yumi took care of her brother when he was in the hospital for like three weeks. She would stay there overnight. It's Tough. She would, in addition to just all the beings and the beeps and all that stuff, the nurses come in and they're just like, Hey, how's it going?


It's time for your know, blood pressure. Like, and it's three in the morning. And that happens every, like, you know, there's something that wakes you up every 20 minutes and it's just so nuts that hospitals are just so aloof about that when we all know how important sleep is. And then that and then nutrition in hospitals is abysmal as well. I should say American hospitals. Yeah. I just wanted to go off on that because it is something that, that should be fixed and remedied. No, it, it's, it's tough. If you've ever had to be at a hospital for a long time supporting somebody or just, you know, being the patient. It is hard to sleep. The beds are not great and they're always throwing on those fluorescent lights Right. When you're dosing off. Yeah. It'd be like going to get your tires changed at Sears.


And they keep tacks all over the floor. You know, like there's, they're trying to, they're just sabotaging themselves and doing what they're supposed to be doing, which is healing. Yeah, that's a good point. And we should say the results of the study and the control group, they found the quality of sleep degraded as they obviously spent multiple nights there with all those beeps and, and you know, let me check your blood, blood pressures happening once they had, the ones who had the white noise, their quality of sleep remained basically the same throughout their stay. So it did not degrade over time. Yeah. Not bad. Which is great. Yeah, for sure. I mean like just put a white noise generator in every single room or give every patient dwell spring.


Yeah, exactly. Or you know, there, there, there's that app, there's other apps, there are standalone sound machines that you can get. You know, there's just a, a little thing that you put beside your bed or maybe Jerry has beside her desk at work so she can sleep on the job. And then as far as like how to use it, like that's up to you, depending on what noise does best for you. Try different ones out the volume, try some different ones out. I find that I get my very best sort of put me to sleep stuff when I run it through an actual speaker instead of just through my, my phone speaker. Because that you get some more deep bass resonance.


Oh yeah. And, and my napping trick is I will put a pillow over my head and face and stick that phone under there with me and it creates this sort of echoey, not echoey, but like a, just sort of a, it traps the sound. It's like a cavern of sound and that really gets me out. That and three shots of rum. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the afternoon rum. You got anything else man? I got nothing else. I think that was very nice of you. You gave some great advice to people who have trouble sleeping, which my heart goes out. Hey, thanks to people like that. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that means Short Stuff is out up. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.