
Hey, everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus, there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One Quicksilver card, what's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and Chuck's here, and Jerry's here for Dave. So that makes this an official Short Stuff. That's right. And we're gonna issue a trigger warning on this one. Part of the story has to do with sexual assault, so we just wanted to kind of let everyone know that that's coming. But ultimately, this is a, a story of courage and bravery. Yeah. So If you go down to Sicily and Southern Italy and ask them what a F Tina is, they will say, we don't really do that anymore, but we'll tell you what it is anyway, it means sudden escape. And in its most benign form, it was a way for couples who were consenting they wanted to get married, but their families were like, no, we don't approve of this union and, and therefore you can't get married.


It was a way for them to elope. All right. So the Fuina was essentially an elopement. The key to the Fuina though, was that the couple would wait a little while, say a week, and then they would return home and their families would presume that over the course of that week, this couple had had premarital sex. Yeah. So when they came back, the couple was like, now you have to agree to letting us get married. And, and in fact, it's going to be a specific type of marriage that's prescribed by law and socially it's called the matrimonial repertory. It's called a rehabilitating marriage. Right? That's right.


And that was a, a legal thing. It was a socially accepted thing to where you could restore honor to that bride. It was a, a loophole If you wanted to get married and your parents didn't like you were getting married to, but there was a very dark version of this in which a man could take a woman that he wanted to marry, even if she didn't want to, he could take her away. He could kidnap her, he could hold her against her will, he could sexually assault her. And then in the same way that that elopement, which was consensual, would have to be, you know, could restore that marriage, they would then come back with a woman and say, well, you are now a tainted woman.


If you, you're damaged goods, no one's gonna marry you. So If you want to restore your honor, and you want to have a family one day and be married, then you have to marry me. Your, maybe your captor and assaulter. Yeah. And it, so it's a no win situation here. Right. Because If you wanted to be not ostracized by your community, If you wanted to ever get married, because no one would marry you after you were essentially teen goods because you had been sexually assaulted by this man, the only way out of it was to consent to this rehabilitating marriage. 'cause it would restore, your Honor. And then also conveniently, it, it erased any criminal act that had led to that marriage legally.


It let the man off the hook for kidnapping and sexual assault because the woman had married her, him, even though she had no choice, if she ever wanted to get married and say have kids, her only chance now was with the man who had kidnapped and sexually assaulted her. That's just how that worked. Yeah. So this was a thing that went seemingly completely unchallenged as far as anyone knows until the mid 1960s when a woman named Franca, Viola came along and said, no. In 1963, in her hometown of Almo, she was 15 years old, she was engaged to a 23-year-old nephew of a Sicilian Mafioso.


His name was Felipo Melodia. And they were headed toward marriage, but he got nabbed for, for a crime, for theft. Six months into their engagement, she broke it off. He fled to Germany to, you know, to escape this going to prison basically. And while he was gone, she became engaged. She fell in love to another guy. This guy she grew up with named Giuseppe Rui, her former fiance, I guess Melodia, came back in 1965, said, I want you back. And she said, no, I really love this guy. I'm staying with him. Yeah. So Melodia kept trying over and over again to, to win her back.


And she kept saying no every time. So as e each time he was becoming angrier and angrier. And also he was humiliated every time that she turned him down. So he hatched a plan where he would kidnap franca from her home. He and 15 other men did on the day after Christmas in 1965. And he held her at a, a farmhouse, and he sexually assaulted her there over the course of a week, which effectively triggered that matrimonial repertory. Like it gave her no choice at that point. And then after the week she was released, and then as part of this custom, initially, Melodia and his accomplices were arrested, but the choice was up to franca to press charges or to marry the guy That was her choice.


And again, up to this point, as, as far as we know, every single woman put in this position agreed to marry the person who kidnapped and sexually assaulted her. That's right. So I feel like that's halfway point. It's a good time for a break. And we'll tell you what happened right after this.


Hey, everyone, we're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card, what's in your wallet terms Apply, See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service. You need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important. At and t recently completed an at t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now, you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle, buy, feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story. At and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well at t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting changes everything at t.


All right. So I actually kind of spoiled it, spoiled it earlier when I said that she said, no, but that's exactly what happened. Franca very, very bravely decided to press charges. And like you said, she was the first woman in modern times, maybe of all times, to say, I'm not participating in this. Even though her honor was tarnished, her family's reputation was tarnished. They got threats. Their barn and their vineyard were burned down. Because remember, this is a nephew of a mafioso. So some heavy things were going down, and these guys were arraigned for trial. It became an international story in 1966.


They knew he did it. So it wasn't like, did you do it or not? He basically said, no, no, no. I was, I was lovesick. She loved me too. And it was the parents who didn't approve. So this is just like a good old fashioned eloping, what was that called? Fuina. It's like a good old fashioned fuina. And she said this, I'm the property of no one, no one can force me to love a person. I do not respect. Honor is lost by the one who does certain things, not the one who is subjected to them. Right. She also said to him directly from the stand, I do not love you. I will not marry you. And she was, despite she was going against all custom, I, and again, like, I think it's worth pointing out, her family stood by her.


And rather than pressuring her to do, you know, what the, what the community and society wanted her to do, that was extremely brave of them as well. And in return for her bravery and courage, she, she won, Melodia lost his case. And because rape and kidnapping were still crimes in Sicily and Italy, he was sentenced to 11 years in prison. Ended up serving 10 and seven of his 15 accomplices received four year sentences each and I guess kind of joyously, two years after Felipo, Melodia got outta prison. So he spent 10 years in prison.


Within two years he'd been gunned down in Medina in Italy, famous for its balsamic vinegar. So the media, you know, got ahold of this story. Like I said earlier, and you might think like the media talked about like just how awful this was. They did in a way, but the media in Italy also talked about how pretty she was. And there were on tv there were panel discussions where they talked to local men about like, Hey, like, you know, she's good looking. Would you still marry her? And you know, they were all like, no, I still wouldn't marry her. So the media coverage was just very sexist and not fair. But she did get married to Giuseppe.


They were married December, 1968. She was 20 by this time. He was 25 years old. And it was a, like, it was a national celebration basically when she got married. Yeah. Surprisingly, there's a huge happy ending to this. Giuseppe's another person who, who deserves credit for standing by her too. He was honestly the, her only chance, he was the only man who could step up and, and restore her honor, because essentially she, they got married under a matrimonial re and yeah, it was a celebration by the country. So much so that Italy's president, And I think Mashable pointed this out, Italy's president directly sent them a wedding present of $40, which would be over $250 today.


And the transport minister gave them a month of free railway rides. So like, Hey, this woman went, would a rail pass? Yeah, pretty much. I mean, a month of it. That's pretty good for a newlywed couple, right? Yeah. So they, she, she went from scorned and people in the media talking about how her life was basically over, she was gonna be a spinster to being celebrated in Italy by the very people who had essentially tried to pressure her into submitting to melony's advances. Yeah. And this was 1966 when it happened. So you would think, well, in 1967, they probably got rid of this thing. Not, so it wasn't, it took till 1981 to repeal that law, which is staggering.


I can't believe it took that long. Yeah. The fu is still around and the rehabilitation marriage is still around. But the key is that If you rape the woman, you are no longer off the hook if she marries you. And yeah, the fact that it took more than a decade is a little, a little unnerving. But that was one of the things that, that she did. She kind of shined an international spotlight on this really backwards custom. And Italy and, and Sicily were kind of like shrinking a little bit in this, the spotlight, because it just made them look so bad. So that was one thing she did. And also she was credited for inspiring no less than four women in the same situation for to to press charges on their abductor and assault her by the time she even got to trial.


Yeah. Who knows how many she, she inspired after that. So she changed this custom. That was so old. I, I don't, you can't even tell when it would've began. Yeah, for sure. If you think, why haven't I seen this movie? Well, you can, there's a filmmaker named Marta Savina who had an award-winning short film called Viola, and she turned that into a feature film called Primadonna or The Girl From Tomorrow. Yes. And in a even happier part of the happy ending on International Wednesday in 2014, president Giorgio Napolitano bestowed on Franca the honor of Grande Efic del Ore, Ella Republica Italiana, which means that she was essentially knighted for her act of bravery.


Amazing, Amazing. Huge hat tip to Yumi. I had never heard of Franco Viola until she, she mentioned her to me. I think she sent me an article a while back. So yeah, I appreciate that. I think the whole world does now. Yeah. Did she, was it from, did she see the movie or was it just from something she Read? I think she ran across something like an article on the internet and sent it to me. So yeah, I wanna check, check out that movie and see what that's Like. Yeah. And a huge hat tip to Franca Viola too, for being so brave. It's just what an amazing story. Agreed. Chuck said, agreed. Short Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.