
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Ben's here too. Sitting in for Jerry, who usually sits in for Dave. It's very confusing. So let's forget the whole thing and get started. 'cause this is Short Stuff. Hey, happy day after birthday friend. Oh, thank you very much. I appreciate that friend. What'd you do? Oh geez, I can't really get into it here, but it was a good birthday. Okay. You'll tell, tell me in private. We had a good time. But no, I appreciate you getting those posts on social media up. That was very nice of you. It made me feel very loved. Hey, Of course people love you. And they said so in the, in the hundreds and thousands. I Know. It was really nice. Yeah, thanks a lot. Yeah, you texted me, you're like, you're getting a lot of love over on Instagram right now.


Well, So I have to get you to open Instagram. Yeah, I know. It works like a charm. It's no good. My good deed goes unseen if If, you don't watch it. So, But thank you for that. Of course. We'll have to go back and edit all this out because this is Short Stuff. No, that was only a minute. 10, 11, 12. We're doing great. Alright, well then we have to talk really fast for the rest of the episode. Well, we're talking about something near and dear to my heart that I've talked about on stage in front of thousands of people. And that is the fact that I, not always but I mostly try to sit down when I go peepee.


I do too. I'm a Sitzpinklers. Oh, Do you, you started doing that? Yeah, I, I think I confessed along with you on stage. Oh, okay. In Seattle too, if I remember correctly. But yeah, yeah, no, I totally, now I own it. At the time I was a little wary. Now I'm like, yeah, I sit down to pee. It works really well. The only time I don't is in public because I would rather cut off the lower half of my body than ever sit on a public toilet seat. Yeah. And if I remember correctly, my onstage joke was that I sit to pee, but I stand up when I poop. That's right. That was a classic. Yeah. I've been doing that though for, I feel like it's semi new, like in the, in the past like six or seven years, I started seeing down to pee and the first, you know, adult male that I saw doing this was my, wait, Wait.


Was my brother-in-Law? Oh, okay. When I lived. Oh, your Brother-in-Law. Yeah. My brother-in-Law when I lived with them. My sister's husband Carsten, who is German. Oh, that makes sense because this is a very German thing. Like there's even, I didn't know that the, I didn't either. I think actually Yumi found this one because we were talking about, I don't remember what we were talking about. We looked it up and it turned out that this is a big thing in Germany. Yeah. Germany. And they have a word for it. Sitzpinklers. Can you say it with a German accent? Yeah. Hasselhoff. I wonder if he does. No, you said it right. Basically Sitzpinklers. Yeah, there you go.


That's what I was looking for. You just gotta add a little flare. It makes sense too that the Germans would've a word for it. 'cause the Germans have a word for everything. But the reason why a little bell went off in my head when you said your brother-in-law is German is because it's a big deal in Germany. As a matter of fact, there was a YouGov poll of eight Western European countries, plus the us, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and Singapore. And the whole point of this poll was to find out where, where men sit down to pee the most. It was groundbreaking scientific poll. And Germany won out. I didn't quite get this 'cause it says 62% of German men sit every time.


No, a combined 62% sit every time or most times. Oh, okay. Every time being 40%, 22% most times. I gotcha. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I mean for the, that means that for the most part, by far, most German men are, you'll find them sitting down when they're peeing most of the time. Yeah. And behind them was Sweden at 50% Denmark, 44 Australia. Which kind of surprised me at 39. I thought they would be pretty low on the list. Yeah. But the us, Mexico, Britain, and Singapore rounded out between 20 and 24%. Yeah. Which all, all of that's a little surprising. I thought Singapore would be up there with you.


I thought Australia would be down there. 'cause they're so rough and tumble. Yeah. You know, set to be, That's such a sexist, misogynistic, I don't know what it is exactly, but it's just a a, a really kind of wrong thing to assume like, oh yeah, Australians are rough and tumble. They ride kangaroos around and drink like 55 gallon drums of fosters. Right. And eat it outback every night. But if so, of course they don't sit down and pee. And that's kind of like this idea behind the Sitzpinklers thing. Like it's used in Germany or it used to be used as an insult. Yeah. Like you're a Sitzpinklers, you're kind of, you're effeminate, you're kind of a wuss. You're just not a manly man.


And somehow some way German society said nine. Yeah. We're taking that and we're going to own it and we're gonna turn it on its head And. We're going to start a campaign starting around 2004 to basically train German men to sit down to pee. Yeah. I love it. They even have this, this is incredible. A a device sort of like a, what do you call the things? A duvet. A duvet, a bidet Duvet. you know, you know how mix Those up, Spread a duvet over your toilet and then just pee all over it. Nothing would splash. Sort of like a bidet. you know, some bidet has talked to you, I know in Japan and Germany has kind of gotten on that with their WC geist or toilet ghost or spook SPUK, which is spook, which is a person recording, a person who has recorded a message that says things like, excuse me, except in German there's a penalty for peeing while standing in this house.


You better not risk any problems and sit down. Yeah. So If you lift the toilet, it triggers that voice. I kind of like that. Yeah. Sometimes they'll be recorded in the voice of a famous German chancellor. Sometimes it's just like a lion's roar. but I mean that's how invested in getting men to sit down to pee. They are in Germany. Like they really take it seriously. And there's another country that takes it at least this seriously. And that's Japan. Yeah. And what I found very interesting is that Japan, I said that Germany like really started this drive to, to get men to sit down to pee, to turn men to Sitzpinklers in like 2004. The same thing happened in Japan back in around 2000.


In fact, there was a survey in 1999, only 15% of Japanese men sat down to pee. But by 2020 it was up to 60%. Wow. So something really radical happened here on planet Earth in the early two thousands that just turned everything on its head. Yeah. Or put everything on its bottom. Right. And I guess we'll come back and talk a little bit about some of the reasons why that might have happened right after this.


Indubitably Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support. All you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk. Brokerage services for us listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


So one thing I thought was, you know, since the, it really increased a lot over the past like 20 years or so, I thought there may have been something I missed. Like, you know, captain America sat to pee in a Marvel movie or something like that, but I couldn't find anything. I think it's just literally people, men realizing that it's a lot more hygienic to sit down and you risk a lot less, almost down to zero. Basically If, you're doing it right, that there's gonna be pee elsewhere that's not in the toilet. Yeah. I think men finally started listening to women when they're like, this is so gross, why do you do this? Get out of the house forever. Yeah.


Because it is so there's a, I mean, when you sit down to pee, your chance of getting pee anywhere but in the toilet is almost zero. You're doing something really wrong if you're sitting down to pee and pee spraying everywhere. Right. But there might be a duvet stuffed in the toilet for, as a matter of fact, you might wanna check that God, But If, you stand up to pee. The chances are essentially a hundred percent that you're going to get pee splatter somewhere. Some way. Sometimes. This is a terrible thing to say, but it's true. Some men just miss entirely. Yeah. And they'll pee like basically behind the toilet. They'll get it in front of the toilet on the sides. There's a whole thing that every man listening knows about where there's a lot of opportunity to get pee outside of the toilet bowl when you pee standing up.


Yeah. And you know, I was gonna say, not to get too gross, but I guess we're kind of there already. Yeah. you know, people get distracted, especially in the the age, you know, I've seen plenty of grown men on their smartphone, like at a urinal. Urinals by the way, is a whole different horror show that we don't even get into because there's, there's no way that pee isn't going places even if you're properly peeing in a urinal. But I've seen guys on their phone, like, you get distracted and all of a sudden, like you look down and you're like, that's not going where I thought it was going. Yeah. Not for 30 seconds, but like, you know, all it takes is is a second of a peepee stream and you've got a real mess on your hands. Yeah. And I think the thing that really is the judge of character is whether you correct your course, once you realize If, you just keep peeing off to the side of the urinal.


No, come on, you're a bad, bad person. Well, Brigham Brigham Young University, they study fluid dynamics there in their physics department and they actually did studies on urine back spray when you're standing up. And like I said, even if you're doing it perfectly right, there's probably gonna be some kind of spray that's going somewhere outside the toilet, even if it's just on the rim of the toilet. Yes, yes. Because there's a lot of factors contributing to that. That combined to basically say you pee standing up, pee's going somewhere outside of the toilet. One is that when the urine stream exits the penis toward the toilet pole, there's a a whole period where there it's not, it's just flying through the air.


Yeah. And for about the first six inches after exits said penis, it's held together in a stream, everything's going really well. And then after about six inches past the exit, it enters what's called the plateau raley instability. It's a fluid dynamic phenomenon where a stream of fluid, fluid eventually breaks up as gravity starts to pull it apart and it breaks up into droplets and each one of those droplets is gonna hit that toilet bowl and spray everywhere. Yeah. You nailed it. Porcelain is also a problem because If, you have a porcelain toilet, which, you know, chances are you probably do porcelain is hydrophilic, which means it really loves fluid.


So it loves to splat it all over itself basically. It's very, it's a very spratty surface that you're peeing on. To be honest, I might be on something with the duvet thing. Yeah, I think you might, one of the other things that people who are like, yes, be a Sitzpinklers are all about is emptying the bladder. It's a big deal to empty your bladder. It's not just for the 40 plus crowd, even though it really is, but you really wanna make sure you get all the pee out of your bladder whenever you pee. The reason why is like, doesn't everyone though, Does anyone pee to to 80% and be like, that feels good enough? Well, no, there's just like a cut it off.


You, you can, you can run into situations where you're like, you can't, like, oh, it's just all you get out. Yeah. Or you're interrupted. Yeah. Okay. Right. but I mean, even if you're not, like, that could be all that, like, you can't get a hundred percent out. So sometimes when you're like, No, that's, I, I get you. I think it has to do with prostate. But so people are like, sit down to pee. But this is a very fraught debate because medical researchers tend to say, If, you are a man standing up to pee or sitting down to pee. Depending on your condition, depending on how healthy you are and how healthy your prostate is, it's not gonna make any difference whatsoever. One way might help one guy the other way might help another guy.


So that's really not a very good argument for getting people to sit down to pee. Yeah. So I, I get all that now. 'cause I in fact myself, since we're being honest, since this is just you and me talking, and no one else is listening. Sure, Sure. Have, have reached that age where there's like some prostate things where peeing, you know, all of a sudden you wake up one day in your fifties and you go to pee and you're like, huh, nothing's happening. Right. So It's just going down my leg. Yeah. So you call your doctor and they're like, oh, well that's just what happens. You start to have some like little prostate issues and nothing like super serious usually, but No, but that's Such a double edged sword. Like on the one hand you're like, oh, I'm so relieved this isn't a terrible medical condition.


On the other hand, what they're saying is like, get used to it buddy, because this is just what your body's doing from now on. Yeah, exactly. Women on the other hand, it's a different story. They don't have the bladder, you know, when you stand up to pee, which is, you know, supposedly, I don't think supposedly standing up to pee does help a man empty their bladder more fully. But the prostate is supporting us, is supporting that bladder. Women don't have the prostate. So if a woman is forced to pee, standing up on the side of the road, behind the concert venue at the campground, In the shower, In the shower, there are all manner of reasons why a woman may have to go peepee standing up.


They don't have that prostate supporting them, so it's much more difficult for them to, to empty their full contents. Yeah. Yeah. The thing is, is so if they sit down to pee, they're much more prone to empty their bladder. Ipso, facto, everybody should sit down to pee. The problem is when you, again, when you get into public and you hover above the toilet seat to pee, that actually has a similar problem as when you're standing up to pee. But really, if that's your choice, I feel like in that situation, just go with the not getting a hundred percent of your pee outright then. Yeah. And the one last thing I wanna say is I, I get that a lot of men probably don't sit down to pee still, the statistics tell me that at least.


But in the middle of the night, If, you have to get up and go potty. I just think it's the craziest thing I've ever heard of to try and stand there and still try and stay asleep and pee in that toilet. That's how it's, that was the gateway for me was in the middle of the night because it just makes sense. Wow. I remember the first time it happened to me, I accidentally fell onto the toilet while I was peeing into a sitting position and I was like, oh, this is much nicer. I love it. Well, Chuck says he loves it. I want to end on a high note. That means everybody at Short, Stuff is out. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.