
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hey and welcome to the Short Stuff. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry here. Two sitting in for Dave. And this is Short Stuff, kind of sports related, but real pop culture to tell you the truth. Yeah, because If you grew up in the seventies and eighties and you were a sports fan in particular, a baseball fan of Major League baseball here in the United States, then no doubt at some point you either saw on the news or saw live during a game, a woman run out onto the baseball field and chatted up for a moment with a professional baseball player and then kissed them on the cheek and then run back to the stands waving at least for a while until she start started getting arrested for doing this.


Right. And that was Morganna, the Kissing Bandit. Yeah, apparently she was born, Nancy Lee Rose in Louisville, Kentucky. She started lying about her age at a very young age as we'll see, because she had a very difficult, really rough adolescence. But she became so famous for this during the seventies and eighties that at one point Pete Rose said that he considered her bigger than any one baseball player in the whole game. Like she was really, really famous for this. She was on Letterman, she was on Carson, and she was an exotic dancer by trade, by profession. And I saw Chuck that her her act, I saw it described as part nudity, part comedy.


Yeah. Which is kind of tough to pull off If you ask me. But one of the things in addition to running onto baseball fields that she was known for that was very attention getting was her bust. She was, she was extraordinarily bso. Apparently she had a 60 inch bust that required an eye cup. And so that combined with running onto the field at sporting events and kissing players, it really captured the attention of the American public. Yeah. And you know, that's not the kind of thing we usually highlight when we're talking about women on the show, but you can't ignore that with Morgan in the kissing Bandit. Right. Most notably, because it comes up later in a potential defense in court, which if you're wondering how in the world is that, does that work?


Then you'll find out in Act two. And I think the fact that we mentioned it just goes to show how much you can't ignore it. I hope so. She was introduced to baseball by her grandfather who raised her. You said she had a, a rough childhood, which very sadly she did. She was a runaway at age 13. She was unhoused for a while. Eventually she became a, an exotic dancer as a teenager. And in 1969 at Crossley Field during a Cincinnati Reds game when she was 17, she was with a couple of friends sitting, you know, near the field level. And all, you know, the baseball players were, were checking these girls out because it was 1969 and that's what you did when you were a baseball player.


You get a little bored and outfield and looked to the stands at teenage girls I guess. And everyone was sort of, you know, the players were sort of paying him some attention except for Pete Rose. And they were like, what gives with this guy? And her friend said, Hey, I bet you I'll give you five bucks If you run out on the field and you know, confront him. Which she did. Pete Rose played outfield at the time before his move to the infield. Oh really? She ran out there. Yeah. I didn't know that. Which part? I always seen which part? The outfield part. Yeah. Yeah, he, he was an outfielder at first, but okay. He played everywhere, but I think shortstop and catcher and PI in pitcher. Yeah. Anyway, Pete Rose had a brief chat with her.


He was endorsing ballpark Frank's hot dogs at the time. And she said, Hey, I buy those hot dogs. Gave him a kiss on the cheek. He said, you're nuts, you're gonna get in trouble. But she didn't at the time. She went back to her seat and security didn't come by and she watched the rest of the game with her friends and and a sports writer in Cincinnati the next day dubbed her the kissing bandit. Yeah. And a great example of her sense of humor. She said later that her career started with the bet from her friends and Pete Rose's career ended with the Bett because Interesting. Of course she got caught be Hundreds of bets, Right? Yeah. I say we take a break and we come back and talk a little more about Morgana and her prolific career.


Let's do it. S


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Alright. So Morgana is kissing athletes all over the place. She's getting more and more famous. She, I mentioned that, you know, she did this with most of the sports, but baseball was her number one love. But she would show up at a NASCAR race, she'd kiss an NBA player, she'd go to an NFL game, she'd went to NHL games. She, I don't know if she kissed a horse or a jockey, but she did this at a horse race once. Apparently George Brett sort of got back at her in a playful way when he showed up at the club where she was dancing and jumped up on stage and kissed her. Yeah, he got, he got it twice I think. Right? I dunno. Yeah.


I think he might've been one of the only ones that she got twice, which is why he, he got her back and I, like I said, she was prolific. Right. I think between 1969 and 99, pretty sure this was Sports Illustrated who came up with this stat. She kissed the over 50 athletes, not to mention managers, umpires and mascots, including the San Diego Chicken who just keeps popping up again and again in Stuff You Should Know. Episodes lately, Weirdly, And I think this one was from our friends at grunge, they said that her presence often doubled the number of fans in the stands. Like she was really well known and she would announce where she was going, what game she was going to attend and people would just show up.


'cause you wanted to see that kind of thing in addition to a game. So there was, I, from what I can tell, and correct me if I'm wrong, there was a a, a love hate relationship with her 'cause she would disrupt games. Yeah. But at the same time she would fill, you know, double the attendance at a stadium when she said that, that she was going to a game, you know? Yeah. It was this weird cultural moments in time where someone got really famous for doing something just sort of unusual and something that a lot of people did. Like these days when you see somebody run down on a field, especially since the stabbing of Monica sells on the tennis court years ago.


Oh Yeah. This is all sort of scary stuff and you never know what someone's gonna do. You know, when Hank Aaron hit his home run, the guys ran down on the field and you know, were patting him on the back. But that was sort of the first like, oh boy, what's happening here? Like these white guys are, are rushing, you know, the black man who broke the white guy's record. Oh, Is that what changed things? That particular incident? Well that was what first started. I mean, Morgana came after this, so it clearly didn't change that much. Oh, okay. I think Monica sells is what really, really changed it because that was an actual act of violence. Everyone else had good intentions, but these days when somebody rushes the field, it's usually a protester and they usually get tackled in a pretty violent manner and they won't show it on TV immediately.


All cameras are, are directed to not show any of this stuff. So no one's incentivized to actually do this. Right. But not back then, man, everyone, like she was good for baseball. You know, She, she did have a few encounters with security that ended up pretty rough. There was one, I think the 1970 All-Star game in Cincinnati. The Reds management put a bounty on her a hundred bucks that whoever could catch her because she, I guess it announced that she was coming and they, they did catch her and I guess they got her on the ground and started the security started kicking her in the, the ribs. That's Ridiculous. And broke three of her ribs. Yeah. And you know, I said that's ridiculous because it's different these days and it is a genuine security risk.


'cause you never know what someone's gonna do because the world is crazy now. Yeah. But back then, like everyone knew who Morgana was. Everyone knew she was going to run out there. It would take less than a minute. She would kiss the player on the cheek, not even on the lips, because she didn't like the chewing tobacco in baseball. And there's absolutely no reason to throw this woman on the ground and kick her for sort of a minor di disruption. This is a different time. So if people are like, oh I don't know man, you, you can't do something like that. Like it, it's just different these days. Everyone knew her and knew she meant no ill will. Yeah. But despite that, I mean she, and not just three broken ribs, she also suffered a broken kneecap once she suffered a broken tailbone all at the hands of security.


But she just apparently shrugged it all off because I read an interview with her from not too long ago where she chalked it up to Renta, cops getting carried, getting a little carried away. So I think she just kind of took this as like, you know, it kind of goes along with it. It's gonna happen from time to time. And she did get arrested quite a bit, but you know, usually without incident there was one, one incident in particular when she rushed the field at an Astros game to kiss Nolan Ryan on the mound. I, well he was on the pitchers mound. She was kissing him on the cheek and not on the mound. She was arrested and she had to hire an attorney because she was called to defend herself in court, even though she didn't actually have to go through with it, it got far enough that she hired this one particular attorney.


Yeah. This guy, his name was Richard Haynes, they called him the race horse and he was, you know, one of those sort of showboaty would take wealthy clients accused of everything from murder to, you know, embezzling and stuff like that. And apparently one time in court he zapped himself with a cattle prod to prove that it wasn't the lethal weapon. So he was that kind of guy. Yeah. And this is where we mentioned that he used her, her bust size as part of the defense because he was gonna use the gravity defense he called it, wherein he would argue that she would just lean over the railings as a sports fan and that her, her, the weight of her bust would drag her over the rail onto the field.


And I guess the court was like, oh boy. Oh, let's just drop the charges so we don't have to go through that. Yeah. I think the Houston Sports Association got involved. They're like, this is not a good look for Houston guys, let's just drop this. Yeah. So they did. And that was the one time where she had to go to court. It was called the Court. But that just became part of her legend too. The gravity defense. It's like you can't read an article about Morgan Morganna, the Kissing Bandit and the Gravity defense not get mentioned. It's just part of her legend. Yeah, For sure. And one of the other things I saw about her that I wanted to, to mention, Chuck, was she was apparently like very crafty. I saw it put that there was one time in particular, I think in 1986, she said publicly that she was going to kiss do Mattingly of the Yankees.


She was gonna go to New York for a game. And so everybody was on high alert in New York. And while they were doing that, she flew to, I guess Seattle to kiss the Mariners catcher, Steve Yeager. So she would use a little deflection and sleigh of hand. She wasn't above that. Which also, I mean this lady was pretty cool. That's right. Scotty Pippin of the Bulls was the last player to get that kiss. And that was in the early nineties. And then she was in the movie Kingpin and as a, in a cameo in 96, retired officially in 2000, even though Scotty Pippen was years before that, but I don't think we mentioned she made millions of bucks off this persona.


Yeah. But eventually, you know, know like all entertainers, even, even kind of oddball pseudo entertainers has to leave eventually and really went underground. And it's hard to find a lot of recent information about her, even though we think she is still alive, probably in her late seventies. But who knows because she's never been very truthful about her age. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Great. Well here's to Morganna the Kissing Bandit. One of the more interesting 20th century figures ever Short Stuff, friends Is Out, Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.