
When it comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection, and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up. They can answer screen and transfer calls, as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve. Feel special. It's available 24 7, 365 days a year, and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com. Or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


Hi, this is Mike Bagley. Join me along with the cast and crew of the Motor Racing Network for NASCAR Live here, exclusive interviews. It's my responsibility as a driver to lead the sport in a better place than it was when I got here. The best moments from each of NASCAR's Premier series, they bang sideways at the line photo finish, an in-depth breakdown to the latest NASCAR news and more. It's NASCAR Live. Listen today in the iHeartRadio app or on your favorite podcast platform,


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know, A, production of iHeartRadio o Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry, who's just flitting around us, sprinkling us with fairy dust so we can fly around with her food. and of course, all that makes this Stuff You Should Know. That's right. The ferry addition. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited about this one. I asked for this. I think ferries are cool and we're gonna talk about 'em because I realize I had a very limited understanding of what ferries are, what qualifies as fairies, where they came from, what they can do, what they do, do all that stuff.


So we're gonna get into it, Chuck, when we talk today about fairies. That's right. And I think it can be summed up best by saying fairies have existed in many forms and lore throughout parts of Europe for a long, long time. And sometimes they're good fairies, sometimes they're bad fairies, sometimes they're evil, sometimes they're fun. There you go. That's all you need to know. And now we're going to talk about all of that over and over for the next 40 minutes. Well, what's really weird that, the first thing I didn't know is that fairies, as we understand them today, are relatively recent concepts. And that, because like you said, they pop up in lore all over the place in different times going back a very long time.


There's, it's not like some group said, Hey, these are what fairies are And. it just spread. Instead, groups around Europe in particular came up with these concepts of things that had fairy traits, but they didn't, they didn't put the whole thing together as fairies until much later. So no one can really agree on what exactly a definition of fairies are, aside from something that they're kind of human-like usually. And they're associated with magical powers some way or another. Yeah, because If, you tried to do that. It would be like, well, here are Irish fairies from this period, and they're like this, and here are Scottish fairies from this period.


And they're like this, and these come from Scandinavia and this period, and they're completely different. And here's their stories, which is what folklore is. It's different everywhere. The, the actual word fairy is much more recent than the lore of the fairy. It didn't come around in the language until late medieval period. But the lore of fairy goes back much, much, much further. And from the beginning, I guess we need to talk a little bit about elves because they are sort of in lockstep with fairies in that lore in a way. One way is, is that elves were not, you know, the kind of fun, lovely elves.


They're not making cookies in a tree. Back in the early days, they were usually associated in the early days with illness, with rash, with health problems, If you, if your cows all died, it could have been the work of elves, kind of an empty kind of creature. Yeah. But that was, that demonstrates like the idea that they brought, say disease or illness, especially mysterious, suddenly onsetting disease or illness like that's associated with fairies or elves in this case, And that also pops up in other places too. But they just didn't call 'em elves. They called them other things. But you just kinda see some like underpinnings of things that came to, to be part of fairy lore.


And eventually they were like, all this stuff is so different. We're just gonna have to chop the fairies up into different camps and categories, which they eventually did, and we'll talk about that later. But one of the, one of the things that they figured out, there's a guy named Ronald Hutton who is a folklore scholar from the Anglo-Saxon period. He didn't live in that time. That's his, his his focus, I guess. And he said there's like clues here there, because nobody sat down for at, at the very earliest periods and said, here's what fairies are, future historian, go tell everybody about it. They just pop up here there, and they seem to pop up, not just in folklore, but in actual like scholarly works from the early medieval period where people are like, oh yeah, this, this guy ran into a ferry and here's his story.


That's right. He did. You know, If, you look at the name as far as like elves always being like emish or bad or monstrous even. That's not necessarily true because there is a name, A-E-L-F-W-I-N-E-I guess, would that be pronounced Alf Elf wine offline? Yeah, I think so. That's a great band name. Yeah. Not too bad actually. It's an Anglo-Saxon name, but it means elf friend. So that's an indication that, you know their word friendly elves. And this came from Ronald Hutton. And when Ronald Hutton talks, people listen. Wow. Wow. A joke for our Gen X and boomer friends. Yeah, For sure. So a lot of people say, well, okay, what would make the most sense is that elves, fairies, these kind of like supernatural creatures that live in close proximity and interact sometimes with humans probably came from the early gods and the early nature spirits And.


it wasn't until Christianity came along that they were kinda wiped out or demonized, literally demonized. And in Ireland in particular, they're like, yeah, they're actually related to one of the last native indigenous magic using people who lived in Ireland before. The modern Irish people like us alive today came along, in particular the Tua Day Donna. They were like, again, like a magic using people. They were people of the goddess Dannu, who was also known as the Morgan. And they said, okay, this is what elves and fairies evolved into from this group, this magic using group as humans kind of came in and pushed 'em out into the rural areas.


Did you just feel the entirety of our DD audience stirring in their seat when you said magic user, I think that and, and get this one too cleric. They're all like, what didn't, did he just, did Josh say magic user? Did he say fighter instead of knight? So those Irish elves, like you said, descended from them and lived on in ferry forts or ferry mounds, these sort of raised structures. If, you are an archeologist, you will say actually those are not for fairies. They were where ancient humans lived. But that notion persists. The magical notion persists such today that still in some places you cannot build roads where there are these places.


Yeah. 'cause not of the fact that ancient humans might be buried there, but because of the supernatural menace that might befall you. If you disturb it. Yeah. And I saw that archeologists are like, great, for whatever reason we're preserving these archeological sites. That's fantastic. But yeah, the most recent I could find was there was a, a highway being built in county Claire in 1999, and they were gonna dr, they were going to basically tear up a ferry bush. And people were like, you do not want to do that. And they actually built, they moved the road over, so they didn't remove this ferry bush. This is almost in the 21st century that they did this. You know? So there is this idea of, you know, fairies do exist to some degree.


The people believe in it. And it's not just from this ancient folklore tradition. It actually was revived in the early 20th century in Ireland, became part of like nationalist pride, which is why it survives in such strength today as we'll see. Yeah. And was not, you know, kind of concurrently while it was, this was happening in northern Europe, the British Isles like Scandinavia, Germany, and the British Isles mainly. It was also at the same time coming out of classic Greek and Roman stories. Basically. This is where the sort of the, the human appearing fairy kind of comes more into play that lived these very lavish lifestyles.


They had kings and queens, stuff like that. Not necessarily saying they were human. 'cause sometimes they were, sometimes they were not. But they, they seem to always have some sort of connection to magic in some way, Right? Yes. And didn't like, people didn't like, like real regular humans, or at least didn't trust them. Right. And it's from this belief in nymphs and seders. Again, these are like wood dwelling, sprites magical people. They bear really strong resemblance to elves in the British Isles. But again, these things evolved. I, in an isolated manner, I think, I mean, I guess the Romans did make it all the way to, to Britain.


So I guess it's possible they brought the ideas of nymphs and seders with them. But I, I don't know. I definitely have the impression that this stuff evolved from the Celts. Yeah, Same Independently. So, but the, the name fairy actually comes from the Roman mythology of the fates fairy. Well, fates led to fairy and English. Faye and fairy, FAE and F-A-E-R-I-E were magic magical or uncanny. There was an adjective that described that. And in fact, If, you came down with sudden illness, you were considered to be face struck or fairy struck, and get this chuck, I saw that the word stroke today for becoming suddenly paralyzed comes from elf stroke, which was what they used to call it in the medieval era when somebody suddenly had a stroke.


That's what they, that's what it came from. You were stricken by elves. You were elf stroke. Hmm. Elf stroke's another good band name. I think that that's Elf Wine's debut album. Did you know that actor Aubrey Plaza had a stroke when she was 20 years old? No, I didn't. Well, she fully recovered, huh? Oh yeah. And I mean, I think it had been out before, but she recently was on, I think Howard Stern and talked about it like in depth, not, maybe not for the first time, but I think it was, has been amplified recently, but yeah, very scary. Yeah. Oh, I'm sure, man. I think it's scary at any age, but especially when you're younger too, you know? No, absolutely.


Alright, so we're in the 12th century now. Ay plaza is, is won't be around for a long, long time. There were a lot of traditions by this point, firmly established about these, again, human looking or at least human shaped, little supernatural creatures. Sometimes they, you know, they weren't angels or devils that kind of danced in between sometimes depending on the lore and the story. And they lived in a, a human-like society sort of parallel to us and were a lot like us. They lived a lot longer. It's now occurring to me that Ruby And I a a few years ago, read a whole fairy series of books that was kind of fun about these children who find these fairies and go to their magical land.


And, and it's very, now that I know this stuff, it's very much based on all this sort of traditional lore. Is it, but was it positive or were those kids in danger or, well, they were A little bit of both. The, the kids weren't in danger. It was kinda like a Narnia thing. Like once they went in there, there was like kind of good and evil to, to combat. Gotcha. So yeah, this or embrace this is that definitely does follow in the tradition of how there was a duality among fairies. And, it wasn't even necessarily like in this world, these fairies are good and these are bad. Although some, some cultures did separate 'em like that. but it could just be different folk beliefs that the same fairies, depending on where you encountered them, how you treated them, how you spoke around them.


Yeah. Could go from good to evil And it just like the flip of a switch. Yeah. They did this in these books too, actually. Okay, great. Yeah. A good example of me, Chuck, of how just randomly different fairies can be, what can be considered a fairy is Merlin from the Arthurian legends. Like he's considered a fairy. His dad was either a demon or a fairy, and Merlin was at least half fairy, which would explain his sorcery skills. And then Morgan Lafe was also part of the Arthurian legends and they think that she is descended or based on the Irish morgana that we talked about.


Yeah, that's right. One of the kind of maybe surprising things to learn is that at the time, If, you were a writer in medieval times. You, you, you may write it as a like a, this is a real natural phenomenon that we just don't, haven't studied yet and don't fully understand yet. Like it's looked upon as lore all these years later. But at the time a lot of this stuff was kind of put out in historical accounts of the day even not just like folklore books and stuff as like, hey, this is a thing and we just don't understand it yet. Yeah, It was very fian in nature, you know? Yeah. And then kind of wrapping up the medieval era in the 13th century, Christianity stepped up and said, no, these fairies you're talking about, they are mentioned nowhere in the Bible.


So therefore they're evil, they're devils, they're in disguise, they're meant to lead you astray. Stop talking about fairies and If, you know, a fairy, right? Stop talking to that fairy. You're not allowed to be friends with them any longer. That's right. And. it led to a great schism among some really wonderful fairy human friendships. But eventually it recovered. And when we come back, we'll pick up starting around the 19th century when things really got hot again.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what, buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything. At and t


Hey, everybody wanna talk to you about Bombas because Bombas has the best socks for fall to start you off on the right foot and the left foot too. That's right. And you're going to want both wrapped in these absurdly comfortable socks. These aren't just your regular old fall colors either. They're actually playful and fun. They've even gotten new sweat wicking socks to keep you energized for those fall workouts. Or you know, just running after the kids as they head back to school. Yeah, and you know what, let's talk more about that comfort. Their Marino wool socks are so cushy, they're like walking on pillows plus Bombass underwear feel like nothing but still support everything. They even have new heavyweight cotton tees that are extra thick and soft perfect for layering season. and of Course the best thing about Bombas is that for every item you purchase, they donate one to someone experiencing housing insecurity. So are you ready to feel good and do good then? Head on over to Bombas dot com slash S yk and use code S Ys K for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/s Ys K code SYSK at checkout.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong, their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


All right, here we go with act two, everybody fairies. True story. We're in the 19th century now, or we're jumping ahead a little bit. We'll probably jump back as well jump back, Jack. That's right. But interest in the traditions, I think you mentioned earlier like these sort of old traditions are being revived because of national pride. All this old folklores kind of coming back. Of course central to a lot of these stories were the brothers Grim, Yako and Wilhelm, who we did I think a two-parter on the Grim Brothers, didn't we? Yeah, we did one on the fairytales, And I. Can't remember the other one.


I guess it was on the grim Tails, I think it was. Yeah, just on the Grim Brothers themselves. So those were from a while ago, but those are good If, you wanna check those out. But If, you look at their 1812 collection, this is, I believe before that they, they were telling sort of oral stories and before they put them into like real literary works that had a lot more religion and a lot less of the sexy stuff. A lot of these were like really, really violent tales and feature, you know, things, you know, like little folks living inside of a mountain. Magical creatures, helpful love sometimes, but also really awful like violence and stuff like that, which of course fairies were a part of. Yeah. And the fact that they're called fairy tales demonstrates what I was talking about earlier, that fairy was an adjective for anything magical or uncanny.


So it encompassed all sorts of magical stuff, not just flying little humans or mps that that tried to trick you into stuff. Yeah. But this stuff is growing via previous folklore obviously, but now like real literary works are starting to write about this stuff more and more in the 19th century. Right? So people are, like you said, they're, they're starting to have kind of a response, a reaction to modernization in their, one of the first responses was to kind of try to preserve the original traditional folklore And. it wasn't just the grims that did that. There was a novelist named Anna Eliza Bray and she was, she collected folk stories from her native Aventure England and she published them in 1844.


And what she found by going out in the countryside and interviewing the, the rural people there, is that basically everybody believed in pixies fairies, that kind of thing. They were just part of the fabric of life. And in particular the people of Devonshire associated them with the souls of un unbaptized babies who didn't go on because they hadn't been baptized, but they didn't go to hell or anything like that. They just turned into fairies. Which is a pretty pleasant thing to think. Totally. I love it. Also late in the 19th century, none other than William Butler Yates published, I don't know if it was the first one, but maybe one of the first big guidebooks almost about fairies.


It was called Fairy and Folktales of the Irish peasantry published in 1888. And you know, retold popular stories, reprinted some stories. It sounds like a pretty easy gig. If, you ask me for Yates. Yeah. Well you know what that reminds me of Chuck, is, do you remember that big coffee table gnome book from the seventies? Hmm? Like garden gnomes? Yes. It was a, it was an illustrated guide to gnomes and how they lived and where they lived. It was, I don't remember that, but textbooks ever. I bet I would recognize it. If you like showed me that. I know we did not own that, but it was probably in a lot of coffee tables. Okay, well I'll buy it and then bring it over to you and show you. We'll sit on the couch and go through it together.


Okay. Oh, that Sounds Nice. So, okay, so like you said, WB Yates created this guy book to the Irish fairies And. it actually became like kind of one of the authoritative toms on the whole thing. Yeah. And one of the things that I mentioned earlier that I think is really important, I didn't realize this, but in the British Isles in Ireland, in Cornwall and Wales, in the Scottish Highlands, they as in the 19th C, it kind of wore on. They really grabbed on to that tradition, that folklore of fairies and just absorbed it into their modernizing national belief and pride.


Yeah, I had no idea about that, but it certainly does explain why it's cool. There's still this at least kind of a winking belief in fairies in the area still too, which I think is great. Yeah, cool to, to rediscover those old traditions. Not to specifically like thumb your nose at, you know, the modernization and of science and stuff like that By the way. Right. And just making sure in America I'm kind of jealous because in America we don't have fairies, we just have like baseball. Yeah. Hey, baseball's pretty great though. It is, but it's no fairies. Yeah, that's true. Also in 18th century literature was when we first saw wings on these things.


I don't think we mentioned yet that up until this point these were not sort of the tinker bells that you might picture of flying around when you think of fairies, right. With their little flitty wings That happened in the early 18th century in literature a little bit. But really the Victorian period is where we get this idea of these sort of tiny little insect like things usually looking like women or at least shaped like women. And that became more commonplace is what you think of as fairies as the Victorian era. Yeah. And the wings are typically done like, kind of like a really beautiful, colorful, translucent butterflies wings, Sparkly. I've also seen that they are sometimes depicted with bird wings or bat wings, which I didn't like that last one.


I haven't seen those. One of the guys who really kind of advanced our modern conception of fairies is, you know, little beautiful humans with wings, was a painter named John Anter Fitzgerald. And his, his paintings are just a joy to look upon. My favorite so far is rabbit and fairies. And I mean it does what's on the label. It's a rabbit surrounded by fairies in this cute little grassy area. And it's just heartwarming stuff. It's like looking at old care bears images. Oh wow. I'm looking at that now. Isn't that a great Painting? What a, I mean it's beyond the whimsy of it. It's beautiful.


Very, very lovely. And but it not expected like bright colors. It's very beige. Yeah, but let's not, let's not overlook that whimsy. 'cause it is important. No, it for sure is because these are fairies after all, not all art depicted them, depicted them like that though it wasn't always these beautiful things. Or at least that wasn't the reason behind it. Because there's a little something in the art world back then called the fairy loophole And that is If. you lived in a place at the time that had pretty bad censorship for butts and breasts and paintings. Little workaround was to just paint it as a fairy.


'cause they were usually not clothed at that point. Yeah. And so you could say, Hey censor, you can't say anything. This is a fairy. That's not a woman. See the wings dummy. Beat it. This is actually what inspired me to do this episode on fairies Chuck. There was a, oh Was it Great Ho. Yeah. Why? I just wonder where that came from and now it all makes sense. We should have just done this one as a short stuff. So we're gonna do a short stuff within a larger episode right here, right now. We're gonna Oh, great. Talk about the coddly fairies hoax, which was arguably the greatest fairy hoax of all time. Yeah. This was in 1917. Photography was a thing at the time and there was a 16-year-old named Elsie Wright and her 9-year-old cousin Francis Griffith Griffith.


That's a tough one. And. I even have teeth who said, Hey, we photographed some fairies by the stream near our home in Coddly, England. Everybody, look, Look. Yeah. And so this was a time we did an episode on spiritualism and we talked about how it was a big response to so much death during like the Civil War and the in World War I. And I think Elsie's mom Polly was into the spiritual movement and she took these pictures to the philosophical society, which is also into spiritualism at the time, and said, look what? What my daughter ca captured, here's some fairies in photos. And everybody just went wild. Like they just like, if something can go viral in 1917, oh yeah.


That is what happened with these photos. They were spectacular photos of Elsie or Francis interacting with these beautiful little winged fairies flitting around in the air around them. Yeah. I had seen these somewhere. I don't know If, you sent these to me. Or if I just came across 'em at some point in my past, they're Pretty famous. No, well yes, but also just like great and like super cool that this 16-year-old and 9-year-old pulled this hoax over because it looks pretty darn good for the time. What they did was they copied images from a children's book and cut them out, added wings to them, and then used Hairpins to hold that paper up and took pictures.


And I, I think it probably helps that it was 1917 style photography, but pretty, pretty fun little tricky thing to do for these two young girls. Yeah. And they were like, they, you know, they didn't mean for this thing to become like a national phenomenon, but I think one of them later said, I think it was Francis who's like, I I, you could see the hat pins in the picture If, you look closely enough. And yet that didn't matter because the adults who were into spiritualism wanted so badly for some evidence that the supernatural existed. Some, any fairy pictures will do that. They just bought the whole thing, hook line and sinker. And in fact, sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who created Sherlock Holmes, he got into spiritualism toward the end of his life.


And because he was just such a trusted authority on things like mysteries and rationalism and all that stuff, he wrote a paper. And when the paper was released he, he was saying essentially, this is real. I consulted a photography expert and the expert said, these pictures show whatever was in front of the camera when the photo was taken. They haven't been doctored And. it is true. The guy was right. No, No, that's true. But he was saying like, they haven't been doctored, they haven't been messed with. Like this is a real picture of what you're seeing. And Conan Doyle said, okay, they're fairies. This guy proved it. These are real deal things and not everybody believed it. I think there was a, a headline in one of the London papers when Doyle released his article that said, has Conan Doyle gone mad?


Like he was not, he, it was not necessarily well received by everybody but it in the spiritualist movement, it was like, we have proof finally. Yeah. I wonder if the last line of that article said perhaps as best if he just sticks to Sherlock, He stays in his Sherlock Lane And. that was the first instance of people using the word lane like that. Right. In a smarmy way. So I, I wanna say also Francis and Elsie were I, from what I can tell, Elsie went to her grave, never admitting it was a hoax. Oh really? Because Francis didn't admit it until 1983. Oh geez. And she was saying like she didn't feel bad because obviously the adults wanted to believe this very obvious hoax.


So you know, more power to him. I don't think she, at the last part, I'm paraphrasing, She was at a Men Without Hats concert and they're all dancing to safety dancer. She's like, Hey, guess what? Yeah, I have something to get off my chest. There been Oh, oh good. So 1957 there comes another paper from a folklores named Catherine Mary Briggs who did an another sort of categorization of fairies that involved, what is this? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, then 18 92 40, I guess seven categories. And we're gonna go over those quickly here.


The first is heroic trooping fairies. Okay. These are the kinds I was talking about. There were a little more aristocratic that had the king and the queen not to be confused with the second grouping. Homely trooping fairies, which were, you know, kind of farm dwellers who can maybe change in size, who might reward a human for help, who might punish a human for not, not helping or being unkind and might even steal from humans. Yes. There's another one, solitary fairies. They're usually tied to a place usually in the countryside, say like the Moores or something like that. And they will often like pose as something like a, a needy stranger or something like that.


And to test the, the traveler's kindness to strangers. And if they pass the test, they might be rewarded with something. If they fail, they'll probably be punished by this magical fairy leprechauns are one of them. They're usually tricksters. There's one named Tom tit Ttt who I read the story of and it's great, it's got a kind of a rumple stilt skinny vibe to it. But I think I like Tom tit ttts a little more. So I say go check out Tom tit ttt and his story. Yeah. And you know, it seems like a lot of this as it's occurring to me more and more, it sort of falls into the category of the, what's the, the story that you tell when it's are. Are you gonna do the good thing or the bad thing?


Is it a fatal a or a no Morality tale. Yeah, fatal. Like, like has a moral Yeah. I think sort of fables and morality tales where they're saying, well good things will happen to you or bad things will happen to you according to your behaviors and whether or not you're like kind to the stranger passing through town. Right. It's actually a ferry. Yeah. Or a leprechaun. Yeah. All well I'll be, What else we got? We got three more categories. No, we've got two. No, we have three. You're right. Well you're right. I, I had no, well The three is a is a catchall. Sure. Delary fairies fun to say. But also include my favorite fairies, which are brownies, which are household helpers.


And people will still leave out a little bit of bread, a little saucer of milk or something like that as a thank you gift to the brownies that live in their house and help them out with household chores. The very, very famous fairytale about the cobbler who was helped out by fairies who, who made shoes for him every night and eventually made him a very wealthy man. Those are brownies. I remember That. Anybody helping out around the house, that's a brownie. And. I. Just think that's the cutest, most down to earth folksy concept ever. That there's little tiny fairies that help out around the house. And the other thing that they do, which I think is hilarious, they punish lazy servants who aren't doing enough work by pinching them while they sleep.


That's gotta be where brownie points comes from, right? I, yeah, probably don't you think? Probably, yeah. Because you do want to score points with the brownies to keep 'em happy because Yeah, yeah. In addition to helping kindness, helping out kindness If, you don't reward them. They will sometimes start stealing. They'll make your milk go bad, they'll make it impossible for butter to churn into butter. They, they can mess you up, you don't wanna mess with them. But If, you keep 'em happy. Like you definitely want a brownie in your house. They make your farts hang in the air long after it's it's Fast. Yeah, I know that kind of brownie. So finally there are nature fairies. These are the kind of water sprites and river sprites you were talking about.


These spirits that dwell in nature, it's very self-explanatory. They protect animals usually and deal with the animals out there. Yeah. And then there's the catchall category that I mentioned, boo. Which are the scariest ones like the giants and the hags and the monsters of the, of the group. Like yes, I get that. That that is part of original fairy lower and like the widest possible use of the term ferry. But we've evolved so far beyond that. Agree. But how are gonna include like a monster and a giant into the fa the ferry categories. Yeah, totally. Giant's a giant. Exactly. They're their own thing. Don't diminish. Might be them. Yeah. I say we take our second break Chuck and come back and wrap this up and talk some more about get this fairies,


You know friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at and t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at and t


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong, their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


This is Dr. Joy Harden Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. There are millions of books on Amazon, so there's a reading feeling for everyone. So if you're after that excited haha feeling like when you discover you have a lot in common with Vikings or something, Amazon has books for you. Or maybe you enjoy the sort of nervous ha ha that comes when the hero barely escapes the zombies. Or maybe you like the smug that comes when the villain gets what he deserves. You know, Amazon has it all. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits.


Okay Chuck. So by the 19th century, early 20th century like fairies were starting to congeal all these different threads were starting to kind of come together and yeah, they were solidifying like so much Jello pudding. Yeah. Remember the skin on top of that stuff Of just like jello or the pudding? The jello pudding. I don't remember if it sat out, would it get a little topper As it sat? It would almost invariably like create like a A shell, a skin at the top And. it was skin And, it was flimsy and rubbery and like you did not want it. But I think some real sickos liked the skin of the pudding.


It's right here that I have to quickly sidetrack about a movie I just saw called The Substance. Okay. Have you read about this Yet? No. It's the new movie with Demi Moore and Margaret Qually. That is a body horror film. Oh yeah. To say the least. Okay. If, you're into body horror. This is the, the going to go down in history is the all time leader in that category. It is the most foul, horrifying, disgusting but great thing that I've ever seen in my life. I gotta see this. Are you into that kind Of thing? Yeah, I mean I like all kinds of horror. Body horror is not my leading type of horror. It's usually a good ghost story, but I like body horror.


Well go see the substance. It, it is really something. I got the strongest stomach for that kind of thing. And I was literally feet pulled up in the theater, peeking through eyes like a small child. So are you and holding my ears. Are you into body horror? I, I like a cronenberg thing, but this is like cronenberg on 10 million milligrams of steroids, however much that is. It's beyond the pale of anything that you could imagine for body horror. Okay. I'm telling you, I'll see that in in the meantime. You see there's a classic body horror movie called Society from the Mid eighties. Dunno that one. And It's widely considered the all time leader in horrible, horrific body horror.


So not anymore. I will be, I can't wait to see the substance man. Yeah. And it's got a great message. I can't remember the woman who made it, but her first movie is called Revenge And. it was great. Total sort of, I spit upon your grave style revenge film that you can watch now. It's out on streaming and she's just a very unique voice in film making these days. I'll check that. And a great message in this new one about women and aging and youth obsession with youth culture and stuff like that. From what you described, the message is, Yeah, it's, it's tough man. Good to see it. It's, I cannot get some of this stuff outta my head. Okay, so let's get back to fairy, shall we? Yeah, that all started with pudding skin by the way.


So yeah, Fair's congealing, Let your mind run wild with that association. Okay, so by this time fairies have are, they're kind of becoming dual. They can be different kinds of sizes. They can be ugly or beautiful. And then from that point on, like they either have one or the other. Usually polar extremes, right? So like they're either immortal or they don't have souls. So when they die they just perish completely. Or they're, they're fallen angels but they're not demonic. Or wait, remember they're maybe unbaptized babies. Like there's there as as disparate and weird as it sounds like it's still way more put together than the Yeah, the threads used to be before the 19th century.


Yeah, for sure. Sometimes there are solo fairies, sometimes they are in little small communities or families. We have mentioned that a lot of times they live out in rural areas in caves and wells and hide holes, other sort of bucolic rural spots, mounds and, and holes in the ground, things like that. Sometimes there is a fairy land, like in these books that I read Ruby, where things are just magical and wonderful or can go really wrong. A lot of times the the beauty is an illusion. So there are some stories like if a human comes along and a and says the right spell or applies a magic ointment, they will be awakened to the true reality that everything is, all the treasure is garbage and the food is poison and stuff like that.


I found that interesting because the magic ointment jumped out at me because they also prescribed a magic ointment for witchcraft and to become a werewolf. And I don't remember what drug they, what hallucinogen they thought was in that magic ointment. But I suspect, yeah, they're referring to the same magic ointment that would make you trip balls. Right. Oh, that's funny. Not Tim Malls trip balls. They can't cross rivers usually or any kind of running water. Yeah, that's a big one. Holy water is not great for them. Right. No, and this is where the, the influence of the Christian Church came in.


They don't like holy water, they don't like cold iron church bells really drive them. They sound like nails on a chalkboard to 'em. And in fact, like just talking about religion can set a fairy off that one historian from the fifties, Catherine Mary Briggs said it is tactless in the extreme to mention Sunday to a fairy. It's one of the best lines I've ever read. Well, you know, the other thing you don't wanna do is If, you meet a fairy. Don't call that fairy a fairy, Right? They don't wanna hear that. No. They wanna be called fair folk people of peace. One thing that everybody now agrees on about fairies is that they really respond to flattery And that they're very easily upset.


Right. Sorry, I had a joke. I'm not gonna tell. Okay. You can tell me later. I'll tell you later. One thing that you can do, like let's say you've got some disturbing fairy stories banding about that have to deal with human children and maybe a fairy, you know, swapping them out for a fairy. Like they become a a changeling essentially if you're an UNC christened baby and you think your baby is at risk to be carried off by a fairy, you wrap them up in daddy's clothes, put a Bible under their pillow. That's a good way. Or if you're live a little dangerously, you can hang some iron fire tongs or some giant iron scissors over their cradle.


Which Seems like a really bad idea. Yeah, I'd go with the Bible under the pillow and that's me talking. You don't want iron scissors to fall under your baby's crib. No, no, no. So this is where it gets really dark. In fact, there was a, a longstanding folklore all the way through the late 19th century that when a child started to develop disabilities or was suddenly struck ill, or I think was also born with like physical abnormalities, the folk belief was that the fairies had stolen the actual baby, the human baby and replaced it with a fairy changeling, right?


Yeah. And so you would kill the fairy changeling because you wanted your baby back in hopes that they, this would help get your baby back. And it was actually one of those things where probably some people, especially long ago believed that what they were doing was actually killing a fairy baby. but it also served a really grim but kind of necessary for the time purpose of removing the, the baby that was never going to be able to help out on the farm but was gonna need some of the food from that farm to stay alive from a very poor family to have to take care of that kid And that is about as dark as fairies get and there's some dark parts to fairies.


Yeah, for sure. And I would also like people to write in if they like me. Were singing the Chili's baby back, ribs commercial in their head. Gross. The third time you said baby back. Oh, oh yeah, I'll bet, I'll bet that happened. Nice. That's a, that's a gift to you buddy. I think we should close with some famous fairies because we mentioned that they had been, had had long been written about in literature and some have some of that cream rises to the top everybody and the wheat is separated from the chaff and you get some genuine fairy celebrities. Puck is the one I would love to mention because Puck was not just from the mind of William Shakespeare. Puck was a fairy or a demon depending on, of course various factors.


A medieval folklore and Shakespeare. By the time he got around to writing a Midsummer Night's Dream Puck was a very mischievous character who Shakespeare leaned on in that story. Puck as a character would help with chores around the house, maybe get rewarded with some bread and milk from the midwives but could also play tricks on people like that spoiled milk again. Or maybe tripping old lady walking through the forest. Right. He also appeared on the first season of Real World. That's right. Wasn't the first season, but yes. So thank you for, for saving me a ton of emails. Yeah. First season was London Josh, he also had a, a great nickname.


Robin Goodfellow did not know that. Yeah, I'll just keep moving on. But you said that Shakespeare used him in a Midsummer Night's dream. Shakespeare was the champ of using and describing and writing about fairies And. it turns out they think actually inventing fairies 'cause one of the most legendary fairies was the fairy queen, queen Mab who's described in Romeo and Juliet and just kinda spread from there. And they can't figure out where Shakespeare got this. So they actually think he might have made up this really definitive fairy queen ma, which is pretty impressive. And I. Think we have to close by talking about the two most famous fairies of them all.


Who? Tinkerbell And. that tooth fairy. Oh Tinkerbell of course. Created by the great and wonderful JM Barry author of the play and then eventually the novel Peter Pan. What a great character and what a great just thing that JM Barry launched into the world like all about Peter Pan. I've always loved Peter Pan and all the stories, iterations from the various movies and cartoons to the actual books themselves. And that book about j Barry or the movie about j Barry, which was very good. J Barry also invented the concept of fairy dust and there was a guardian article that describes why, actually I think I found it on Reddit to tell you the truth and the article they say that Barry invented fairy dust.


So originally Peter Pan was a play and then a few years later it became a novel and the fairy dust appears in the novel because in the interim between the play and the novels release, kids were trying to fly like Peter Pan. So we introduced fairy dust to say like, you can't fly kid, you don't have fairy dust, you have to have fairy dust to be able to fly. So don't jump outta your window for God's sake. Exactly. 'cause it's not gonna work. Yeah. That's called a Jamberry. COA original And then the tooth fairy you said, right? Yeah, of course. Who everyone loves the tooth fairy. Of course this is the tradition of when your child looses their baby teeth, they put it under their pillow or maybe in a little pocket of a, a tooth pillow that you might have bought for eight bucks or whatever.


Okay. In my case, Janet Varney gave us a tooth fairy pillow, which was very sweet as a gift. And you get some, you get something in there like a, a little bit of money or a little treat or something like that. And that originated in Norse tradition in the 13th century when parents would pay a tooth fee. Yeah. They would pay a tooth fee because baby teeth were considered good luck. So they were essentially buying the lucky tooth from their child. Yeah. Buying it out. But the first, the first appearance of the actual tooth fairy as we understand it today. That didn't come about until 1908 when apparently a Chicago Tribune writer just made it up.


Yeah. but it was around long before that. But yeah, in print for sure. And then we also can't not name check all of the Disney fairies, including Tinkerbell. There was the fairy godmother in Cinderella. Yeah. There were fairies in Fantasia All over The place. Sleeping Beauty had three great fairies, flora, fauna, and Merriweather The greatest. And that's all you really need to mention. The list goes on, but we're gonna stop there. Yeah. Oh, I wish I could remember the name of that book series. Let me see if I can find it real quick. Why don't you talk intelligently for 10 seconds. Oh God. Let's see a little more about fairies. Fairies are great.


Everybody typically agrees. That was one scholarly finding. Backyard Fairies. I believe that is it. What was that? That was the series I think. I think it's Backyard Fairies. Okay. I might be wrong though. You sounded like you knew what it was a second ago. Well, I'm, I'm looking. Yeah. Yeah. Backyard Ferries by Phoebe Wall. WAHL. It it's wonderful. And there are a lot of books and there are a lot of fun. If you have a a a kid that's, you know, like six-ish. Okay, great. Thanks to read to. Thanks for that. Yeah. Well Chuck recommended a children's book series, which as everyone knows, unlocks Listener Mail.


Yeah. I'm gonna mention this. A quick mistake we made and this is from Brad. A few people have written in and this is something we've mistaked on before Mistaked on. I love it. Hey guys, I just finished listening to your History of Glasses episodes and noticed a little mistake and figured you'd love when people write in to correct you. When Josh was listing Famous Wear Monocles, you mentioned Monopoly guy, rich Uncle Penny Bags is apparently his name. A great example of the Mandela effect guys 'cause he never wore a monocle. I'm pretty sure you even mentioned this in your episode about the Mandela Effect and probably in your Monopoly episode as well. So this may be a three timer. Any who you guys are the best ever I. hope you make episodes for at least another couple of decades.


Rock on Brad. Rock on yourself. Brad, that was a great email and we appreciate it and we appreciate you. Thanks for pointing that out. It is so interesting when that Mandela effect comes up. Agreed. I thought he had a monocle two. I just don't, I even don't believe what Brad's saying right now. I'm so convinced he had a monocle at some point. Yeah, I I looked it up. I double checked and there have been drawings of him with Monocle, but nothing that's not Cannon like. No official Okay. Monopoly stuff. And I've been playing Monopoly. We've been playing as a family, so I'm surprised it got past me. Okay. Alright. Great. You got anything else? Got nothing else? And. that was from Brad.


That was from Brad. Okay. Well If, you wanna be like Brad and get in touch with us. Send us an email too. Send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


In. Orlando meetings reach another level. Thanks to a growing list of award winning restaurants. a world class convention center, a great hotel community, easy access through the airport, and of course the weather. Andrew Moys VP of fan Expo HQ had this to say about Orlando luxury hotels, Michelin restaurants, easy access through the airport, All, those key things feed into the proper executive experience. And. while you may know Orlando for its attractions, industries like healthcare, aerospace, and advanced manufacturing make it a hub for cutting edge businesses. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Learn more@orlandoforbusiness.com.


When it comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up, they can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve Feel special. It's available 24 7 365 days a year and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com Or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


The 2004 NASCAR Cup series championship was won in dramatic fashion. Well, they changed right side tires only the entire wheel came off. But what happened throughout the year is what makes it one of NASCAR's biggest seasons Hear all the stories on NASCAR live presents 2004 Chasing History, but he climbed up on the pit box and someone came over and got ahold of him and then it was on NASCAR Live presents 2004 Chasing History. Listen today in the iHeartRadio app or on your favorite podcast platform.