
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Introducing the new Dell A I pc. Powered by the Intel core Ultra processor. It helps do your busy work for you so you can fast forward through editing images, designing presentations, generating code debugging, code summarizing, meeting notes, finding files, managing your schedule, responding to long emails, leaving all the time in the world for the things you actually want to do. Get a new Dell AI PC starting at 7 49 99 at dell.com/ai-pc. How those ahead? Stay ahead.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Jerry's being quiet and this is Stuff You Should Know. The Hair metal ish edition. Yeah, I mean, you know, we do, we've done a lot of New York centric episodes over the years and I feel like we haven't given LA Their Due A city that I know you love dearly. Yeah. The one other city in the world, New York and la No, I just LA And especially this episode, this Sunset Boulevard, the street, there aren't many, you know, I mean there's a handful of iconic streets in the world and Sunset Boulevard is one of 'em because it's just been historically packed with, I mean, it is not just like film stuff, it's music stuff.


It's literary stuff. It's comedy stuff. All sorts of like cult iconic cultural staples on Sunset Boulevard. Right. And it, it was obviously very well known inside of LA for years, But it wasn't until the early 2000 tens before the rest of the world heard about it. Thanks to the Aaron Sorkin show Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip. Oh Yeah. I actually watched that for a little while. It was unwatchable. Yeah, it wasn't very good. Somebody just breaking out into a moving soliloquy every seven minutes is the most unrealistic writing anybody could ever possibly do. That's Aaron Sorkin baby. I know, But it only worked for West Wing.


I didn't watch West Wing at all, so I haven't seen a lot of Sorkin stuff. It really worked for West Wing, But it did not work for Studio 60. I do love Sarah Paulson though, when she was in that. Sure, Yeah, she's great. I felt bad for her. Yeah, I did do a Little bit. What was great is 30 Rock came out at the exact same time and they would make fun of some studio sixties, like plot lines. Yeah. In real time. Yeah. The whole, what was the Janis Joplin story? They had to like rename her. Oh, I Don't remember. 'cause they didn't have rights to her life story. That was something that Sarah Paulson like got a, a gig do playing Janis Joplin. That's funny. On Studio 60. Yeah. So that's our Studio 60 episode, everybody.


That's right. Back to Sunset Boulevard. Yeah. So, yes, we should probably just say, all jokes aside, it's a very long street. It's a very historic street and it actually dates back to the 18th century before the city of Los Angeles. As we understand it was around. Instead it originated in the Pueblo Day Los Angeles, which was the little colony, I guess, or settlement of just 11 families. Yeah. That was the seed that germinated into Los Angeles home of Joe Friday. That's Right. In Sunset Boulevard before it became Sunset Boulevard, like many famous streets was originally used as something else.


And in this case it was a cattle trail from that downtown Pueblo of Los Angeles all the way to the Pacific. So it, it runs for 23 miles. You hear about, you know, sunset Boulevard, you probably think of the Sunset Strip, which is a less than two mile area, but Right. Sunset Boulevard there. You know, I used to live on the east side in Silver Lake and Sunset Boulevard over there is great and a whole other way than the Sunset Strip. How so? Well, I mean, it's just a, a cultural seed of, you know, great restaurants and cafes and music venues and you know, it was sort of the hipster thing back in the day when the hipsters were still a thing. Yeah. Silver Lake, that's, there's that shaggy dog mystery with Andrew Garfield beneath the Silver Lake.


Right. Oh, that was pretty hipster. I think I Saw that maybe. Yeah, it's worth watching. Yeah. Especially If, you know, it's a shaggy dog mystery going into it. Yeah. But long way of saying that it was a cattle trail to begin with and then like a lot of things like that would eventually become a real street. It became Sunset Boulevard about a hundred years after that I believe. Yeah. So there's a couple of Umto origin stories for where the name came from. I couldn't see what they called it, like the westward side of Sunset Boulevard before it was Sunset Boulevard. But I think in 1887 there was a developer, there was a lot of land development going on in the late 19th century that built up Los Angeles.


It was a bunch of different little towns. Communities there were independent and then Los Angeles kept growing and growing and growing and it would absorb them and they became neighborhoods instead. Yeah. Well there was one planned town called Sunset, and they planned for Sunset Boulevard, a different stretch of road. Yeah. To go right through the town. And so they apparently came up with the name Sunset Boulevard, But it was another developer who appropriated it and used it for the Sunset Boulevard after that town of Sunset never actually happened. It died on the drafting table, I guess is what you'd say. Is that an industry jargon? It is now. Yeah. And you know, surely you can see some, some great sunsets because Sunset, you know, if you're not familiar with sort of the Hollywood basin, there's a, it's a very grid-like, and there's a series of East West Streets, Hollywood, sunset, Santa Monica or some of the more famous ones.


And it's, it goes downhill, you know, from the mountains, the Hollywood hills, you know, there's the literal mountains and hills, but then it's still up kind of high and LA kind of goes down, down, down into the basin and Sunset is pretty high on that side. So yeah, you can see some great sunsets, I'm sure. Yeah. And I think originally terminated on the East end in Chinatown or what's now Chinatown And like you said, it goes through Silver Lake, it goes through a bunch of different neighborhoods. Echo Park, Pacific Palisades, yeah. Beverly Hills, Hollywood, west Hollywood, like all these great neighborhoods I think are in part great neighborhoods because it's, it's it's chicken or the egg thing.


Is Sunset Boulevard great because these, these neighborhoods around it aren't great or are the neighborhoods great because Sunset Boulevard ran through them. I think it's a chicken meets egg and they just shake hands and agree not to discuss it. Let's never speak of this again. Some film stuff and we're kind of jumping around between things that made it famous, but generally in a timeline. But early on it was obviously Hollywood was the birthplace of the film industry and, and you know, we said it before, if you've never been there, you might think Hollywood is just a euphemism for the film industry. It is that, But it is also a real neighborhood right in the center of the LA base in there.


And you know, it was originally just like all the other suburbs like you were talking about, they were dividing it up into lots. And I believe in the early 19 hundreds, it was a guy named very 19 hundreds name HJ Whitley who kind of, I don't know if he, it wasn't officially incorporated, but he made Hollywood like a proper town and a place to live. Yeah. I think Hollywood or West Hollywood wasn't incorporated until like the 1980s. Is that right? I think That was probably West Hollywood. Okay. WeHo as they say. Yeah. Everybody knows that. Thanks to Studio 60. So yeah, so Hollywood, it was almost outta the gate. This was the early 19 hundreds, 1910 when it merged with Los Angeles.


The next year film studio started popping up and they started popping up in a very specific area, the corner of Sunset Boulevard and Gower Street. And even still today there's an original studio from that area called Sunset Gower Studios, and they're still making shows. That's where Dexter was filmed. That's where Saved by the Bell of the college years was filmed Six Feet Under, That's where, that's where, yeah, six feet under Dexter, the College Years Heroes. A lot of really good shows have shot there. And it's an old, old timey original Hollywood studio from like the 19 teens. Yeah, right. I never shot there, but I got to, as a pa got to run an errand there once during, while six feet under was being shot.


So I got to see those sets and it was pretty, pretty cool as a six feet under fan. What, Did you take something to Diddy? Is that what it was? No, No, no. That was to his actual house. Gotcha. Yeah, I, I disavow that entire delivery though. Poverty Row is what they called Sunset Goer at first because it was pretty low budget at the time, the things they shot there. But in the 1930s they started shooting some like really kind of high quality things there, notably the movies that happened one night and you can't take it with you. Yeah. And then Gower Gulch, I am glad I never knew the history, but there's still a, a strip mall right there called Gower Gulch and it has a little old West theme and that's where I saw Sherry o Terry at a Starbucks.


Oh Yeah. And where there was a, hopefully it's still a, a print shop there where You know, you could get scripts printed off and bound. Oh yeah. But now I know that Gower Gulch is so named because it was where all of the westerns were being filmed and a lot of dudes and like cowboy hats and cowboy boots would kind of hang around waiting to be cast there at that, I guess whatever the stores were at the time. Yeah. Because Hollywood, especially this area where all the studios were churning out Westerns left and right through the twenties and thirties. So, I mean I'm sure there were other extras hanging around, but the 10 gallon hat really makes you stand out. Sure. And If you put a bunch of them together, it's gonna get a reputation for being a cowboy hangout and they would hang out around the Columbia drugstore.


Yeah. That's it. Is that still there? I don't know. Okay. I, I mean I feel like there's a Rite Aid and that's probably what that was, but I may be wrong. But you know, Gower Gs lives on, did You ever go into that Rite Aid in Greenpoint? Yeah. And Greenpoint in New York in Brooklyn? I don't think so. That has like a disco ball still from whatever it was before. Oh Cool. No, definitely not. Yeah, It's kinda cool. But anyway, this Columbia drugstore, they would hang out there because the owners of Columbia Drugstore had a telephone and they would let the extras use it to call central casting to see if there were any parts available for them. And there was a high profile murder there too, right between a couple cowboys. Yeah. I mean I don't know if it was quite a, you know, take 10 steps and draw kind of thing.


Yeah. But there was a shooter over, I think they were both seeing the same Philly. Yeah. And apparently one of them Blackjack Ward killed Johnny Tyke. He shot him down once and then he told him each reason he was shooting him and every time he did, he shot him again until his whole six shooter was empty. Like he murdered that guy in broad daylight in front of a bunch of people and he still got off And someone said, boy cast that dude. That's incredible. Yeah, I know. That should be out of a movie. Yeah, they should make a movie about 'em for sure. Prohibition was when the party scene kind of moved in, it was called the County Strip at the time and it was unincorporated still at this point, But it was a stretch kind of between where Hollywood was, you know, a dry place because of Prohibition and Beverly Hills is kind of where the Sunset Strip ends.


Yeah, well But it keeps going to the Pacific, right? That like, doesn't it basically just run out into the ocean or I guess the Pacific Highway, But that's not the Sunset strip. It just that Oh, the strip strip. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry about that. But yeah, I guess from the outset, the Sunset Strip was like mobsters, brothels, gambling, rackets, nightclubs. It was huge during prohibition. And I guess the reason why is because it was unincorporated. So the LA County Sheriff was in charge of overseeing or enforcing laws and I guess they weren't particularly inclined to enforce laws in the area. So that's where you went. And that in and of itself is like worth mentioning, it's historic, but one of the reasons it's so famous or the Strip became The Strip is because on the other side, like you said, there's Beverly Hills and that's where the Stars had moved around the same time.


So they would come into the county strip and party and then go back to Beverly Hills and the fact that there were all these world famous movie stars partying there. Yeah. Kind of really put a stamp on Sunset Strip that stayed forever. Yeah. That was 84, 77. Sunset had four different mobster clubs, basically where the, you know, mob owned and backed them. This, it was at first the Spanx, then the Han Club then club. What would that be? So Sokola? Yeah, I think so. Soko, yeah. S-O-K-O-L-O-E-F-F. And then the Clover Club. And if you're wondering what 84 77 is now it's a weed dispensary.


Oh, that's appropriate. Yeah. Like it kind of feels right, doesn't it? Yeah. 'cause I, But it was a weed dispensary back in the thirties too. Yeah, Probably So. But I'll bet it was some crap weed. Yeah. So yeah, no crap. Like the kids say today, right? I think it's no cap, isn't it? I think they just don't know what they're saying. Okay. So I, I mentioned brothels that apparently was a huge foundation of Hollywood. So there's Hollywood that people think about as Hollywood and then there was like real Hollywood that the actual stars, how they actually lived their lives and it was depraved and decadent as you can imagine during the golden era.


It might have been the most depraved and decadent during the golden era, depending on what your moral views are. And people just went Buck wild. The brothels were a huge part of that. They were everywhere along Sunset Boulevard, they were in private homes, they were in apartment buildings, they were sometimes in commercial spaces. And they even had some that that imitated or there were lookalikes of stars of the day too. Yeah. That was one of the plot lines of LA Confidential, If you remember. Oh yeah. It was a, a brothel wear and except in that movie they were, I think the line was like, they're cut to look like celebrities. So I think they had actual like plastic surgery. Oh, got you. Yeah. To look like Hollywood stars.


And you know, the rumors were that the studios were kind of funding these to take investors, like foreign investors there and they could sleep with a sex worker that looks like Vivian Lee. That seems to be a really well-founded rumor. Like I don't know that there's any actual documentation of it, But it seems to be pretty much accepted as fact from what I saw. Yeah, I believe it. So, and actually because this is Hollywood and celebrity, I guess celebrity worship is just part of it and always has been. Whenever some of the madams would get busted, they would become internationally famous as well. There were two that stick out. One's name was Lee Francis and I think she might've originally worked under the other very famous one, the Black Widow and Forrester.


And by this time the Hollywood movie studios were so powerful that both Lee Francis and Forrester were busted with client information. One of 'em had essentially like an index card system, the other one had a black book and both of those things disappeared. Yeah. Before they could ever make it into the evidence locker. And no one was arrested in any of the cases, even the guys who were caught in the act because they, they just, you just kept people's names outta the paper. Yeah. It just didn't happen in Hollywood. And I think that level of protection by the studios just fueled the lifestyle that the stars were living because they couldn't get in trouble.


They could not, there were no consequences for what they were doing. So people just did anything and everything there during that golden age, I guess, of the twenties and thirties and forties maybe. Yeah. And you know, because of that it was sort of a, you know, as Dave called it, kind of a blessing in disguise for the L-G-T-B-Q community and you know, that's the West Hollywood or WeHo again is sort of the heart of the LGTB community and Central Los Angeles. But way before that it was, it was where a lot of gay bars were gay clubs, drag clubs, I think the first drag shows in the city and probably some, some of the first in the United States were at a speakeasy in 1927 called Cafe La Boem.


But there were also, you know, all kinds of clubs there. It was a very famous one called the TRO that opened in 1934 where Cafe La Boem was. And it was opened by a guy named Billy Wilkerson who was a publisher of the Hollywood Reporter, which I guess used to be news and like gossip and stuff. Now it's like a, you know, fully sort of standup legitimate industry rag. I know they write about us pretty much constantly. I think we were in it once actually. We were selected for some honor of like I think powerful podcasters or something crazy like that. Yeah. We made that list a time or two and we were in variety once too. A couple of you know, feathers in our caps. Yeah. So nice.


I love to stroke those feathers sometimes. Well it's easy to forget when they don't come calling, you know. It's true. But he owned, Billy Wilkerson owned the Troquero and it was another one of those things where he was like, Hey, you come by the Troquero and we're gonna make sure that you get in the gossip column. You know? 'cause at the time, you know, that was kind of good press. Yeah. At the same time the TRO was set up to cater to stars and celebrities because autograph Hounds and people who looked a little too hungry or thirsty to get in there were shut out of that to protect people inside the celebrities inside so they could relax and not have to worry about, I guess being asked for their autograph.


Yeah. The worst thing that can possibly happen to you. And then the final one we'll mention here before the break is a nightclub called Cyros. It opened in 1940 and I believe it was also Wilkerson who owned that one. And it was notable, it was just a very famous and popular nightclub. But it was, it made its name because Bugsy Siegel would go there a lot. The infamous mobster. And when he was in jail on murder trial, he got food from Cyros delivered right there to his cell because you could do that at the time. Yep. Takeout food. Can you believe it? So we'll take a break now. Yeah, Yeah. I think it's a good idea. Alright, great. And we'll come back and talk about the legendary Chateau Marmont right after this.


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bissell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent. A resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing a certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours A day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents


This July 4th. Celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site-wide at washable sofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, Stuff You Should Know today is sponsored by Liquid IV and I gotta tell you, it's peak hydration season and Liquid IV is a perfect companion for your hottest summer plans. I love the Liquid iv. It's super easy and convenient. You just tear it, you pour it some water, you mix it up and it tastes really great and hydrates you. Yeah, it's also exhilarating 'cause they've just launched an exhilarating new flavor Chuck called Arctic Raspberry and Liquid IV has sugar-free options powered by UV Hydroscience for Smart Hydration. That's Right. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water is gonna hydrate better than water alone. And it also has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Yeah, It's an optimized ratio of electrolytes, central vitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. So no matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code stuff at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


Alright, We're back. We promised talk of the Chateau Vermont. That is a very famous hotel built in 1929. It's the one that sits right in the hills and kind of looks like a castle. A very European inspired luxury hotel. And its motto is still, If you go to their website, says always a safe haven, always open. And from the start it was kinda like what you've been describing, it was a place where you could go and and party Hardy and ensure that your name wouldn't be in the news because of it. Yeah. Like they had, and I believe still have a strict policy among their staff. Like you do not talk about what you see at the hotel.


And the reason why is they figured out very early on that If you can provide like that level of discretion or privacy, you're going to be, you're in good. Like the, the word of mouth alone is going to keep you in business for decades. And clearly that worked out for more than a century or almost a century. And then conversely, if the staff started gossiping or talking about what they saw or started selling their stories to papers or tabloids, like the Chateau Marmont would've gone outta business in six months essentially. So they, I don't know how they managed to do it to keep people from, you know, rumor mongering or anything like that, but they seem to have quite successfully over the years.


Yeah. And I was delighted to see today and, and for a while, kind of during the early COVID years, I remember it was closed down and it was supposedly gonna reopen as a sort of like a members only you could buy places or maybe live in them long term or something. I can't remember what the plan was and it bummed me out 'cause I'd never had a chance to stay there. But I went today and apparently it's a hotel again and I don't know if those plans are completely off or what or what happened, But it looks like you can stay there. I have never stayed there. But I have mentioned before, I have partied in the John Beluchi bungalow like six or seven times and neat. It's just a pretty awesome special place. The restaurant there and the bar, you just sort of feel, and it's not like I go there to, you know, get away with doing bad stuff, But it feels insulated when you're in there like this little weird haven.


Yeah. I mean like I said, apparently it's still very much like that and it's very tightlipped. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, I mean that's just such an iconic place that it almost to me stands apart from Sunset Boulevard. It's about as iconic as Sunset Boulevard itself in my opinion. Yeah, agreed. And it was right there at sort of that junction where that very famously had that big Marlboro Man poster ad for Oh yeah. Forever. That thing was up. There was one other thing. Dave helped us with this and he turned up a quote from the guy who used to run Columbia pictures, I think in the thirties. His name was Harry Cohen. And he used to tell his actors, If you must get in trouble, do it at the Chateau Marmont.


Yeah. Because nobody's gonna find out about it. Like that hotel could even keep people's names outta the paper when someone died in their hotel. The death would get reported, but the papers would not report the person's name in a lot of cases. It's gotta be NDAs I guess. But I mean this is long before there were NDAs, you know? Oh, I don't know when those Came along. I mean certainly they weren't around in the 1930s, I wouldn't think. I think just the studio heads would send go Don't break your Legs. Break your legs. Yeah. Down the street from the Chateau was another very famous, well eventually a hotel. It was called The Garden of Allah. And you should look this place up If you, if you're, you know, someplace where you're not not driving and look at pictures of it.


It was pretty wondrous. I think it was a few acres named for its original owner. It was a silent film star named Ala Na Mova. And Ala had a lot of money and bought a mansion there in 1918. And then when things, it was sort of like, hey, come and party. It was sort of like the New York salons at the time, like the elite would party there. And I think Naze Mova was coined the phrase sewing circles as code for lesbian and bisexual actresses at the time. Yeah. I saw her described as the sic mother of Hollywood. Like she is A-L-G-B-T-Q icon from still today, but from this era. And she was really famous and made a lot of money.


Apparently at one point she was making $13,000 a week, which is $276,000 a week today. And so according to the moral codes of the time, this was decadent and depraved. But it was a safe place for the stars who were closeted lesbians or closeted bisexual to like come and like have affairs or make relationships or whatever. It was just a, a really safe space. And Naza Mova was the reason why like she managed to like keep a lid on that as well while still like everybody went and had fun. Yeah, totally. And you know, it went from a private house where she hosted these salons to after the silent film era, she didn't make the transition to the talkies so well and so it was a little down on her luck financially and remodeled it as a hotel in 1927 and it became sort of the same version of the same thing, but as a hotel.


Yeah, for sure. And I think as a hotel it might've been less of a safe space, but probably still carried it on some, like from what I understand, when it was her house, like it was Lesbian Central essentially. And then once it became a hotel it was much more open to I think everybody Yeah, for sure. It's now a strip mall. It was demolished fully, unfortunately. But you can go look at great pictures of it. It was across from the very famous Schwab's pharmacy, which was a lot of things. There was, I think from the movie 1951 Sunset Boulevard man, the great Billy Wilder movie. That Is such a good movie, you Mean? Oh, it's unbelievable.


William Holden as a washed up screenwriter says, after that I drove down to headquarters. That's the way a lot of us think about Schwab's kind of a combination office coffee clutch and waiting room waiting waiting for the gravy train. Yeah. And that's what it was. It was this weird combo where you could go seen and be seen and also sit around and you know, wait for the phone to ring. Yeah. They had this lunch counter that apparently it was pretty good 'cause a lot of stars went there, but they didn't discriminate. It wasn't like you could be an aspiring actor who's getting nowhere and you're sitting there almost literally rubbing elbows at this lunch counter with Marlon Brando or something like that. Like it was just people coming together from all walks of life.


And I thought that was pretty cool. But it made it legendary. I mean, just basically anywhere that stars went on Sunset Boulevard automatically became legendary. And now they're all RiteAid or Chase banks. And Schwab's pharmacy is where the, the famous story about Lana Turner being discovered there while skipping school before her name was Lana Turner. But I think, I feel like we talked about this, that that wasn't true. Yeah, it turns out, I mean she was discovered skipping typing class at Hollywood High School, but she was discovered at the Top Hat Malt shop, not at Schwab's. Right. And I guess Schwab's just filled in for Top Hat because it was much more famous. Maybe, I don't know. Yeah, probably. But that same Billy Wilkerson who founded Cyros and the Hollywood Reporter, he's apparently the one who discovered her.


Oh yeah, that's right. It's all true. Except for the Schwabs part As we move into the sixties, is when the Sunset Strip, you know, particularly became part of the, kind of the seat of the counterculture of Los Angeles in the 1950s. A lot of money went to Vegas when Vegas was first opening up. Yeah. And so rents fell lower on the strip. So like some grittier nightclubs moved in. And I think you found too where Vegas, If you played in Vegas, you needed to at least like have a reputation in la so that's why a lot of bands played there. Yeah, Well no, the mob had enough money that they could pay you just such a fat contract that part of the contract was you can't go play lat play because we want people, people to come to Vegas.


Right. So all of the entertainers and performers left the Sunset Strip and went to Vegas. So the club started having trouble. Ah, okay. And then they started bringing in Black Acts, Motown r and b. Otis Redding very famously played at, I can't remember what, what club with Bob Dylan watching him, just a gog. And sadly the, the sudden appearance of black performers on the Sunset Strip actually depressed real estate values even further. And so as rock and roll kind of came along, young entrepreneurs who wanted to open rock clubs were able to afford these spaces along the Sunset Strip.


Ah. And that's how it went from, you know, glamorous Frank Sinatra to grungy rock clubs. There was a, a transition, a swing from the r and b artists of, of the time playing the Sunset Strip for a little while in between those things. Oh, okay. That makes sense. So then it became more rock and roll, because that's when the Whiskey A Go-Go opened in 64 venue have still not been to, they just don't have a lot of stuff that I'm into anymore. It's a lot of, still a lot of like metal and like metal tribute bands and stuff like that. But I, I'm gonna make it a point just to go at some point just so I can be in that room. But that became sort of the epicenter of the counterculture in youth culture.


Right. And Whiskey A Gogo, if you've heard of Go-Go dancing, it comes from the, the Whiskey A Gogo, like literally, Yeah. There was a, a DJ at the whiskey named Joni Levine and the DJ booth was in a a glass case, I'm not sure if it's still there or not, But it was several tens of feet off of the, the dance floor just over it. And when she was spinning records, she would just kind of dance and she had a certain way of dancing and she would wear very short skirts and long white boots and the like. She started the Go-Go dancing trend of the sixties single-handedly, essentially everybody started kind of mimicking her and it was all at the Whiskey. Go-Go. Yeah. If you heard of the Rock Band The Doors, the Rock Band Without a Bass player featuring Jim Morrison and others Ray Manza, I remember how excited I was in eighth grade when that movie came out.


Oh, I was, I was a freshman psych in college Psych. Yeah, I was too. That's cool that you were psyched at that age because it felt like colleges when everyone got into the doors for a couple of years and that was definitely me and the whiskey certainly featured heavily because they were the house band for basically a summer in 1966 and you know, everyone of the day played there. It's not a very big venue either. I don't know what the capacity is, But it feels like just by looking at it, it's probably under a thousand. Oh yeah, I would definitely say that. I mean imagine seeing Led Zeppelin or Jimi Hendrix, like in a small room like that. Yeah. I mean I can't imagine seeing them period. Much less in a small room. And then one other thing about the whiskey Go-Go.


I think it's probably the greatest club name of all time. And I looked up why or where Gogo came from and apparently go for a little while was slang for fashionable and it just kind of morphed into Gogo that's super fashionable. Fashionable or cool. Right. Doub e fashionable. So the Whiskey Gogo was very fashionable. I guess A rare in show lookup it's a capacity of 500. So yeah. That's that's Amazing. Oh wow. Yeah, that's like a Stuff You Should Know show in our hometown of Atlanta Wow. In the mid sixties is when cruising the strips became like a real thing with, you know, basically people just would get in their cars, get in their convertibles, get on their motorcycles and just drive up and down the Sunset Strip.


If you've ever seen the movie American Graffiti, even though that drive-in was filmed in on Van Ness, because Mel's Drive-in is a, a small chain. I think it was, it was supposed to be the one on the Sunset Strip if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, definitely. That whole LA youth culture and car culture that produced the Beach Boys and all that, that's when it was set. Right. And I think it actually Happy Days was essentially spun off of American Graffiti. What's his name? Richie Cunningham. Richie Cunningham. Ron Howard Baby. Yes. He was an American Graffiti essentially playing Richie Cunningham. Yeah. Right before Happy Days started.


So I never Thought about that. Yeah. One little thing about that I, I was looking up Mel's Drive and American Graffiti and I ran across, there was a list of suggested names from the studio instead of American Graffiti. And it's even on like Lucas Film stationary or something like that. One of them was Burger City, they considered naming that movie, burger City. Wow. We should write a script called Burger City. See if we can get it developed. Yeah, I think that'd be great. Or Good Burger. That'd be an equally weird name. Isn't that Keenan and Kel? Yeah, I was just kidding. Have you ever seen that movie? I never saw it. That was, was it a movie or a show? It was a movie. It was like the Kenan and Kel movie.


Oh, okay. Yeah, Yeah. He's the best. Well I dunno much about Kel, but Keenan's awesome. I love that guy. Yeah, I agree. 66 was when a club called Pandora's Box famously became the sort of heart of what was known as the riot on Sunset Strip. The LA Sheriff's Department had forced a 10 o'clock curfew for teenagers, basically anyone under 18. And on November 12th of 66 is when thousands of young teenage hippies protested. They sat down in the street in front of Pandora's box, blocked traffic and it ended pretty violently. Cops came in and Steven Stills wrote the famous protest song for what it's worth.


'cause he witnessed that event. Yeah. They just came in with police batons of flying cracking heads. It's like LAPD. Will you ever change? Mm, maybe. Maybe not. The signs are not pointing to a definite yes at this point yet. And if you're thinking, I don't know the song for what it's worth, it's the song You You better stop. Hey, what's that sound everybody? Look what's going down. You just probably don't remember it as having the name for what it's worth. No, because it's one of those, those songs that just, the title just doesn't fit the other part I think. But yeah, Buffalo Springfield. Yeah, it's a good song. Love it. Steven Sills.


Did you see that? No, thanks Steve. Oh, did he not put the T in there? No. Steven Sills. I loved it. Crosby Sills, NAS and Yawn. Oh man, we love Dave here. We love him. So we should talk a little bit about the Black Cat Tavern because Black Cat Tavern was a home of one of the first major L-G-B-T-Q protest in the United States. Certainly a couple of years before Stonewall even. Yeah, two years before Stonewall you said. Right? Yeah. And I think on New Year's Eve the cops came in the LAPD again, or the Sheriff's Office, I'm not sure which one.


They started cracking heads. They started just beating up the gay patrons there for being gay. They accused them of lewd conduct or whatever. I think you turned up that two men were caught kissing and that's essentially what started the beatings, is that correct? Yeah. I mean they ended up arresting 14 people, but those two men ended up getting convicted and had to register as sex offenders for kissing Jesus each other. The Supreme Court of the United States refused to hear their appeal and so they took away their liquor license in May I believe was 67 shortly after the protest on February 11th because of the raid on New Year's Eve. And they had to shut down, I think it reopened to several other gay bars over the years until 2011.


And when it reopened in 2012 as A Rite Aid As the Black Cat, it was a restaurant this time they paid honor to its roots a by naming it that and having kind of the same logo but just the historical significance is on display there with photographs and a plaque. And this is in the Silver Lake side, this is not on the strip. And in 2022 it was a, it was duplex in a very small sort of two-sided building. Shake Shack opened up on the other side and the adjacent space and apparently dominated with their signage. And everyone got really, really mad at that and it didn't last long. Shake Shack there is now closed. You know, one of the most interesting things I've ever seen is a story about Shake Shack, the original one in whatever park it's in in New York.


Okay. You, me and I were there. We were in line, very long line and the line goes through the park. So there's a lot of trees overhead. Oh yeah, I know that one. And this guy, I'm not sure what park it is, I guess it doesn't matter, but this guy who was either one or two in behind us in line suddenly was surrounded by bird poop. It just formed like a halo around his body. And everyone like turned around looking for the poop that had surely gotten on the guy and he had nothing on him. Somehow the poop had all magically fallen within inches of his body all around him without actually getting on him. And that's everyone in the line who knew what happened was just like, that is one of the most amazing things I've ever seen.


That guy was so happy he was not covering ticket. Yeah. Go buy a lottery ticket. Yeah, exactly. That's amazing. I think My shake check story, I Don't think I've ever heard that. I didn't know that was the first one either. Yeah, I think it's the first one. It was just in the park. Yeah, It's a, it's like, it's near Union Square. I don't know what the park is either though. And then one other thing about the Black Cat Tavern, it, it's, you know, obviously like people are like, this happened, you know, before the Stonewall raid. It might have even happened before the Compton's Cafeteria riot. And the fact that it's compared to Stonewall, it makes you think that, that it was, there was a riot involved. It wasn't, it was a dignified organized protest. But it's the first recorded L-G-B-T-Q protest in American history.


Yeah, that's what, that's its big claim to fame. Amazing. I feel like that's a great time for a break. Totally. And we'll segue into the seventies right after this


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bissell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know, how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent. A resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them. 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they're can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents


This July 4th. Celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th. Get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


This episode of Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by Human Footprint Season two on PBS and the PBS app. The Emmy nominated series returns to reveal the global impact of earth's most ingenious and most destructive species, humans. Every Coffee cup, every outfit, every glass of water connects to a global web of survival that will change how you see the world journey across continence with host and Princeton biologist Shane Campbell Staton and witness firsthand how our choices reshaped the planet. That's right. Go down the Colorado River to expose humanity's age old obsession with controlling water. Follow him from New York supermarkets to rural Thailand. Discovering how grocery stores didn't just change shopping, they rewired civilization itself. Yeah. And discover Chili's, textile graveyards where your shirts true cost lies buried. Explore biotech labs and beaver ponds to uncover the species we've recruited as biological allies. And discover fossils, ent tombed in tar and cells frozen in time, tracing the arc of extinction from prehistory to the present. See Your world differently. Watch human footprint season two on PBS.


Okay, so the seventies, which we just segued into this was where the rock clubs like kind of transitioned from hippie rock to all sorts of different stuff. Proto punk, glam rock, eventually hair metal as we'll see. And there were three big clubs, rock clubs that were around at the time. There was the Roxy Theater, Rodney's, English, disco, and Griss. Those were the three that were like the, the three big rock clubs in the seventies. That kind of kicked off that transition from what I understand. Yeah. And Griss is best known for Van Halen.


Baby Van Halen was known for two things in their early days before they put a record out. It was playing backyard parties in Pasadena where they lived and being the house band at GRI for like years. Did you know that Van Halen was from California? Yeah, I didn't of, I always thought they were a Dutch band. No, I mean Eddie and Alex were Dutch by heritage and I think they were even born there. Maybe David Lee Roth isn't Dutch? No. Have you ever heard him talk? Sure. Huh. Right. That's Dutch. I think you're right. I mean I, I'm a big Van Halen guy, so I've studied and read all the books. But there's one in particular, oh God, is it called Becoming Van Halen?


It's the most intense, like, I don't know how this guy got this information, but it's the most intense detailing of pre record contract Van Halen that I've ever heard of in my life. It Oh wow. It, wow. It was incredible how much this guy knew about their Pasadena Backyard Party days. Well, since you know so much about Van Halen, answer this for me. It's a question I actually carry around with me. What was the deal with Eddie Van Halen slamming Michael Anthony as a bad bass player? Like I think about upon Michael Anthony's death. Oh, you mean Eddie Van Halen's death? Michael Anthony With Michael Anthony. Oh, okay. Well for some reason Eddie Van Halen came out and said that he thought Michael Anthony was a terrible bass player.


Oh, Eddie. You know, he's one of the greatest in RIP for sure. But he could be unkind at times to people. I think Michael Anthony's one of the greatest and he had the voice that kind of helped to make Van Halen with those backing vocals and he's still crushing it. 'cause I went and saw Sammy Hagar and Michael Anthony in Vegas played not too long ago for the second time in a year. Were you the guest of our good friend Aaron Hagar who s No, I wasn't a guest this time Aaron. I was hoping he could meet there and I could finally have a chance to meet his pops. But Aaron showed up the week after I was there. But Adam p Prca friend of the show, of the Greatest Generation podcast met me from LA and we played old golf and saw Sammy and just had a great time. It's, it's a really good show. Those guys are still killing it.


Michael Anthony is, besides his talents, is known as one of the nicest guys in rock and roll. Nice. Which really stinks if Eddie said that. 'cause Michael Anthony has always taken the the high road. Oh he did. He did say it. It was a big deal. And Sammy Hagar came out and said, I don't know what Eddie's talking about. Yeah. He's basically being an idiot. Michael Anthony's the best bass player I ever worked with. So he's whooped in All that band stuff. Just makes me sad fighting like that. Yeah. I'd like to circle back to Adam p prca. Okay. For people who aren't familiar with him, I would say go listen to the Greatest Generation podcasts. But If you ever get a chance to meet Adam prca, you should consider yourself hashtag Blessed.


'cause he is one of the greatest human beings you will ever meet in your life. Like legitimately through and through just a great dude. Yeah, agreed. He's the Michael Anthony of podcast. He definitely is Man. Along with his co-host Ben Harrison. No, Ben's great too. He's no Adam PRCA though. Ben's gonna like that. Burn The Roxy Open in 73. David Geffen, very famous sort of record label owner. And early on, music producer and Lou Adler, legendary producer opened the Roxy. And it was legendary for a lot of reasons. I mean, the biggest of the big played there in this, again, a small club, but the very first staging in the US of the Rocky Horror Picture Show.


Yeah. This is when it was just a stage musical played at the Roxy. Yeah. And Peewee Herman debuted his show, what became the Peewee Herman TV show. His live stage version of it that came out first in 1981 at the Roxy. Amazing. Have you seen that documentary yet? Still haven't seen it. 'cause we're on vacation, But it's on the list. And then Rodney's English Disco. I don't know why those three words together are hard for me to pronounce, but that was Rodney Bingenheimer's Club that opened in 1972. So think about how ahead of the curve he was by naming it a disco. There was no disco around yet. Yeah, that's a good point. He was a legendary DJ at K Rock in LA from 76 to 2017.


I'm sorry, Chuck. It's KROQ. And was very famous for breaking like the list of bands that he broke on air is incredible. Like, just look it over sometime. I don't have time to go over all of it here 'cause we're running long. But it's, it's just really impressive. And he was a, there was a great documentary about him called the Mayor of Sunset Strip. He has a star on Hollywood Boulevard and it's just like, wow, what a guy. And then very disappointingly, a couple of years ago, Carrie Chrome of the Runaways filed a lawsuit and said he sexually assaulted me when I was 13 years old. Man, Those poor runaways they got. I know. Just totally exploited and, and yeah.


Just used up as sad. Just young teenage girls and the, and Kim Foley, their manager seems like a horrible human. Yeah. Took part in that assault. And then five more women came forward after that, including Jane Wheland of the Gogos and said, yeah, Rodney sexually assaulted me too. And man, there hasn't been a result of that lawsuit yet. But turns out not a good guy. Well good for them for standing up to that dude. Totally. We couldn't mention the Sunset Strip without mentioning, especially during the era of the seventies, the Continental Hyatt house, which has You stayed there, by the way. I have. I'm almost positive that we both stayed as now the Andaz in one of our LA podcast festival appearances.


Hmm. I do not recall that. I remember seeing at the SLS, is that what you're talking about? No, this is Andaz. I mean I definitely stay there. I thought you did. But it was the Continental Riot house. It was the Hyatt House officially. Right. If you've ever read the Led Zeppelin book and there's that picture of Robert Plant standing on the balcony saying, I'm a golden god that that was the riot house. Yeah. And the Continental, just as a little aside, that's from the original name of the hotel, the Continental, which is owned by Gene Autry. Oh wow. Didn't know that. Yeah. It's kind of a weird transition, right? Yeah, totally. Alright. As the tour goes forward, we're gonna take a little stop here at the Rainbow Bar and Grill on Sunset opened in 72 and it was the people who owned the Whiskey A Go-Go that opened the Rainbow.


And The Rainbow was just a din of debauchery disguised as a a not too great Italian restaurant. But that was where the Hollywood vampires hung out. The kind of silly looking at it now, drinking Club founded by Alice Cooper as members of which were Keith Moon, Ringo Star, Mickey Dolans and The Debas and Great Harry Nelson. Yeah. And they're now kind of a band with Alice Cooper and Aerosmith guitarist. Oh, Joe. Oh geez. What's his name? Steven Tyler and the other guy, I'm just blanking. Well, anyway, Johnny Depp is in it. Yeah.


There's like a couple other people too. I think one of the dudes from Guns N Roses might be in it too. Maybe. I don't know if they're any good, are they? I don't know. I think they're more a novelty act Maybe. I mean, you know, it's got Johnny Depp in it. Right, right. I think that kind of makes it a novelty act as far as musical acts are concerned. Joe Perry. Joe Perry. I wouldn't say Joe Elliot, but that's Def Leppard. Oh yeah, that's right. That's the lead singer. Yeah. One other thing about the Rainbow Bar and Grill, that's where John Belushi ate his last meal. Yeah. In 1982 before he died of a drug overdose at the Chateau Marmont.


And had he gotten the speed ball from Schwab's, it would've been a Sunset Boulevard trifecta. Oh yeah. I guess you're right. And then I guess, moving on, Chuck, we can't talk about Sunset Boulevard without talking about comedy clubs because it was essentially the place where the whole concept of a comedy club was born. Yeah. Thanks to Polly Shore's mom. Mitzi Shore is, Is it his mom? 'cause I looked it up and I couldn't find that. Was it his mom? Really? Oh yeah. That's funny. 'cause he like, he was like a kid roaming around those parts. That's awesome. Yeah, she, Mitzi Shore opened the Comedy store in 72 where Tyros used to be. And it was like you said, it was the very first standup only nightclub in the world.


Yeah. Which is crazy to think about For sure. And so Mitzi Shore became very famous for considering the Comedy Store as a comedy workshop where Up and Comers could work on their material, work on their acts. And because it was a comedy workshop and not a comedy club, she didn't pay them, especially the up and comers. There were very few big name acts that would come through and she would pay them. But If you were working on your stuff and we're talking like legendary people here, we're talking like Jim Carey, Howie Mendel, Gary Sling, Andy Kaufman, Robin Williams, Michael Keaton for some reason apparently was a standup. Oh yeah. Yeah. I did not know that. Yeah. He's just so serious now, you know? Yeah.


But I mean, he started in comedy movies and you can get his early standup. It's kind of fun. Yeah, no, I know. His comedy movies I've seen, No, I mean The Standup Gun You can watch. Oh, gotcha. Yeah. So like these were people who all had their careers launched thanks to the Comedy Store, but they were paid in exposure and eventually they were like, this is not worth it. We're going on strike. Yeah. They went on Strike in 79, which opened a door for another club. Yeah. The World Famous Laugh Factory opened in 79, just a few blocks away by a 16-year-old, which is amazing. Iranian immigrant, also amazing. Named Jamie Masada. And he ended up opening Laugh Factories all over the country.


Yeah. And he was like, how about this? You guys come play here and I'll share some of the cover charge with you. Yeah. Like I'll actually pay you. And apparently the original name of the Laugh Factory was Joke on Yolk, like Egg Yolk. Really? Yeah. Joke on Yolk. I don't get it. Was there a Yolk Street? I think he thought that was funny. I Oh, okay. Rhyme. So it's funny. Well I guess he was a better business owner than comedian, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well he was an aspiring comedian. That's why he opened that club. Yeah. Choke on Yol. Get it. Right. So one other thing, circling back, Mitzi Shore finally resolved the strike after a few weeks by agreeing to pay the, the Comedian's $25 a set, which is a whopping $110 today.


Yeah, that's not too bad if you're getting up there from doing seven minutes, eh? They don't, no. You can buy like a pack of cigarettes with $110 today. Alright. We're gonna move into the eighties and you gotta talk about the eighties because you gotta talk about hair metal. And if you're gonna talk about hair metal in the Sunset Strip, you gotta start with Motley Crue. Yeah. I guess they were the ones who like started the whole thing on the Sunset Strip. I'm sure you knew that. 'cause you probably read 10 books about Motley Crue. No, just two. Okay. Yeah, I mean they lived right above it. They could walk down there and you know, have big parties at their disgusting place that they shared above the Sunset Strip. But yeah, they were, if not the first, one of the first to kind of bring that scene there and you know, poison La guns faster.


Pussy Cat eventually, guns N Roses would start out there in the mid eighties. But yeah, the whiskey kind of had a bunch of different lies from, from hippie stuff to sort of what we would view as classic rock to eventually hair metal, and now I guess hair metal cover bands. Yeah. Right. And in between then and now Grunge came along and killed Hair Metal, which was a sad day I think. Yeah. You can still go see those bands. They're around, You can see the tribute versions of them And other ones. I'm going to see Judas Priest a little bit. Oh Nice. I've never seen them. And I got tickets on a whim to go see them this fall. Speaking of Juda Priest, I just have one more place I wanna mention, but Judas Priest has one of the cooler documentaries around, it's called Parking Lot or something like that.


Heavy metal parking lot. Yes. Have you seen it? Yeah. I mean it's not just about Judas Priest, it's just about Penelope Spheres directed that. Right. Kinda a legendary documentary. Right. Okay. Well I guess I'm the only one who saw it, but I love that documentary. It just takes place at the parking lot before Judas Priest show. Oh, I don't think I even remembered it was Judas Priest, but yeah, I'm almost positive it is Judas Priest. It probably is. But yeah, it, it really encapsulates that culture at the time. It Totally does. Yeah. The last place I wanted to mention was the Beverly Hills Hotel. Apparently it was around before there was even a Beverly Hills. Yeah. And old Hollywood used to hang out there, blah, blah, blah. The thing that makes it noteworthy to me is, you know, that iconic banana leaf wallpaper that you kind of see, it's like kinda old.


That's where it debuted or that's where it became big. That pattern is called Martinique, and I think it was in the mid late forties that this decorator papered the Beverly Hills Hotel with that. And it just took off from there. Wow. I've never been there, but that's one of those places I want to go, like have dinner just to, it looks, you know, kinda like Tavern on the Green style. Yeah, It looks amazing actually. Their bar looks amazing too. Yeah. It's still got that kind of mid-century charm, doesn't it? LA style. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that's it for Sunset Boulevard. Yeah. I mean, there's so many things we couldn't get to 'cause we didn't want to do a two-parter, but If you wanna look up stuff on Hollywood High School and the weird crossroads of the World Shopping Center.


Yeah. Or the Hollywood Palladium certainly do that because there's still a lot more about the Sunset Strip and it's, You know, you go to LA and you're into touristy stuff, you should go check it out. Yeah, for sure. And there's a lot of good writing out there. People love writing about the Sunset Strip for sure. Yeah. And thanks again to Dave for helping us out with this one. Good job, Dave. And since I said good job Dave, that means it's time for Listener Mail. This one actually is a listener suggestion. So we wanted to shout out Sayer Delk for Sunset Boulevard. Man, that's a great name. Yeah. I mean, not for making the road, but you know, for giving this suggestion.


Nice. Hey guys, long-term listener who wants to thank you for keeping me entertained during work, school, travel, and pretty much any excuse to have a podcast on for the past few years. The reason I write is in 2022, you talked about rock, paper, scissors, you didn't think it was possible to play with more than two people. You may be interested to know that my friends and I used to play three to four person games at work as landscapers in the mornings. We were weed eating on the property and we'd come across items that only required the work of one person and we would play rock, paper, scissors, and this is how you do it. We would simply all throw at once like a normal game and a three person game. If anyone beat all the other players, then they would step out and the other two would play again. So it's sort of like a knockout tournament.


If two players beat the others on the first game, then the loser lost immediately after many games over the weeks and months of strategies, alliances, and yes, some game theory all made the work quite fun and competitive. Love the show. All the best to you and your families. Respectfully, that is Austin from St. Louis, Missouri. Nice work. Austin, you cracked the code finally. Thank you for that. Thanks for letting us know too. And If you wanna be like Austin, right? That's Right. If you wanna be like Austin, then send us an email and you can be like Austin, send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Career Changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


OpenAI is a financial abomination, a thing that should not be an aberration, a symbol of rot at the heart of Silicon Valley. And I'm gonna tell you why on my show. Better Offline, the Ruder Show in the tech industry where we're breaking down. Why open AI along with other AI companies are dead set on lying to your boss that they can take your job. I'm also gonna be talking with the greatest minds in the industry about all the other ways the rich and powerful are ruining the computer. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you happen to get your podcasts,


Are there any pictures of you online? Then you could already be in a massive police database without even knowing it. Clearview Scrapes together, images from Facebook, from LinkedIn, from Venmo accounts. I'm Dexter Thomas. Host a Kill Switch, a podcast about how living in the future is affecting us right now. Police, they are trusting this software with this magical ability to lead them to the right suspect. In this episode, we dive into how cops are using AI and facial recognition and sometimes getting it wrong and putting innocent people behind bars. So if your accuser is this algorithm, but you're not even being told that it was used, let alone given any of the details about how it works, Listen to Kill Switch on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeartPodcasts.