
Hey everybody. During Cybersecurity Awareness Month, LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. Using multifactor authentication can be a line of defense to help protect your personal information, like getting a text with a security code. but LifeLock offers comprehensive protection against identity theft. LifeLock not only alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal information, but also fixes issues That arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Protect your identity today with a 30 day free trial. At lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


If you ever found yourself wondering about your financial future, whether it's planning for retirement or diversifying your investment portfolio. the answer is JP Morgan Wealth Management With advisors in Chase branches, And tools like Wealth Plan, And, the Chase Mobile app. They have options for every investor. Visit your local branch or explore the Chase mobile app to get started. JP Morgan Wealth Management offers investment products, And services through JP Morgan Securities, LLC, member Finra s I PC


Welcome to Stuff you. Should Know. A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh And. There's Chuck, And. Jerry's s here too. And, we're just getting totally tubular here on stuff. you Should. Know. You joke about the eighties, my friend. but Swatches are still very, very popular. I I I. Never joke about the eighties. I'm quite serious about the eighties. That's Right. We're talking about Swatches. If. you don't know What. A swatch is you may not be into watches Or fun. You may not be a Gen Xer.


Although, like I said, they, they're still around. I have recently gotten into watches. Oh, Yeah for the first time in my life. Really? Like I. Tried to wear a watch I. Remember when I was in like seventh grade? And And. 'cause I thought it kinda looked cool. That was probably during the, the fake glasses period. Okay. Was It A fake watch? No? It was a real watch, but it never really took And. it I have always kind of said That, I don't want things on my wrist. Yeah. but it got a watch. I got a couple of watches about four months ago. I I started just researching watches And, how they're made. And I was really just knocked out by the, the craftsmanship And.


So I got a couple of watches. And I. The other reason was partially. So I could look for the time, And date without picking up my phone. 'cause I feel like That. that keeps me on the phone. Right, that's a great, great idea. Yeah. So it really works. And it. Love my watch a lot. And. Today I bought a Swatch. Oh, cool. Which, which kind is It a newer kind? Is It Vintage? Is It drawback? Well, it's, it's newer, but you know, they, they, a lot of the styles look like they did back that. Right? It's, it's gonna be a good like, kind of fun summer watch. It's not too wacky, but it's Blue And, yellow And. Oh cool. Kind of has a big face And. It's a hundred And. 20 bucks Yeah. Which is not, not nothing but a quality watch for, you know, a little over a hundred dollars is a really good deal these days.


Watches are super expensive. Yeah It really is And. That's one thing about Swatches is they've kept their prices down all these years. It's about the same with inflation. Yeah, I, Yeah, And, And. you could get Swatches. That are definitely What. They sold them for back in the eighties, adjusted for inflation. They also have some That are like a little more expensive. and that I think the most expensive one. Dave helped us with this. He turned up one. That was like just over $300. Yeah. And. They do have some like collaborations with some higher end watch companies. That are more expensive than That. but it, you just get a swatch swatch Yeah. The most you're gonna spend is about 300 bucks. So, Yeah Yeah.


So you me, And I. When We went on our honeymoon We were walking around the mall as you do on your honeymoon in Hawaii. And We just popped in a swatch store. And, We got like kids. And her the I. Guess the jellyfish, like she got pink. And, I got blue. Oh, nice. Swatches And even. That's the clear one, right? Yeah, Even Yeah. A watch having That level of sentimentality. I still can't just wear I just couldn't wear it. I I can't have something on my wrist, Right. but over the years, We still kind of collected some Swatches here, or There. And. Now our collection Chuck includes one of those giant swatch wall clocks.


And original One had had one Of those And, it's one of the coolest things. We own Yeah. I had one of those. but it was a knockoff. Of course It was a switch. Cause you And it very famously were not allowed basically any brand name Right. cause We couldn't afford it. So I had a I had a knockoff whatever, like the Kmart version of That was hanging, hanging on my wall. That's awesome. What. Did it look like It looked like a swatch? you know, that's What. Yours looks like Right. Like it's got a, the big band And, everything And. you just, it's like hanging a big watch. Yeah It. Ours is. So they, they built like actual seven foot tall with the band stretched out wall clocks called the Maxi That were like giant versions of the actual kinds of Swatches you could buy on your wrist.


Right And, the one We have is called I. Think the white Memphis style And. It's from like 1984 I. Think something like That. and that We went And got the actual watch to match. Did you frame it next to It? No. We just have It somewhere. So We pick It up. And look at it once in a while. We're like, wow, That really looks a lot like our wall clock. Well, I just gotta say, I'm not gonna try And talk you into anything. but as someone who also did not like some something on their wrist, I really have gotten used to It And. It's to the point now where it feels a little weird when I don't have It on. Wow. That was Fast. Yeah And. It's, it's a good, you know, good looking watch. It's kind of nice to, to be like an adult And.


Have a, an actual watch And, not a Apple watch or something. Right. So one other thing about Swatches That drove me crazy. There's a distinct ticking sound. That I couldn't not here And. it came to find That. It was actually I guess kind of a, a, a trait of Swatches I I saw That from researching this That Swatches make a ticking sound. And. It's cause of the design, the very unique design they have. Which It will, We will get to That eventually And, when We do, it's gonna be eye popping. Do You just keep waiting for 60 minutes to come on tv? Yeah I do. and that I just bury my head under pillows till it's over.


All should We get into this thing. Yeah. Let's, cause what's interesting to me, Chuck is That Swatches. Were born out of a mega crisis in Switzerland in the beginning of the seventies. Yes absolutely everyone, well, maybe not everyone. If you've never don't know anything about watches, you may not know. That Switzerland is renowned for their watches. If you've ever heard the term runs like a Swiss watch, that's not 'cause they're cruddy, And, That. They're, they break down And That. They don't keep good time. Right? It's cause they have long been a country. That just has amazing craftsmanship with not only, you know, putting watches together, but manufacturing the tiny little parts. And, everything.


That's, you know, if you've heard of Rolex, And, Cartier, And Omega, like all these really nice watch brands, they're coming out of Switzerland, And. They always have been Yeah And. One of the reasons why they're so ridiculously high priced is That craftsmanship. Yeah. And. That's just how it was. Like If. you wanted a nice watch. you bought a Swiss watch. And you paid through the nose for It And. That's That was life until the Japanese came along. Yes, Right, And. They said, We, we've got a We have an idea here. The Japanese are famous, Chuck famous for improving upon other people's inventions. Just taking them And, making them just amazing. And, this is a really good example of That.


Seiko introduced a watch called The Astron on Christmas Day, 1969. And. It completely shook the watch world. cause the Aron was the world's first Quartz watch. And That That just changed the whole, the whole game. cause you can make a quartz watch for very cheap And. They keep much better time than a traditional movement. Yeah. I mean it's interesting. They're, they're cheaper. They last longer I guess there isn't the, you know, the, the, the fame That attaches itself to, you know, a Swiss watch that's made from all tiny little parts. but you can't argue with courts as a, as an improvement.


I'm, I'm hesitant to almost say it's like clearly better. cause you know, a, a great mechanical watch is still a wonder to behold. And keeps really good time. Yeah. but Quartz came along. And It was very disruptive to the industry. We talked a little bit about quartz. What was That in It was semi Recent atomic clocks. It felt even more recent than That, though. No No That was pretty recent. It was only a few months ago. Oh, wow. Was It. Isn't That nuts? Yeah That Seems like a few years And in the best way possible, by the way. but quartz oscillates at 32,700 And 68 times per second. And, when you have quartz as a part of your watch, well, not circuitry, but just as a part of your Yeah it Circuitry.


Oh, is it? Okay, great. that you can cut back on a lot of those other little tiny parts And. you can make a thinner watch I, like beyond the fact That. It just runs better. And And lasts longer. They can be smaller And. you don't have as many tiny little parts. That eventually could maybe break No. cause in a traditional mechanical watch, when you wind It You were, you're tensing you're adding tension to a spring. and that That spring slowly unwinds And. it drives all these gears. And, everything. And. That's how it keeps track of the time. And. That's why If, you look at a traditional mechanical watch, the second hand, That keeps track of the seconds, goes in a sweeping motion, an unbroken sweeping motion all around the face. A quartz watch just ticks off one second at a time.


Yeah the second hand moves every second And. The reason why is cause That circuitry has counted 32,700 And, 68 pulses, And. Now it's time to advance. One second. So that's a huge difference. but Yeah, just the, like, You were saying, like Yes is, is obviously better. but in the way That like an advancement tech, And technology is better. but That doesn't mean That. The craftsmanship. That, it's Yeah competing with is any worse. And in some ways, It makes That craftsmanship. you know, That much more desirable down the road. Yeah For sure. but these courts watches came in from Japan in the 1970s after That debut in 69. That, you mentioned, well, I guess That was Christmas 69.


So The Summer of Love, the Christmas of Love, Just a handful of days before the seventies. I. Think right before, oh, No, I. Guess That was seventies into the eighties. And Bookie nights. Yeah. That was, That was like mid to late seventies Yeah. Well, but That famous New Year's Eve scene when, Oh, Yeah, What's his name? you know, Man, What a bummer. Yeah That was a big bummer. Anyway, court watches come along. They really disrupt the industry. And. all of a sudden, Switzerland found itself in a, a sort of a watch crisis before this broke out. Before courts came along. They controlled 50% of the whole watch market. And the world.


and that by 1970 7:00 AM me, seven years after the debut of these Japanese courts watches, Seiko became the largest watchmaker by revenue in the world. And, Switzerland saw their industry fall off from I. Believe between 77 And, 83 from 43% to less than 15%. Which is a, like a real, real financial crisis. Yeah, it's, you don't even have to know What. A number is to know That. That's a massive financial crisis, right? Yeah, And. This is not just a couple companies. This is the entire Swiss watchmaking industry, which was a huge part of the Swiss economy for centuries, right?


So it was a really, it was a national crisis in Switzerland. And. So these companies, That, make up the Swiss Swiss watch making industry. Were just dropping like flies. And. It came down to a couple me, like really major companies. That own brands like omi Omega, And, long Jeans, And ti. So like just really high-end Swiss watch brands. The two companies were all main whites. uin, industry, ag, Yeah, my apologies to our German listeners who We know are out There and that. The other one is the Sote Swissport industry. Or er, SA And.


it said That with a weird Spanish accent. but that's it. In French And, these two companies were like mega companies. And. They were like Goliaths failing, falling over. Essentially they were in mid fall. Yeah in mid free fall. And. So What usually would happen in a case like this with these big corporations, is you would take the assets That. Each company has like, you know, these individual brands, That, they own, sell them off. Hopefully make some money doing That and that, that's basically It. but a guy named Nicholas And, this is just I love this kind of story. A guy, when someone comes along, And just says, No, we're not doing That. And That was a case with Nicholas g Hayek.


Who If. you asked people in Switzerland. In fact, it was in an actual survey of like, who were the best. The best was people of all time. Yeah And. They said Albert Einstein, honoree. Do Not, who created the Red Cross And, the Geneva Convention. and that Nicholas Hayek, who put his foot down And said, No, we're not selling these things off. We're gonna merge together. These two big companies. And, we're gonna start making Quartz watches. Yeah. He, he was a, the head of a marketing consulting firm, essentially business consulting firm, And. They were like, just come in And. Figure out the best way to sell these companies off for parts to the highest bidder.


And, like you said. He said, No, I've got a much better idea. And. it wasn't like they were just like, oh, okay, go do That. We don't care. We're eating me ROI over here. So who, who cares? They were very much involved in this And. He had to convince the entire Swiss watchmaking industry. Yeah, And, all the Swiss banks. That were backing the industry. And, That would eventually back this merger. Like Hey. Guys, We need to merge these two companies like Chuck will eventually say on this Podcast called stuff you, Should. Know, years from now, And. We need to make our We need to like start making money. Handover, fist really quick. And, we're not gonna do That with these luxury brands. We need to figure out how to make a very cheap, very Swiss watch.


And get It to market. ASAP. Yeah. but that's the key. There. That you mentioned like, they weren't saying Hey. Let's get parts from Japan. And just kind of build from there. They were like, we're gonna make these things in Switzerland. We're gonna put our Swiss, you know, our country's name behind these basically. Which had so much pride and there, you know, watch Craftsmanship, And. We're gonna make 'em all here. And. That's gonna be the difference. And, he did not invent or design the swatch. He came up with this idea for this merger. There had been prototypes of the Swatch a couple of years before I think 1981. Two full years before this merger. There was one called the Populis, which was Aquas watch.


It's, you know, not my style. It is very of the time in 81. but it's, it was thin, And kind of groovy looking, don't you think? Sure. Yeah And. That was It. That was the first one, but it was not a swatch. When Hyatt took over in 83, he was like, We gotta make these low end watches. And, We gotta start making them like stylish We want someone to be able to go out And, buy a cheap watch, maybe who's never owned a watch before. 'cause they were expensive. Luckily he had some really good employees under his well employee in these two merged companies. One of 'em was a guy named Ernest.


Tom Key. He's considered one of the other fathers of Swatch. He had a couple of designers, Jacques Mueller, And, Elmar Mock working under him. And between these three together, you had some amazing designers, but also just really smart watch engineers. And Tom Key in particular had been working for a good decade or so, trying to make the world's thinnest. Watch Yeah And. Eventually he did. It was a watch called the Delirium. It was less than two millimeters thick. That's five 60 fourths of an inch thick. A watch with all of the movements. And it. It wasn't a mechanical watch. It was quartz, but it was still super duper thin. Even for a quartz watch.


And. In fact, If, you watch Scarface. Tony Montana's wearing one of these. It was just a big, big deal. It was a very expensive watch just 'cause it was so thin. And. Also, It was Swiss. So If, you put these guys who are really good at designing And, really good at engineering with fewer And, fewer parts, And, smaller And, smaller spaces. Together you've got the, the basis for creating a brand new kind of watch. That Switzerland had never produced before, which is cheap. Swiss And, innovative And, stylish Yeah. It's funny, it was very of the time, like thin, thin, thin watches was a big thing back that I kind of even remember That Yeah I feel like And it. you know, I've don a little bit of research since I've gotten into watches a little, but, but it seems like It seems like chunky watches are kind of the thing now.


And That very sort of thin. Even maybe rectangular bezel kind of watch is And. The bezel is just the, you know, the little glass piece. That sits over the top of everything to protect It. And. you Have been doing your research Well, there's only a handful of watch parts. And, you gotta know What, they are okay. but That doesn't seem to be very in as in style anymore. but they would get those parts down. you know, even for a quartz watch I think a, a typical Quartz watch had about 91 parts. They got That down all the way to 51. They called it within the company Revolution 51 And. It was a, it was a big deal like It. Was it? I mean? They're still around.


And still a huge company for all these reasons. Yeah. And. Okay, so that's going on. You've got Tom Key creating watches with fewer And, fewer parts at the same time. Elmar Mock, he had this dream to start using plastic injection molding Yeah to make watches And. Rather than get approval to buy a plastic injection molding machine, which is like half a million marks. I think at the time he just ordered it. And. So luckily they had this plastic injection molding machine And. They used it to create the first Swatches. And That helped them reduce the number of movements even more. cause a lot of the movement parts are What mount.


The actual moving parts to the watch. And What they did was they built in all of those parts. That mount the, the movement to the watch into the case itself. So it was all one solid part. And That even further dropped the, the number of moving parts needed. That much more in the original Swatches. That came out. Look at You. you said Case What did. That's a watch Part. Oh, thanks I. Thought I'd been saying like Cai this whole time. You. were finally You. were like, you finally got it, Josh. All right, shall We take a break? Yeah. Let's s All Right. Let's take our first break here. And. We, come back. We'll talk a little bit more about the early days of the Swatch


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more. And. Their workout gear's designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah, Let's zero in on the zero in short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause it has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on it. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run, or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Hey, everyone We wanna talk to you about Squarespace, possibly the best way to grow your online presence for your e-commerce store. That's right. cause they utilize Squarespace Payments. The easiest way to manage your payments in one place with Squarespace onboarding is fast, And simple. you can get started in just a few clicks. And start receiving payments, Right away Plus. you can give your customers more ways to pay with popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit, apple Pay, Afterpay, And, Clear Pay, Yeah, And, If. you want to catch more flies, you gotta spread more honey. So you can connect your major social And multimedia accounts to your website in just a few clicks as icons, direct links embedded feeds. So you can build visitor trust while updating content. Only where you need It. Extending your brand's footprint. So if all this sounds good to you that go to squarespace.com/stuff, And, you'll get a free trial. And, when you're ready to launch, you use offer code stuff. And, you'll save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Okay, so we're back with Swatches. Switzerland has this great idea, but they had a little bit of a, just sort of an early challenge on their hands. you know, they found how to reduce the parts. And make everything cheaper, which was great. but they eventually looked around their factory. And said, here's the deal. We wanna make these all here. but everyone here makes a ton of money. Like Switzerland, just for regular old jobs, has the highest, you know, some of the highest wages in the world, at least And has for a long time. So, you know, they Could be outsourced. They Could be gotten some parts from different, you know, countries in the world. And had them brought in. And maybe just assembled in Switzerland, but they're, they held firm And.


They said, No, we're not gonna do it. We need to just innovate. And, get manufacturing technologies. That are so advanced. That, We can get these things down to like, you know, 30 to 50 bucks. And. They were able to do it. Yeah, That. That's one of the reasons why Hayek or Hayek is so revered. Not only did he challenge the watchmakers in Switzerland to make a cheap sw Swiss watch, he also was like, now you have to redesign how We make watches from the ground up. And, they were successful. And. They ended up coming up with the Swatch And. A as much as That is a, like, the innovation to the whole thing is impressive.


The marketing piece to Swatches was I mean. It was just as, just as much a part of Swatch as this new way of making watches. cause Hayek was, he saw watches a little differently. He was an outsider. And up to That Point. If you made watches. you you considered watches, jewelry, high-end jewelry, essentially. Yeah And. He was like, No. This is you're overthinking watches. Or at least you're overthinking this. Watch That we're making, these are not jewelry. We're gonna make them fashion statements. Like fashion items. And, just like say ties or shoes. And, you have more than one tie. And, you have more than one pair of shoes.


We're going to make It. So these people who are buying our watches want more than one watch. It's gonna be amazing guys. Yeah And, they, they went in I, mean It was a huge risk. but you know, he, he painted a picture of like, imagine a world where teenagers want four And, five of these And. all of a sudden they're, you know, over the course of a few years, they're investing, you know, two or $300 and there watch collection And. That's a good start. And, you know, it Could be a second watch for people. And That was, in fact, if you've always thought That Swatch was Swiss Plus watch, you're probably right. but, but other people, including Hayek have said it was actually a mashup of second watch.


but, you know, they had marketing people. That came and there was a guy, a consultant named Franz Reka. He supposedly coined the name Swatch And. He officially said No. It was Swiss Plus watch. Other people in the company did say second watch. So either way you get Swatch. My money is on officially, probably Swiss watch. Me too. That's What I'm going with, but who cares? It's a Swatch Yeah. And. The first 12 Swatches came out in 1983. March 1st they debuted in Switzerland, Germany, And, the uk, And, If. you go look back at the original 12 Swatches, you'd be like, those are Swatches.


you can tell it's got some swatch quality to It. but it just is so boring. And stayed in middle of the road. Yeah as far as its design goes. And. It turns out That was a deliberate decision. cause as they were about to go to market with these things, apparently everybody, including Hay, got cold feet. And was like, why What happens if this doesn't Work. What Yeah. So they decided to go with the colors. That, the Swiss Army uses and there uniforms. So if it was a flop, they could turn around to the Swiss Army. And be like, like, why don't you buy all these surplus watches, Yeah. So We can at least try to break even here.


Yeah Like you did, you guys did great with your knives. So imagine What you could do with a watch. Yeah. Have you seen Swiss Army? Man? Yes. I have, Okay, have you Yes? Did You like it? I did in a lot of ways. Yeah Yeah. It's a crazy movie. It the, the, the directors of everything everywhere, all at once, right? Oh, That makes sense. I think so. I I didn't know That That definitely makes sense now, Yeah, Yeah, they were always okay, sort of on the outside there with those wacky ideas. Yeah for sure all. So they were selling these first ones for about 50 pounds in the uk. Those 12 watches sold, even though they were, people had No idea, What they were in for with the Swatch based on these S 12.


but they still loved them. They, they sold very well. Summer of 83 comes along And. They had a another brilliant, you know, one of the most brilliant marketing marketed companies of all time. Probably was it Swatch for sure? but they said Hey I. Don't even think people are saying the, the term drops yet. It maybe they were, I'm kind of curious when That started, but It was a great time. A shoe drop or a, a jersey drop or something, or a hat drop. but they had a swatch drop called the jellyfish. My brother had one of these And, I was texting him yesterday, And. it was like, did you have the original 1983 jellyfish? And. That was the clear one.


Right. And. He said he sold It a little while ago for a little bit of money. And. He said, I, don't think it was one of the first years And. He said, why is That a big deal? Or, or he didn't know. It was the first year. He said, why was the 83 a big deal? And I was like, well, That was the first one if I remember he got it a couple of years later. And, you can still, they still make like versions of the jellyfish now. but it took off once the jellyfish hit And, the idea of these drops, these special releases, they would release collections in the fall. And the spring. and that one-off specials once a year. And, they were huge. Yeah I think they even did seasonal specials. So a few times a year. but the, the fact That, these were just, you know, they'd come And go pretty quickly.


Like they'd make a limited amount. It would sell out really quickly. People started collecting Swatches. There was a, a I can't remember And. Deliberate scarcity I guess Yeah created by the, the, the seasonal one-offs, right? And That helped propel swatch like from watchmaker to this is, this is exactly What Hayek was going for. These are fashion items. They're fashion statements. They're desirable things. That people can buy multiple ones of And show, you know, who they are inside by wearing something on the outside, essentially. Yeah I. Ironically maybe wearing a swatch with your muscle shirt of the Japanese flag.


'cause those were big at the time. And, don't forget the headband, the matching headband had to have the Matching headband. We played a eighties set. Our band did at the Porch Fest in our neighborhood a few years ago. And I wore like an MTV shirt. And, these like neon glasses. And stuff. And I had the headband. And And. it was like, geez, is That even something you can do these days? Like wear a headband of a Japanese flag? I don't, I'm not even sure if I feel good about it, but it didn't do it in the end. Okay, Yeah, that's probably good. cause you know those hipsters will throw beer bottles at you on stage. Like the Blues Brothers Yeah. Well, but We have a, a chicken wire protecting us. So it's fine. Luckily you I mean you got to If. You're gonna wear a Japanese headband in 2023.


Yeah. Let's see where were We. Well, I guess We can go to 85. 'cause that's when, that's when things really changed, right? Yeah. So I guess the whole thing was kind of like you said, they start, they sold pretty well initially and that when they started to add the one-offs, like That, That became like a really big deal. but 1985 was when Swatch expanded even further out. And actually, I think 84 Yeah is when they started to expand. They were kind of, they like the Red Bull model of like, oh, that's a crazy sport. Let's, let's sponsor That. Swatch looked around. And was like, this is super cool. And, the kids are into this. Let's sponsor this.


Or That or this And What they came up with. First was the Swatch Watch. New York City Fresh Fest, which is considered the first hip hop concert tour ever. Yeah. It was Houdini, And, Curtis Blow, And Run. DMC, fat Boys. I saw I. Think they did It for a few years. 'cause I saw where like the Beastie Boys opened up Yeah. but That had to have been like the maybe second or third year, but it was a big deal. And, they were on the, on the leading edge of kind of everything. That was cool in the early to mid eighties. So of course What you're gonna have is people trying to get in on That. And. They had like the cheap, cheap knockoffs. Like literally some of them were named watch M-W-A-T-C-H And.


Things like That Yeah. but like legitimate brands, like guest jeans. Guests started making watches. And, some other big eighties brands started getting and there on the watch scene, like clearly ripping off Swatches Yeah. One brand was Arm Trons a watch. Yeah, I, I. Don't know What That is, but it went back. And looked at 'em. And I was like, these are actually kind of cool. They were, they were all cool. They actually pushed the envelope then look further, like Swatch came along. And And like laid the groundwork for other people to go even more crazy with their watches. Yeah And Omicron was one of 'em. And. So there's nothing wrong with some friendly competition. Swatch was, had No problems with That.


What Swatch had a problem with was the counterfeits. That were flooding the market. Yeah about as fast as genuine Swatches we're selling. Yeah Watches seem to be one of the most counterfeited sort of high-end items. And I guess in this case. Not as high-end, but you know, fake Rolexes. There's always been a market for counterfeit watches. And Swatches was No different. They were selling 11,000 legitimate watches a day, A day in 1984. And, they estimated That. 10,000 fakes were being imported every day. Man, that's crazy. Yeah, you said That. They were kind of trying to get their fingers into every cool thing.


That was emerging at the time. Another thing I saw was That. They sponsored the Impact Skateboarding tour. Oh, Yeah starting in 1988. That was a big one too. and that also, one of the other things Swatch became really famous for was collaborating with artists like the hottest artists of the day. And, the big one, the one That really kind of put it all over the top was one of the early ones in 1986. They, they had Keith Herring designed four different watches. And, they are today, I think the most coveted Swatches like ever by collectors. Yeah for sure. I mean they're cool looking. It's Keith Herring, And. It's on a watch base. So What more.


Do you need to know they went to Andy Warhol first And. He said, No I don't have time for this. He said, but You, Should, get this guy Keith Herring, I. Think If. you have an entire like, primo collection of those four. you can get, you know, up to a hundred grand for those four watches at auction. Yeah And, the way That you tell their primo is you take your pinky And, you dab It on the watch. Bezel, Yeah And stick It to your tongue or maybe your gum, right? And, You were like Yeah. That's a primo watch man. This is pure, Pure Bezel. So they, they also, aside from Herring, they collaborated with a bunch of other artists. Yoko Ono Yeah. She delivered one of course with a a bunch of butts.


Naked bottoms. That's a super Yoko Ono thing to do. God love her. Picasso, the pig That paints. Oh, Yeah I can't believe That. They didn't clean up the art That they used from him. It's just too, it's too appealing. Yeah, there's, it's not, there's No mess ups in it. you know, What. I mean Yeah. Agreed. I I, just I. Think they may have Don That and that Alfred hoof. Ho hoof T What. Would you say Mr. Laffy? Alfred I would probably say a Hoft. I'm pretty sure I said That in one of the five times. I tried it. I'm sure you did. Well anyway, he had another legendary release in 1991.


He designed three Swatches. That were basically food or looked like food. One is bacon, And eggs. One's a disturbing looking cucumber. Puffy cucumber And, another's a tomato. and that the big marketing thing That came up with for this is That in Europe, you bought them in the grocery aisles of a supermarket. Yeah. That's where you could get those Swatches, which is kind of cool. Yeah I feel like you could get Swatches in a lot of different places. Like maybe If, you lived in a big enough city, you had an actual Swatch store. but didn't they just sell them at like, you know, the, the poster head shops, And places like That too. Yeah That was another thing too. you could also get 'em at like department stores.


Like you could get 'em all over the place, right? Yeah, And, they figured That out. I read after they tried the traditional route, which is sending them to jewelry stores. And in the us. They did not. That's funny. Did catch on immediately. cause they're the main, the main stores That, they tried to sell Swatches through to the United States. First Yeah were jewelry stores in San Antonio, Texas. Yeah, And, they didn't sell very well. They went back to the drawing board. They're like, let's try this a different way. and that they started to sell 'em all over the place. and that they, they took off very quickly in the US after That And. They're like, middle America doesn't want these, so we're gonna go to the coasts. And the coast supported Swatch for a very long time.


Until they caught on in the Midwest. They Couldn't even sell their, there's No basement in the Alamo swatch there. That's Right. So, you know, there It was trouble. I lived in the Midwest. I grew up in the Midwest. And. I. Don't think I got my first watch until 1986. Probably You, my first swatch is coming in the mail in the next week. I've never owned one. Yeah. I can't wait to see That one when it arrives. Yeah, Part of it was That. Like I said I didn't wear watches back that. but it don't know I think the other thing is just like I mean you're lucky you got one. 'cause you kind of grew up how I did, which was like Hey. If it's cool, And costs money. You're not getting It. Yeah No for sure. I did too. I wore nights of the round table shirts.


I. I'm v I've said more than once. but good for you. you got That Swatch, you know, I worked. Worked myself to the Bone. Yeah cutting The lawns. What were you doing, You know, walking the dog, cutting lawns, taking out the trash. So you bought it yourself. that It wasn't like a Christmas gift. No I I. My parents still got It for me. Okay, I didn't make That much money, but it think it's still there were only like 30 or $40. but you Yeah, you know, And back. that That was a lot of dough though. It It was, but it was still, most people with a job could afford a Swatch No problem. Essentially. Yeah I was just 10. you know, Yeah I was too busy spending, you know, $8 to go to concerts. And arenas when I was 12 years old for my busboy wages.


That's awesome. I. Wait 12. you started working at 12. Josh. I was a busboy at a barbecue restaurant when I was 12 years old. No I know that's where the guy put his foot in the Brunswick too. That's legendary. but 12. but it never caught on That. It That. It was 12. It was 12. It was totally illegal. And under the table. Yeah, Yeah, And. It's it. What's so funny is, I'm trying to imagine everyone who doesn't know That Bruswick two story wondering. What in the world you're talking about, You can go Listen to restaurant health inspections is the story where? That data. Oh Okay. Yeah. And. It's, it's popped up weirdly several times. Well it's kind of an important story. It's funny it just came up last night.


We were watching an episode of The Bear, which by the way, I don't like this new season. I'm not sure If you, you're into it or not. I couldn't get into It. I watched the first episode or two. And. it just It wasn't for me. Of The whole show or the new season, The whole show. Oh, okay. Yeah first two seasons. Good. I'm not liking this one. Anyway, there was a scene in the walk-in cooler where the, the guy's just sitting and there And. it was like, oh God. I used to love the walk-in cooler cause it always gets so hot. And it would be working over the dishwasher. And just sweating with all That steam And. I would go in the, someone asked me to go to the walk-in to get something And. it would always take twice as long just so I Could be There in the coolness. And. Watch Randy put his foot in the Brunswick stew.


Man, That is so gross. Dude. Like I could throw up now if I really I stopped. And thought about It for while I know I think I. Think We need a break All. Let's take a break.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more. And their workout gear's designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah, Let's zero in on the zero in short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause it has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So It ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on It. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different links. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have It all in the heart of It all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's A victim of identity theft every three seconds in the United States. During cybersecurity Awareness month, LifeLock wants to remind you of the importance of using multi-factor authentication. Well What's That? Well, I'll tell you everybody while updating your passwords to be more complex is a really great first step. Multi-factor authentication adds a second protective layer, like getting a text with a security code to help keep your personal information even safer. but for comprehensive identity theft protection, there's LifeLock. Yep. LifeLock alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And fixes identity theft issues. That arise guaranteed LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second. And detects And alerts you to a wide range of threats well beyond What. you can see on your own And, If your identity is stolen, your dedicated US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Plus, you're backed by the LifeLock million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage. So start protecting your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


So Chuck's swatch watches weren't the only things That swatch made if, if You were live in the eighties. Almost anything That swatch made in the first five years was super cool. Yeah just landed. There was the phone swatch, which was just like the jellyfish. It was a see-through phone. So you could see all the parts. And, they used very colorful parts. Yeah to make the phone. One of the cooler phones of all time. There was That Maxi swatch the wall clock. That I was talking about. Totally. There was, this was one of my favorites. I can still almost smell one of them. The Granita deru line, the Italian ice line. It smelled Right. Yeah. The pink one was Raspberry And.


That's the one I can remember smelling. The yellow one smelled like banana. The green one smelled like mint. How long though, like after being That rubber band on your sweaty wrist in the summertime, What did That thing smell like after a month? I mean not good, but when you first got It, It was amazing. I can remember That smell And I can remember the smell of strawberry shortcake. Do you remember how she smelled No? I I didn't play with strawberry shortcake For my, for my money. One of the best smelling dolls of all time. Oh, okay. but, so anyway, not everything That swatch put out, especially after the first few years was a hit. There were some flops. There were some middle of the road ones and that there were some others.


That were like Hey, this is pretty good. Yeah And. This is mainly through the nineties. They tried to branch into, you know, like the cell phone market. And stuff like That. When That became a thing, I think 93 was when they teamed up with Nokia to make a a swatch looking cell phone. So, you know, That didn't sell so great. They had some other ideas. That kind of came. And went again, not selling So great. None of these were like bonafide hits. Right, The twin phone from 1989 was okay. It was like Memphis Design. And like the there It had a handset and that the base also doubled as a second handset.


So you And your friend could talk on the phone. That was to other good idea. Other people at the same time. Idea. Yeah And. It looked cool too, but that there was stuff like the Swatch beat, which was from 1998 where they essentially tried to recreate how We track time by dividing the day up into 1000 beats. So 0, 0 0 Beats was midnight. 9 9 9 Beats was 11:59 PM And. Each beat was 86.4 seconds. And, everybody said Swe Yeah, we've been using 60 seconds for a really long time. And, we're all pretty comfortable with it. We're just gonna stick with That. Yeah. Exactly. Make your Swatches And make them like We love them.


Although in the nineties is when they started, they started making mechanical watches again under the swatch banner. And started making sort of higher end stuff. Watches with metal cases, partnering with some of their other, you know, luxury brands to make, you know, sort of hybrid luxury Swatches And, like you said early on you can still, you know, get like a $300 swatch these days. It's mechanical And metal Yeah, which is, you know, it's cool to diversify a little bit. I guess And That. Those seem to be selling okay. Yeah. And. it mean they definitely did diversify. They had a digital touch screen watch years before the the Apple Watch.


Like they, they really have don some innovative stuff. It's just a lot of It hasn't caught on. but one That, one thing That, they kind of branched off into That. I wasn't aware It was swatch, but it was the smart car. It was a collaboration with Mercedes And Smart stands for Swatch Mercedes Art Car. Who knew? Did you know That? Of course not. Nobody knows That Yeah. but it thought That was pretty cool. It was originally gonna be called the Swatch Mobile. It It would've never sold but it think It would've been a pretty cool secondary market collector's item for sure. Second Car, the scar. That's right. Hey. you know What. Scott Erman friended the show. He actually, I was on comedy Bang Bang as a guest.


And, he told me I can't remember how it came up, but he told me That factoid about the Swatch car. Oh really? That. It's did for Swatch Mercedes. Art Car had No idea. Yeah And. it didn't know this is before We had covered Swatches. So I didn't know at the time And, he wasn't sure And it told them That if That, well We found out it was true. And I told him That I would shout him out on the show. but Yeah If, you want to Check out That episode Economy. Bang bang. I was on it with Scott And the gang And. it was a lot of fun. Very cool. So like We said, swatch came along And they, it saved the watch industry in Switzerland. So much so That, all of those amazing luxury brands like ti.


So And, omega, And, long jeans, they're all owned by the Swatch group. That's how, that's how important Swatch was to the Yeah Swiss market. That. It was like Yeah. It's swatch. We're all swatch And. That's how you can find those brands still today And, to kinda give you an idea of how much of a hit Swatch was in 1983, they sold 1.1 million Swatches around the world. Three years later they were selling 12 million a year. Yeah. That's pretty impressive as far as the whole thing goes. Yeah If. you want a dollar figure for the companies. When they merged, they were losing a hundred And $24 million a year.


10 years later after this watch comes along, they were posting profits of 200 And $86 million a year. And as of last year in 2023, the Swatch group is reporting profits of more than a billion dollars. Which is amazing. What a success story. I think they're selling like close to 6 million actual Swatches a year. Still Still Yeah And. I mean part of That is cause they release so many, there's so many Swatches And. People just love them. And. They're cheap enough. but it mean that's still impressive, however you slice it. That's incredible. There's one other fact. That, I love That I wanted to throw in. So cause those parts were sealed into the case.


When the case was built or injected, you couldn't repair a swatch Yeah, I think you still can't A, an original plastic swatch. you couldn't repair And. When Swatch first came out, everybody was up in arms about That. So Swatch conducted a study to figure out how long a swatch would last. And they came up with 30 years. So not bad. If You were exactly, if your $40 watch is gonna last you 30 years, you can shut your mouth about whether you can repair it or not. It, I think That was and there official press statement. That's Right. you shut your mouth. You got anything else? I Got nothing else. This is a fun little trip down memory lane. I can't wait for my swatch to get here. I will post That on at Chuck the podcaster.


And, I'll, I'll throw it up on the stuff you Should Know Instagram as well. Very nice. And since Chuck mentioned That, he is at Chuck. The podcaster on Instagram That means it's time for listener mail. Would you post the his And? Hers? Sure. Yeah I Will all I Now. That, I've talked about It I feel bad. I'm gonna start trying to wear it again. Just see. See What happens. Yeah, You know What in lieu of listener mail this week we're gonna do something We haven't Don in a long, long time. We are here. And your 17 still trying to grow this show, everybody. Sure. So this is a special call to go And rate And, review us on iTunes or anywhere That. you can rate And review stuff. you Should Know That stuff really helps us.


And kinda like the old days, like tell, tell your friends, And family, And coworkers, like how much you enjoy the show. If, you do And That That helps us out. We're, we're still looking to grow this show after all these years. And, the way We did it from day one was very much organically through word of mouth. So we're, we're asking you again for a nudge. Yeah. And, thanks in advance for any nudge you can give us everybody. In the meantime, before you give us a nudge or while you're giving us a nudge at any point If, you want to get in touch with us. And say hi or whatever you, or send us photos of your Swatches, that's great. you can send It off to stuff Podcast at iHeartRadio dot com Stuff you Should.


Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety. And efficiency And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of Instock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma And heavy duty half ton tundra. you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com, the official website for deals. To find out more Toyota, let's go places.


CBS Thursday Academy Award winner Kathy Bates stars as Matlock in the new CBS original series That critics are calling brilliantly witty with great storytelling. And, a suspenseful joy ride. you won't be able to take your eyes off. Kathy Bates. In this reimagining of the original classic Madeline Matlock is rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm. And. Using her unassuming demeanor, And Wiley tactics to win cases. And hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery, Matlock continues with a new episode Thursday nine eight Central on CBS And streaming on Paramount Plus.