
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh. There's Chuck Ring. Ring. There's Jerry. And this is Stuff You Should Know. That's right. This is a Kyle joint, so there's a little British Factor two in here 'cause Kyle likes to throw those in 'cause that's where he lives. Yeah. He keeps mentioning fish and chips every like few paragraphs. Yeah. What's a chippy? That's Right. We are gonna be talking about telephone Switchboards. Some overlap with a couple of o other episodes we've done. But this is all about the, you know, the, the advancement of the telephone system and the United States and abroad and how the telephone switchboard was a crucial, crucial part of that.


Yeah. First I wanna give a shout out If you ever find yourself in the town of Maitland, Florida. Mm. Go to the Maitland, I think. Well, it's the telephone museum. Okay. There's probably not more than one telephone museum in Maitland, even though I can't remember the name of it. Just ask somebody for directions there and they will tell you or ask your app regardless. It's really cute. It's not the biggest museum you'll ever find, but it's very dedicated museum. I love old telephones. I I, I would like to check that out actually. Oh, you'd love this. There's a bank of wall telephones from the seventies probably. Oh. And each one's a different color. It's very pretty. Oh my God. Amazing.


Yeah, you would, you would like this place. Chuck. It, it, it, it reminded me that something that was just such an integral part of our life is a completely obsolete, outdated antique technology. It does. There's basically no reason for it to exist any longer. And it may not, as far as I know. Yeah. You Know, I think you still have to have it to connect some alarm, home alarm systems maybe. But that's the only application I know of anymore. Actually, you know what? That's, we had that for that landline, for that reason for a while, but no longer, I mean, I don't, I just don't think that there's any reason for them to exist any longer.


I'm sure I'm wrong, but that's the best I can come up with is home alarm systems. I guess nostalgia's not a good enough reason. Huh? It keeps this amazing network of technology still around. Oh yeah, man. I mean, lots of it's dumb. It's just my, our, our Gen X selves, like looking back with joy about walking around your bedroom with a long phone cord and Yeah. Or, or your mom literally being able to go to every point in the kitchen with like a 25 foot stretchy phone cord that you're ducking under and it's knocking things over and That's right. Yeah. There, there goes the flour wireless is Better. I know.


It's, I don't think it's just nostalgia. I think there is some real value or there, there's, it's not pointless to, to look at the telephone system that was created over the decades in the 20th century and just be impressed. Like it wasn't a, a marvelous technology and it did some amazing stuff while it was around. It's just we've moved on technology wise, but that doesn't mean you can't appreciate it. Yeah. I wonder if they're, they're safer, like for like government systems, you know, because you literally have to tap the wire physically. It's not just in the, the airwaves True app.


So, I dunno, I I don't know either. But that's a great point. I'm curious. Surely someone knows, but let's talk about Alexander Graham Bell because he is the og he's the guy that invented, or well patented the telephone at least. Right. And from Boston in 1876 where he was not trying to invent a telephone. He was trying to work out the problem with the electrical telegraph, which was, it was just getting bunched up. Too many people are sending too many, you know, telegraphs and it, it's a problem. So there's too much traffic. So all of a sudden, bell, who was a, a sound guy anyway, realized that you could send tones and once you, he realized you could send a tone along a wire.


He was like, oh, forget the telegraph. I'm gonna come up with the harmonic telegraph and one day I'm gonna speak to somebody on the other end of a wire. Yeah. Not dots and dashes, but Hayes and how are ya Or a hoes. Yeah. Right. So he did this in 1876, right? Yeah. He set out to, to, to figure out the telegraph clogging and invented the phone pretty quickly. The next year he found a bell telephone company and the first permanent telephone wires were in Boston, I think that same year. Right. Wow. So we had telephone service set up within a year of him inventing the telephone.


One of the other things too is he helped kind of spread telephone technology by giving lectures that people would come see and then go off and like build their own versions. That would work. But initially when you were talking to somebody on a telephone, your telephone was physically connected to their telephone, which made a lot of sense initially. Yeah. But If you want to talk to more than one friend in town, you need another wire to connect your phone to somebody else's telephone and so on and so forth. And If you just kind of follow that logical path, you very quickly realize like, man, we're gonna need a lot of wires to connect one person to everybody else and everybody else to that one person.


It just, it, that's the definition of exponential growth. And so they figured out they needed a different way rather than connecting each telephone physically. And that's where they came up with the concept of the switchboard. That's right. What if all of the calls went into a central location and there was a human being there that would connect those two wires? It's a very elegant, very simple sort of system. It's, you know, it's literally connecting two calls by, you know, by connecting them, by plugging them into the same, what would you even call that Switchboard Jack? Yeah. The same Jack, the first switchboard commercially was in 1878.


So only, geez, like a year after the Bell Telephone company was founded, this is in New Haven, Connecticut. And it connected 21 different subscribers in this case. And this is a very old fashioned primitive thing. Before long they were like, why don't we wrap these cords and cloth? It's like, insulated. And why don't we make the, you know, the board look a little nicer and we'll call 'em a cord board, but everyone's still gonna call 'em a switchboard. Yes. One, one thing really quick too, when some of these first commercial Switchboards popped up in towns, like the one in New Haven that I guess George Coy was the inventor of, they would publish phone books.


And the first phone books would be like one page with like 50 people's names on. Because when you called, you would call and your call would be connected by an operator. So you'd pick up your phone and the only person it would go to is the operator is switchboard. And you would say, I want to talk to Chuck Bryant please. And the, the, the operator would look up where your jack was that went to your house and then now connected the call. Right. So they would plug my phone cord into your phone Jack and connect our call. But first they would, right, first they would, they would plug in themselves to you and say, yeah, Josh Clark calling for Charles Bryant.


And you would say, tell him I'm in the shower. And they would Oh, accept the call. Okay. They would plug back into mine and be like, he's in the shower, he can't talk right now. And I would say, tell him that I know he's not in the shower and hang up. Hang gr You're not too far off. That is, if my jack is on that board, if it was a big enough community, that switchboard operator might say, I don't have Chuck on this board, but there he's on another board so I'm gonna contact that switchboard and you know, patch it in that way. So, you know, but First they spend 10 minutes going down east Jack, like, Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, Chuck. No, Chuck, Chuck. No Chuck. Well, early on they just knew it, you know, in in, in a 21 person situation. They just knew everybody.


In fact, for, for a little while they weren't even saying phone numbers. They were just like Chuck Bryant. Right. Exactly. And one of the other things about a central switchboard too is there's a phone company employee connecting calls. And so now you can track things more easily and hence Bill people more accurately too. Yeah. 'cause this is when making a call costs money and up until, I mean, not that long ago in the grand scheme of things, making a long distance call cost extra money. So you had to bill people and it was pretty ingenious. Things started growing, growing, growing. You know, you said the word exponentially and that is the truth because between 1880 and just 13 years later, we went from 60,000 phones to two 60.


And then just another 10 years later there were 3 million phones in the United States. Only Kyle Points out in the uk, they were a little bit behind us In 1914, there were fewer than two telephones per 100 people compared to 10 in the us. But they eventually caught up to, and everyone had phones. That's right. I'm sure there's some ERs like, I didn't have a phone when I was a kid. Well, maybe So, as more and more people had phones, more and more jacks were required in Switchboards. So you're getting bigger Switchboards, more Switchboards. It became kind of a mess in and of itself as we'll.


See that was known as the switchboard problem, right? Yeah. But then finally they figured out, okay, there's some, there's a few tweaks we can do here that are gonna allow us to just to support this growth. 'cause the phone companies weren't like, whoa, we're good at 10,000 subscribers. Let's just hold here. Yeah. They wanted everybody to have a phone so they could bill everybody for using those phones. And also America or the United States of the world I think was like, we really wanna be able to pick up the phone and talk to people. It was a huge, enormous technology that completely changed how humans interact with one another. So everybody wanted a phone, phone company wanted to give people phones.


The big sticking point was how you can connect that many people in an efficient way and not just keep adding switchboard after switchboard after switchboard. Yeah. And you know, something else we should point out out too is this is a time where the phone company controlled the phones themselves. So you couldn't just go to a store and buy some cool looking Mickey Mouse phone man or a Garfield phone man or what? I have that football Phone from Sports Illustrated. I had a, I did get that for free actually. But those were always garbage. It was the ones that looked like push button, but when you hit it, it dialed. Oh really? Do you remember those? You know, it had the, the keypad, but when you hit nine it went, No, I don't remember that.


It was a big bait and switch. But you rented your phone at the time, I guess If you had a, or maybe they didn't sell 'em at all at first, but I know for a long time they rented phones to people like into The seventies, right? Yeah. I mean like you used to rent your, some people still probably rent their modem from their cable or whatever. Their wifi provider. Well, am I saying all the wrong words? No, I Think you got it. Provider. Yeah, or Internet is internet service provider. ISP. That's Oh, okay. But yeah, anyway, they were, they were controlling the flow of money in more ways than just the bill. They wanted as many people to have phones as possible 'cause they were renting those phones and eventually I guess selling those phones. Yeah, I remember Yumi has a, a story from when she was a kid of going to the phone store with her dad and renting a princess phone, like a pink phone.


I remember it. It's so weird That it is weird. It's just weird to think of. Yeah. But like you said, that was a way for them to control revenue even more. Yeah. And also I think it made it more available to more people because I think even into the sixties, the seventies phones were still kind of expensive to make and so they were expensive to buy so you could lease them. But I think ultimately it was, it was really the phone companies and they were able to get away from this as we'll. See because for years and years and years there was essentially a monopoly on the phone in the United States. That's right. But I got us a little off track. You were talking about some new techniques because these Switchboards all of a sudden were getting just more and more ubiquitous and they started to get a little clunky and like how long it would take to connect calls.


So one of the things they did is came up with a concept of what's called the divided exchange, which is really just an organizational structural thing where people got more specialized. You might have operators just answering the phone. You might have people just connecting instead of the person going, oh hey Josh, lemme see if Chuck's available. Like all of that was really streamlined eventually until they came up what was called the express system that had a lot of letter B boards that converged on a letter A board. And there was an operator linking between those two. Right? Yeah. So the A person, the person at the A board would be like, oh yeah, Josh is on B board 72, but Chuck is on B board three, so I need, I need to be the one that connects B board 72 and B board three for this call.


These are human beings doing this. Yeah. And expected to do it really fast too, as we'll see. Yeah. They also just improved the signals like signal strength. All of a sudden operators weren't like yelling at each other in, in a, you know, which can cause just chaos in a room with a bunch of switchboard operators. Yeah. What's The number for dominoes? Yeah, exactly. So just improving the, the signal really optimized how those things function such, you know, even just making the little signal lamps, a little lights brighter. Right. Responding to the current and the line. Like everything just got a little better. Yeah. And the current and the line was a huge thing too. Not only would it light up the little light above your jack showing the operator like, oh this guy's trying to call right now.


But it also allowed for telephones to carry a little bit of a current, which was how the voice was, was broadcast anyway. But it was one more thing that they controlled. They powered everything, which made the whole thing more efficient. Rather than having a bunch of batteries out by the lines, there was a central group of batteries and power generation that came from the main office too. So when you put all this stuff together, they got really good at analyzing traffic to, to kind of put resources. Yeah. You know where it needed at any given time. They put all this together for the next four or five decades. The phone system just kept expanding and expanding and expanding. But there was always a frontier.


There was this, these were individual cities, individual towns. And if the town or the city was close enough to another town or city, they would probably be able to connect. But for the most part, these phone systems are growing intra well internally. Let's just say that I almost got really fancy for a second, but I'm just gonna say they were internal into each town growing and growing and growing. Connecting subscribers. But each town was kind of like its own isolated island of telephony. Yeah. And so obviously the next thing to conquer would be the, the the ld. Long distance. Yeah. At the time, If you wanted to pick up a phone in New York City and call San Francisco, you couldn't do it.


No. But I say we take a break, leave this as a cliffhanger and when we come back we'll say whether or not they were eventually able to do it. NetNet. Say it one more Timenet. I dunno what you know, it's net is that in this NetNet it's a great nightmare. Cliff net. That's the name of it. I know it's a great name. Alright. Stucks met with an Y with an X.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids spill, pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Okay. So when they finally did start connecting towns, they would use Switchboards, right? So you're your, your town would be connected to another town by a switchboard. They use trunk lines. These are like these longer, stronger lines that people would use to connect one town to another. And let's say that you were in Topeka and you wanted to talk to, to Tacoma, Washington. Okay. To great T Towns. Sure. When you picked up the phone in Topeka and said, give me Tacoma, they would, this would set off a chain reaction of connections carried out by human operators who would connect to the switchboard and the switchboard connected to, I don't know, Kansas City.


And then that switchboard connected to Erie Penn, not Erie, Pennsylvania. That'd be going the wrong way. Munchie in the Indiana. Is it Muncie Mu Yeah. Boy, this is going terribly, but I think it really gets, it really illustrates how cluey the whole thing was. And then it would go from Muncie slash Munchy to Gore, Indiana. Okay. And then to, I don't know, onwards and upwards until finally switchboard after switchboard, after switchboard, after switchboard town to town to town it, it would finally connect all the way through all these towns from switchboard to switchboard you to your friend Tacoma who wasn't even home.


That you were using the Miles Davis Rebreathing technique. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, It's like you're breathing through your nose so you don't have to stop talking. I just didn't breathe. Oh, okay. That's the Dizzy Gillespie method. Yeah. Speaking of dizzy. Yes. It's, it's amazing. I guess we'll spoil it and say eventually New York was able to talk to San Francisco and in fact I think that was, well no, the first long line was between New York and Philly in 1885. New York to San Francisco finally came around. Finally I'd say in 1915, which is incredible. You know, for that call they brought Alexander Graham Bell out of retirement 'cause he, he'd left a super big fat rich man by this time and had him talk to Watson.


Remember the first phone call? Oh yeah. It was room to room between him and Watson. He said, Watson, come here. I need you. And on this huge monumental historical phone call from New York to San Francisco, bell said, Watson, come here. I need you again. And Watson said, I will, but it's going to take me a week to get there. Watson, that's so Watson. It totally is Watson Classic Watson. You know, it didn't just work with like magic. You can't send something that's, you're used to going like a mile or let's say a hundred miles all of a sudden sitting at, you know, close to 3000 miles. So they had boosters, they had loading coils, which are elect electromagnets that would boost the transmission.


They had these vacuum tubes that would regenerate a weak signal. Those were called repeaters. So it, it needed help along the way to finally get, you know, across country. But the fact that they were able to do that by 9 19 15 is, is remarkable. While this is happening, I mean, I think you said that he was, bell was an old fat rich guy by this point. That is because through even the late 18 hundreds bell consistently swatted away rivals with lawsuits, with shutting people down was saying like, no, you know, I have a patent here till 1894. So like there are people out there building in their own phones and even their own Switchboards.


Yeah. But like, I'm gonna go after 'em as fast as they can build them. Yeah. They had detectives that would go bust down doors and confiscate bogus phones, which were phones that weren't part of the mouse phones. The Bell network, which again, held a patent. Then even after the patent expired, they would just sue anybody and everybody. They would bribe officials to keep new phone companies from being allowed to develop or found themselves. It was really ruthless. And one of the reasons it was ruthless is because JP Morgan by this time was the head of either at and t or Bell's board of directors. And Bell eventually bought at and t and just consolidated, consolidated, consolidated.


They would either, following JP Morgan's typical example, they would either buy up the competition or crush them out of existence if the competition didn't wanna sell at at and t Bell's price. So this is just how it was like that I, I don't remember what year the US government finally stepped in and broke a bell into smaller versions of itself. But it was a, oh, when was that? I remember it. It was a monopoly. Yeah. A government sanctioned monopoly for decades. And in some ways this was good because in in other cases where like local phone companies were allowed to compete, it was super klugy. Sometimes you had to subscribe to two different companies to be able to call two different friends depending on who they were subscribed to.


Yeah. The rates were all over the place. There was very little regulation. So having this monopoly was good in some ways, but in others, monopolies typically overall are not good for the health of an economy. Yeah. And at t American Telephone and Telegraph, we should point out that they were approached before that patent expired. And the reason they were initially approached was, I mean it was part of the plan just to, you know, snap up other companies. But part of it was, Hey, I need at and t to help me build these long distance lines. Right. 'cause that's the future. If we control long distance and no one else has it, then we can, even if new companies pop up after this patent expires, if we are the only ones doing long distance, then we can lease those to other companies or not lease them.


Yes. To other companies. Huge, huge point. Yeah. Can we talk about phone numbers real quick? Yeah, I think we should talk about phone numbers Because I don't have a complete handle on, because how phone numbers expanded was, you know, it wasn't just one exact uniform way in every place. It kind of depended on how big the city was as far as how many digits they were using and stuff like that. So what I've gathered is that from the beginning it was two to four numbers, depending on how big your community was. So sure you, you could literally be living in a community and your phone number was Seven. Yeah. It could be oh seven I guess. Well, I don't know if zero counts, but let's just say 11.


No, I wanna say seven. Okay. Your phone number's seven. Mine's 11. Okay. We should get together and make a convenience store. But as things started to expand and grow, obviously you needed more and more numbers. And I remembered seeing in like even like happy days and stuff and TV shows like into the sixties and seventies when they would say, you know, a a a word followed by numbers. Gimme Klondike five, 6,000. Exactly. And so from, this is how I understand it is, and If you found something different, let me know. But okay, Klondike would've been the either the switchboard or the central, you know, hub for that town.


And then whatever the numbers you said would be the actual number That's five. Five. Yeah. As that got busier, C started using what they called two L in four N format. So two letter, four number. Oh, okay. So it'd still be Klondike 5, 5, 5, 5 or whatever. But it would be kl. And then you would use the four numbers. And then eventually it was I think two L five in, they just kept taking away letters and adding numbers. Right. The bigger and bigger your city got. Right. And the reason why, like If you have four numbers, you can accommodate up to 10,000 subscribers. But as you add more and more numbers or even letters, then you can add more and more people.


And so I think that the numbers or the letters eventually, or initially were like, that went to this particular switchboard station and that was this one group of people in town whose connections were all coming outta this one station. So If you ask for Klondike 5, 5, 5, 5, it took you to this one switchboard. And then that switchboard operator would find subscriber 5 5, 5, 5 and connect it. And the reason also I keep going to Klondike five is because that's the original 5, 5, 5 fake number in movies. Like If you watch movies, they ask for Clon Dike five all the time. Like that's the, that's the phone number because the, apparently the phone company set aside the five five five exchange for use by movies.


Yeah. Which I was told recently in a script I wrote to take that out. Oh really? Yeah. Did you tell him to go to hell? Well, I mean, any kind of script note is just, there is no right answer. But this person said, yeah, it just, I don't, it bugs me because it always takes me out and makes me feel like I'm watching a movie. So I was like, oh, okay. So did you or did you not tell them to go to hell with their script notes? I did not. I got a lot of good notes from this person, so. All Right. I was on their side. Is this a bad actor? No, it was a good writer. Okay. This is a big difference. So to, to get a little further to wrap that up. So those letters were, were eventually overtaken by numbers because again, If you are, I don't even know if I said it and we edited it out, but If you look at an old phone, I think even a new phone still you said it.


Yeah. Okay. The numbers are associated with specific letters. So two is associated with A, B, C, three is associated with DE, F and so on. So if it was Klondike, that's kl. Both of those are on the five. So eventually it just became 5, 5, 5, whatever the rest of the, the thing is. And when we went to all numbers, that was a big step in the direction of eventually phasing out switchboard operators. Yeah. Could then you went seven digits and then eventually in most places you needed the area code as well. And we went to 10 digits. Yeah. But area codes weren't around for a while. I think it was. Oh no.


Oh, I don't remember exactly when it was, but I'm looking, that's why I'm still kind of talking a little bit because I'm looking, I mean we've talked about this before. 'cause we, we both have our phone numbers memorized growing up and that was definitely not an area code. 9 8 1 9 8 1 9. That was me. I grew up with an area code. Oh really? Yeah, Four. Four From the moment you could remember there was a 10 digit. Oh no, you're right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There was just an exchange. It wasn't, yes, you're right. Mine was 3 8 2 9 0 4 oh, Alright. Sorry. What if those two numbers called each other like in some weird portal opened? That would be pretty awesome. What would be through the portal? Either gnomes or robots? It's gotta be one of the two. Really Earthy or really futuristic.


Adam Curry. Wait, Wait, which one? Oh, Adam Curry dressed as a gnome. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I knew you weren't gonna be satisfied until I picked up one of your That's right. Should we talk a little bit about who this witch board operators were? Alright. Or should we take our break? I don't, I feel like we went long before the first break so let's keep going. Alright. Well most of these switchboard operators were women initially they tried teenage boys. But I love this little factoid. Kyle dug up, apparently there was a quote that said, unfortunately they matched insult for insult for Canadian boys that were operators.


So if like, and as we'll see there, you know, people call up and be surly and were in a bad mood or if it didn't work right, they'd be cussing. Right. And these teenage boys will give it right back to 'em. Yeah. And so customer service is suffering in the 1880s. 'cause all these, you know, wise mouth kids. So they started hiring mostly women in the early 20th century. I think 80% of all operators were women here and abroad. They were called Hello girls. Ironic since apparently they weren't even allowed to say hello. Yeah, we'll get to that in a second. And Emma Nut was the first phone operator, switchboard operator hired by A GB and 1878 at a whopping wage of about a nickel an hour.


Yeah. Which is even adjusted for inflation. That's only a dollar 50 an hour today. Yeah. Pretty, pretty meager. But she was, she was a pioneer. And what probably one of the reasons why she kept her job was eventually it had a lot of prestige to it. It was one of the more respected jobs a woman can have. But it was also one of the very few jobs a woman could have. So women proved to be a fairly docile workforce because they had so few choices, other choices for work. And so they were exploited to the bone as phone operators sadly as it it turned out, Yeah. It took everything I had.


Not to make a nut job joke. Can we hear it? But I guess I sort of just did. Yeah. Well I don't know. Her name was Emma Nut and everyone's like, I want, I want a nut job. That was kidding. Sorry. You got me. So here's the deal though. It was very specific criteria. You couldn't just waltz in there and get this job because like you said, there wasn't a lot of choice for women in the workplace. And eventually they would pay them, you know. Okay. Not as much as their male counterparts of course, because that's just how things worked. Very sadly. But it was a very, it was, it was known as a pretty good job to get in the US You had to be well-spoken, you had to be a high school graduate in Canada.


They sought women with good eyesight, no cough. You had to be of sufficient height and were physically fit in order to tackle the exacting work at the switchboard. And also a, and this is in Canada also a reference of moral character from their clergymen. Well this is to get a job as a switchboard operator. Yeah. What about in the uk? Because that, that's pretty fun too. You were required to speak the king's English and of course not in a cockney way or a northern way. Yeah. And so women would accept these positions. Again, these were coveted positions in, in some cases they paid them and gave them financial freedom.


They were looked upon with respect by their community. Like to make it as an operator, even be hired as an operator. It told the rest of society this one's a good egg. Yeah. Because we only hire the best eggs. One of the things though, like you said, was that there were really strict rules on their behavior. How they comported themselves when speaking to customers. And then just how they even like sat and positioned themselves at their switchboard. There's a 1910 booklet that the Bell company wrote that Kyle found where they, they were saying like, do not answer these calls with hello.


They said, would you rush into an office or up to the door of a residence and blurt out, hello? Hello. Who am I talking to? And when they put it like that, it's actually, it's a little weird, a reasonable thing. But what's funny also is there was a big debate initially when phones were invented between whether the proper way to answer a call was Hello or Hoy Hoy. And Alexander Graham Bell was a Hoy Hoy boy and Thomas Edison, who was his big rival in founding phone companies. He was a hello guy. And that's why you'll hear Mr. Burn say Hoy Hoy when he answers the phone. It's just going to show how ridiculously old he is.


Yeah. We talked about this on one episode, it was a long time ago, but I used to have a Hoya Hoy written on my first flip phone when you opened it up, the little home screen. 'cause before they had pictures and graphics just said a Hoya Hoya Written, did you write it in nail polish? No, no, no. It was typed out. Oh, I see. And you know, instead of like Chuck's phone or something. Oh, Okay. I never had a phone that had any feature like that. Yeah. Well you know these were early flip phones. I thought you actually wrote it on the screen. No, no, no, no. It was typed letters. So, oh, there were a couple of things that I saw that were really harsh.


There was a interview that I found, I think American experience. They did a documentary on the telephone. Great. And they were interviewing like some of these original operators and one of them was like, so they used Taylorism. So there was like five supervisors to every single like switchboard operator and they would just hover over you like a hawk. They would constantly be like, come on girls faster, faster. That kind of stuff. And this woman was like, If you even lifted your head up from your switchboard. Yeah. Not even looked around, not even talked. Like you just lifted your head up. Four supervisors would be on you being like, what do you need? What's going on? There was another one that, I think it was on history.com, they were writing about telephone operators and they, they quoted from a woman who was like one of the original ones who said I had to work 10 unpaid hours as punishment for a single giggle.


Like that's how, how just regulated the, the women operators were for decades and decades. That was just part of the job. Yeah. I never did telemarketing in college, but that was a big dial. America was a big job in Athens. I'm sure you remember. Yeah. You probably worked for Dial America. I didn't, but I worked for another company. I have a story about that. Yeah. It was a big easy job to get in Athens and I'm sure many colleges, but the central benefit of any job like this is being able to put your phone hand over the receiver and roll your eyes to the person next to you and go, oh my God, you gotta get a load of this guy. Or you should hear this lady's voice. Like If you deny your worker that then you're not gonna have a happy workforce.


That that's the one perk you get when you're not on a and right in front of someone. Right. Is that you can say something quietly and have a quick laugh. Yeah. They could not do that. They would get in trouble and possibly fired for that kind of stuff. So actually one of the cool things is they figured out that, okay, wait, there's thousands of us in this workforce, let's form a union. And they were told no, they can't form a union. So they said, okay, we're going on strike. And I think in 1919 New England telephone operators walked out and just crippled the phone network for basically half of New England. And the company was very quick to be like, okay, what did you say you wanted again?


And they went back to work. Yeah, exactly. So that was pretty cool. But for the most part they were treated rather poorly. They were, and they in the face of, you know, like I said, some people would call in cursing, there were men who would use foul language. Sometimes they would get charged extra for their call. They would, sometimes people would call and say like, Hey, do you know what time it is? Or do you know what goes in this recipe? Or do you know what time the train runs from the station? Or does this shirt make me look fat? Yeah, Exactly. And they're acting like information basically rather than just connecting calls. Right. You know de I, I guess they weren't being as reigned in everywhere 'cause or maybe they were taught the customer is always right.


I don't know. They were then there were, there was like five things you could say to a customer no matter what they said to you, no matter how abusive they were, anything like that, you could say like, thank you or something like that. You'd could not Saffron. Yeah, right. That was the safe word. Yeah. The supervisor would come in and be like, Hey, hey what are you saying? Well if they got asked something in a recipe and they, they can only say five things. Right, Right. It really himms them in. So Are you allowed to leave? If not say saffron. Here's one fun little thing. In World War I, there were 223 American women who served in Europe as switchboard operators because France's phone system was wrecked. So the US Army signal cord literally built its own phone system and had bilingual American switchboard operators working there and sometimes giving like really important direct orders about, you know, bombings and raids and things like that.


Well they Would, they would pass 'em along. I don't know if they were making up the orders themselves. I Do you think anybody would've thought that? I did. You thought that's what I was saying? No, but it was still hilarious to hear you say it. Exactly. But this is the cool part. After 60 years finally 1979, these women were recognized as veterans. I know, that was very cool. I'm It's sad that it took that long but yeah, at least they finally got there. Yeah. I'm sorry I keep imagining a whole cadre of operators just making up orders for Bombing. This lady just said to go to Storm the beach. It's just chaos.


Alright, now we're gonna take our break. We're running a bit long so we're gonna come back and finish up on how it all ended with automation right after this Stuxnet net. Say it one more time. Stuxnet. I dunno what that is. You know what Stuxnet is that in this Stuxnet. Stuxnet. It's a great n you gotta say net. That's the name of it. I know it's a great name. Alright. Stuxnet with With an X.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay Chuck. So I think I said before that once they started going to all numeric well numbers, the, the, the, that was like a huge first step toward automating the system and eventually phasing out human operators. And one of the reasons why is because you can take numbers and you can quantify them essentially. And that's what those original phones, the rotary phones then apparently the fake keypad phones would do. When you dialed a number, your, your finger would eventually hit a stop for like a three. The stop was closer for the zero. The stop was in eternity away because it, once it, you hit the stop the, the dial would go back to the original position and as it did, it would put out, you know, three impulses, say three electrical impulses for when you dial the three.


And what that did was it told the automated switches that were eventually invented to start paying attention and start dialing some numbers here because I just sent some electrical impulses. That's right. I think you mean pulses, don't you? What did I say? Pluses impulses. Did I, did I? Yeah. It's a little late in the day and my brain is mush from all the engineering week we've been Doing. Hey, I'm not just sitting here as correct you guy. I just, I think it's kind of funny and somebody would've written in and it's like, why are these phones having impulses? No. Hey I, you got me back for the, the, the, yeah. Operators giving direct order Here is where my mind exploded because I didn't learn this yesterday.


Are you still liking that one? Yeah. This didn't, I didn't learn this yesterday but I learned it I think the last time you explained this, 'cause we explained that in another episode about how you dial Oh yeah. How you dial a rotary phone. I did not know that It was the retreat of that dial back to its original position was what was being quantified and, and and pulsed. You think it was the the dial up, like when you dial it Well yeah. Yeah. You put your finger in it and you dial the the four over. You know, as a kid you just think well like yep, I'm hitting the four and I just take it out and it goes back to its place. It going back to its place is the key. Yeah. Which I Just, I don't know if I knew that either though. It seems new to me. To me.


So if I did explain it before it didn't stick. It's pretty cool though to, I mean that's just a fun little fact for anyone who still understands what those are. One thing I do think we talked about in the phone freaking episode was the invention of the rouger switch, which was invented by an undertaker named Alman Brown Stroger. And the reason that he ca like an undertaker in Kansas City invented the automated phone switchboard because as legend has it, he was losing business. Yeah. To a rival undertaker whose wife was the town operator. So when people call up and said undertaker police, she would just route him to her husband's business and leave Stroger's business out and he is like, you know what, I wanna get rid of the operator.


So he went and invented one of the more sophisticated pieces of technology that was around at the time, and this is in 1890 that he came up with the first automated switch and it is impressive. Yeah, I mean that's the one that led to the rotary switch that we're talking about though, right? Yes. Do you know how his worked specifically or what The difference was? I do actually. It's really fascinating. Well, let's hear it. We got one minute. Alright. So let's say that you dialed that three, right? First number? Those three impulses. Yeah. I think in slang it's just called pulses. Sure. They went down the line and they hit the first switch and they told the first switch, okay, we're going to three.


And so that would narrow down the number of subscribers to this telephone switchboard whose number started with three. Oh yeah. And then the next number would come in five. Yeah. Right. Five smaller and smaller impulses of electricity would come to the second switch and it would tell that switch. Okay. Now we're just trying to get to the people whose first two numbers are three, five and so on and so on until finally all what? Eight? No, yeah. Eight, seven numbers were dialed and so it led to the only person Yeah. Whose, whose phone line could possibly be connected to this specific circuit of seven numbers and then it would connect the call from the caller to the callee.


Wow. That's pretty cool. Yeah, it's really amazing. This guy came up with this in 1890. Yeah. And you know, we didn't even really mention, it seems obvious, but I guess we should say the reason they were looking to phase out and go into automation is kind of like every reason always is money, you know, less overhead. You as more and more Switchboards grew, you had, well a, the Switchboards cost a lot of money. They cost, You know, you had to have land in a building and you had to have people to operate 'em and they just couldn't keep hiring more and more people. I think at one point they said, you know, we need a million switchboard operators. And that just wasn't even a possibility at the time. So automation was always on the horizon.


Interestingly, along those lines, long distance switching took a lot longer. Like it was into the late 1960s and even some places in the seventies where you still had operators that had to connect long distance lines because it was, as Kyle said, that it was just no alternative to human intelligence. It was too complex at the time, but eventually, you know, they figured all that out. But that meant that there were humans who were walking around knowing how to connect to Pika Yeah. To Tacoma. They knew the combination of switches. Yeah, yeah. To connect or the number of levers to pull, the number of like wishes to make.


I don't know. So cool. And they would, they knew how to connect a call like that and not just to to peak it to Tacoma. Like whatever city to whatever city. They just knew how to do it. Yeah. And I mean that, that's impressive. Yeah. That's just a overlooked part of history that there were people walking around who knew how to do these complex algorithms basically. And they were all different for depending on what city was calling what city. So that kept operators around for much longer than they would've been had long distance not existed because they got phased out at the local level. But for long distance calling, they were just too valuable to get rid of at the time. What Happens when you dial zero today from a landline?


Is there an operator? Well, number one, there's no landlines. There's just, you get like an alarm, somebody's house alarm I think maybe. Yeah. And then number two, there's no zero anymore. Gen Z got rid of it. All Right. Good Deal. So I think by the seventies the whole thing was digitized. Yeah. There was no corded Switchboards any longer, but there were some like pockets of Switchboards that were still around. Right. That held on long beyond the, the time it was necessary. Yeah. There's a couple of competing last switchboard, last operators. One that you'll see a lot online as widely recognized in 1983, Bryant Pond, Maine, I think the specification heroes.


It was the last hand cranked telephone system and switchboard like, You know, you like you see in the old movies, there's a box on the wall and you go, you crank a thing to Make Gimme k Dyke five, 6,000. Exactly. And Susan GLIs was the last operator there. London's, thank you. Kyle was at infield and this was 1960 I think when was, was retired, but the last caretaker telephone operator in the uk and the UK retired in 84. But then you found one in California that was 91.


Yeah. And as best I could tell, that was a private, a sort of very small customer base, private phone company In Kerman. And what what was sweet was I saw one of the reasons that the owner of the company held on to human operators for so long was because there were so many migrants who lived in town that the, the phone operator was bilingual. Yeah. And could help connect calls between people who spoke two different languages. Yeah. All of the, all, not even the final one. All of their operators were bilingual. Oh, is that right? Yeah. Oh, very nice. I think that was their specialty. No, I'm serious. That's what they, they said at the company picnic.


That's our Specialty. No, I mean I think that's, honestly, they had a a, most of their customer base were people with family in Mexico. And so they just had a, a niche from my Understanding. I mean, I don't know why you're getting the impression that I don't believe you, I believe what you're saying. 'cause you keep laughing at it going, That's funny. I I'm still thinking about the operators telling everybody to bomb ruin in or something. You got anything else? No, big thanks to Kyle for helping us out with this one. It was very technical and complicated and since I said technical and complicated, it's time for listener mail. Here's our Joe Thieman follow up. We got quite a few emails in, in fact a few from people whose parents went to school with Joe Thieman, the former quarterback of the former Washington Redskin football team.


Now the commanders, Hey guys. I used to freelance for a video company that did a lot of conferences and one time Joe Theisman was the keynote speaker. Wow. The way he told the story about his last name as as follows, growing up, his dad was very firm that their last name was pronounced Thieman. Apparently his dad would get quite cross when folks would pronounce it wrong. People often said it wrong. So Joe would call his dad and have him correct them. Dad, they said it wrong. My dad's gonna sue you. He snapped my leg. According to Joe's story, when he was a candidate for the Heisman Trophy, his college coaches thought it would be better if it was pronounced thyman to rhyme obviously. So again, Joe called his dad to ask him and his dad responded, I've told you it's Thyman.


So it sounds like Joe has made kind of a fun little apocryphal story about this, but it seems confirmed it was Thieman heard it from the man's own mouth. And that's from Karen McGill. Pennington. Very nice. Appreciate that. Big time. Who was it? Karen Gill. Karen Pennington. Thank you very much, Karen. I'm just gonna call him Karen. Sure. If you want to get in touch with us, like Karen did and give us a great story that kind of sums up, ties up, circles up a story that we talked about. We love that kind of thing. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke, or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.