
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skilled designers. The titanium apple card is no different. Its laser etched, has no numbers, and it earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple card on your iPhone in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues. It may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey everybody, welcome back to the playlist. It's me, Josh, and this episode is all about Special Effects. We tried to cram as much as we possibly could into this episode. And there there's a lot to talk about with Special Effects and there's all sorts of different kinds of Special Effects. Most of the stuff we think of today is all CGI, but that's built on things that people used to have to build with their own hands to make amazing movies look believable. I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you've enjoyed this playlist. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast.


I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant wearing a stone tumble pilots hat and there's Jerry over there. She's not wearing any hat. She's got really cool hair. It's not Stone Temple pilots. It is too. I've seen the Stone Temple pilots hats before. And that's one. It is STP because I bought two hats at AutoZone yesterday. Oh, I have a champion Spark plug hat. Yeah, they have good hats. They really do. I was getting a battery and I was like, I want these two hats. It was a Goodyear, Akron, Ohio Goodyear hat. Nice. Which is where Emily's from. Sure. So I wanted that. And then I saw this STP Hat Stone Temple Pilot. But I would get a champion spark plug hat too. Those are, that's That's great. Okay.


I'll let you borrow mine anytime you want. Just gotta give it back. I Dunno if I've ever seen you in a baseball cap. It's a weird jam. Is it not? What you want to see? I've seen you in shorts like twice in 12 years. I keep the legs covered And I think one of them was when you came over to borrow my lawnmower. I Remember that. Yeah. Like nine years ago. Sure. I've gotta mow the lawn sometimes now Things have changed. You can buy a lawnmower. Yeah, that's Where we're at now. We can afford lawnmowers. I can wear shorts too. I actually have one of those plugin lawnmowers. I have a battery powered lawnmower. Do you look at us stupid liberal hippies. Well, mine's, mine's battery powered too. But you have to plug it in and charge it.


Oh yeah. Yeah. What, what kind do you have? I have the green one. Yeah, I think they're all green. No, there's a blue one. Oh, I've got the green one too. The sun Joe. No, but I have a Sun Joe pressure washer. Do you really? Is it battery operated? No, you plug that in. I was gonna say I bet it just goes like tinkles out water. But they do make plugin lawnmowers like it's not a battery. You just Right. Like have a cord that you walk around with And run over with your lawnmower. I guess they're called electric. Sure. But yeah. I got the better one. 'cause I have so little grass now and we may be done period with grass. Oh yeah, that's right. You're zero escaping. Well, we're definitely doing the front, but the back, it just got smaller and smaller.


And I, my last lawn mower broke, so I was paying a guy to come cut it. I was like, why am I paying this guy to cut to do a seven minute mow? There's Just that one blade of glass of grass that sees the lawnmower coming. It's like mother. Yeah. But then I went and got the battery one. 'cause lawnmowers are terrible for the environment. Yeah. That's why I got a, They're one of the worst polluters battery Powered one too. Yeah. We're both also aware that we are charging or battery powered lawnmowers with coal fired power. Yes. I, we understand that. We know I'm just talking about exhausts. I don't even need one. I live in a condo, but I'm so dissatisfied with the landscapers that take care of the condo that I bought. No. Yes. I bought a lawnmower just to do the little patch out in front of our building.


So, wow. Poor Momo doesn't get long grass against her junk when she's pottying. This is a great way to start this episode. So we're talking Special Effects. Obviously This has been lawn talk. We're talking Special Effects, Chuck. Yes. Movie Special Effects. Which boy, I mean we could do 10 parts on this. This is, yeah. Kinda a big summation. 'cause movie Special Effects can be everything from the movie that you walk out of saying, oh, that movie had no Special Effects when In fact it did. Yeah. Wrong. Yeah. Just tiny little things that you may not even notice to things that are almost whole cloth Special Effects like Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.


Yeah. Or Sin City. Yeah. I like both of those. Yes. Did you know Sin City? Every single bit of the set was CGI. Yeah. That and that Sky Captain did it first. Yeah. A year before, huh? Yeah. Every bit of that. It was, it was a green screen movie. I never saw it. Was it good? It was interesting, like the look of it was amazing and very much ahead of its time. Like real Art deco, right? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I call it black and white, but it wasn't, it was just this really washed out color. Yeah. But it looked awesome and was not bad. Nice. I'll have to check It out. And I think the dudes that made that kind of quit making movies after that, it's very unique story. Have you ever seen, this has nothing to do with anything, but have you seen the change link? George?


George C. Scott? Yeah, Sure. Oh my God. Did you just see that? Yes. And I have to to tell you, I don't think I've ever gotten chills more frequently from a movie than I did with that one. Change is Great. It is genuinely, it's a genuinely scary ghost story. Yeah. Like it is wonderful. Yeah. I Ms. George Scott too. Yeah. He's a good actor. And I, I don't remember who that the, the female lead was in there, but she was great too. Mm. It's been a while. I haven't seen it in many, many years. So anyway, Special Effects. Let's try this again. Yes. We're going to get derailed like every five seconds. We That's okay. Effects are divided. And this is by the grab story.


He helped us out with this. Ed's a big movie guy and horror movie sci-fi guy. Sure. So he probably enjoyed writing this one up. They're divided into three general categories. And this all has to do with where the effect is happening. Right. It can be practical, which is in front of the camera, and that means it's a physical thing's happening. I Think that's what most people think of when they think Special Effects, you think. Sure. Okay. By most people, I mean me In-camera effects that happen inside the camera and then post-production effects. Yeah. And many times you're using one or all three of these. Right. Right. So with like practical effects, it's things like, like makeup and prosthetics.


Like Ed uses the example of David Lynch's, the elephant man. Like the, the prosthetic makeup that was used to turn John hurt or John heard which one Hurt Into Joseph Merrick. Yes. That's a special effect. An explosion on set. That's a special effect. A, a blood packet to make it look like somebody just got shot in the chest. A squib. That's a special effect. All three of those are practical effects. They're actually happening in the physical world in front of you on set being captured on film. That's a practical special effect. Yeah. And the other one I wanted to mention there that you might not think of is stuff like if there is a, a fire, like a fireplace in a scene and then you flip the camera around to show the people and you see that fire shimmering on the wall.


That's a practical effect too. Sure. Little things like that. But it's lighting. It's a lighting effect. Yeah. Or it's a fire. Like, you know, those aren't real fires. Yeah. I mean it's real fire. Somebody should put that out. But it's not like someone lights a bunch of wood. They put fake wood and they have these fire bars that it's like a what you have under your grill basically. Right. Or like a And they, they hide those and then that's your fire. Sure. 'cause it has to look perfect. You can't just chance somebody not being able to start a fire or looking wonky. That's why movie fires look perfect. Yeah. 'cause they're fake. They're kinda dreamy. They're so good. So in camera effects is just basically messing with the way the film is being produced inside the camera.


What not what's going on in reality that the film is capturing, but how the film is actually capturing this stuff. Yeah. Slow motion is a special effect in-camera. Special effect. Yeah. Or fast motion too, which is 10 times more hilarious than fast motion If you ask me like, where would the monsters be without fast motion? Yeah. You Know, or Benny Hill for God's sakes. Sure. That that lived and breathed on fast motion. Yeah. What else can you do there? You can, and we'll see this some, some of the early Special Effects like stopping the film, changing something, starting it again. Right. Like Bewitched appearing outta nowhere. Yeah. That's a spec in-camera special effect.


Yeah. One thing that struck me about all this from researching this is how the, the basis, the foundation for Special Effects was laid immediately upon like mo motion pictures being like created Yeah. Like the, the whole industry. Not even the industry before the industry existed. Yeah. But basically after the invention of motion pictures and that it stayed virtually the same until the nineties. Yeah. People refined it and got better at it and techniques got more. But the same general crafts. Yeah. Were used Very much so. Which is why craft service is called craft service. Oh yeah. Because of each department is their own craft. Oh, I didn't know that. And They're there to serve them.


Pizza rolls. Yeah. Man. Or whatever. You can put on some weight filming something. I'll tell you that for a Yeah, you can. Oh my God. So stop motion animation. That is an in-camera effect. You're moving a little clay figure or whatever, A doll or a King Kong, A Raisin One, a California raisin one frame at a time, 24 frames per second. Can you imagine? Didn't you do that with your brother with GI Joe? I did. And then years later I did a little Star Wars thing when I got a high eight video camera and spent like three days working on something that ended up being nine seconds long. And I said, I'm done. What's funny is you're gonna get a cease and desist later from Lucas film after talking about us in the podcast.


I Might. And then we have post-production effects. And that is, I think that's what a lot of people think of as Special Effects these days, really, because that's all the CGI stuff that you'll see is all happens in post-production. Okay. All right. Yes. These days. I gotcha. Like almost all Special Effects happens in post these days, right? Well, No, they still combine some of the old crafts as well, but yeah. Surely a lot of it is CGI, I mean, computers can do some amazing stuff. They can, I mean, stuff that used to take months to do a computer can do an hours now and do it a million times better. Yeah. So depending on your taste, I should say. That's Right. So those are the big three practical in camera and post-production.


And like I was saying, like the, the basis of Special Effects was founded like in the 19th century. Yeah. And there were just some people who had kind of followed in a tradition of still photography, still photographers by that time had already figured out some cool stuff that you could do messing around with cameras. Something like double exposure. Yeah. Where you take a picture of one thing and then take a picture of another thing with the previously exposed film and all of a sudden it looks like there's a ghost looming behind you. That's right. Stuff like that. So outta the gate when motion pictures were beat, started to become a little widespread and people could afford them and, and try messing around with them.


They had a basis of, of trickery to begin with. But there's a lot of stuff you can do with motion picture cameras that you can't do with still photo cameras. And they figured this out right away. Yeah. That first guy who's credited as the first special effect is Alfred Clark. And in they don't have the year Exactly right. It's either 93. That's 1893. Yeah. Or 1895. He made a short film called The Execution of Mary, queen of Scott's. And he did that little stop trick. Like I was saying, you shoot something, you stop the camera, you replace it, or you remove something and then you start the camera. And in real time when you go to play it back, it's seamless.


Right. And in his case, did you look at it? Did you watch That? No, I didn't see that one. It's, he uses a, a stop trick with Mary getting beheaded and right when the ax is going to fall, you know, he switches her out for a dummy, then starts the camera back up and he chops the dummy's head off. Right. And it's, it looks pretty good. Like you can't, there's no big weird jump. Right. He did for 1893. He did a really good Job. Yeah. And the key to that is just making sure that no one touches the camera or even breathes on it. Don't move. And then getting the dummy in the same position as the, the actor. Yeah. And In fact, as we'll talk about later with matte paintings, it's so crucial that the camera not move. That one technique was, they used to bury the camera tripod like a couple of feet into the earth.


Makes sense. Just to make sure like no dumb dumb pa bumps into it like me. So Alfred Clark is credited with the first special effect, but a guy named George Meise. Did I get it? Meise? We should go ask Casey Gramm. Oh yeah. He would know. I think It's Meier. Oh, nice. And I think you just nailed it. George Meier. At any rate, this guy is known as the father of Special Effects. Yeah. He was very early on doing stuff that no one else was doing. You know, granted, there were very few people working in this field at the time.


None of the five people did, But he was an illusionist. And he said, oh man, I can really do some amazing tricks with this camera. And he really put it to good use from a, a very early, like, I mean, turn of the last century. Yeah. He actually stumbled upon that little stop trick by accident when he was shooting a street traffic scene in Paris in 1896. The camera jams while I think a bus was coming across frame, he's like, mad fixes the camera. Can we say that? Sure. All right. We don't have any French people listening To it. Yeah, that's true. Starts the camera back up and of course there's different things happening. And then when he went back to look at it, it's, he kind of just stumbled upon this weird little substitution splice that became part of filmmaking.


Yeah. Because by the time the, the camera had started up again, the bus was replaced by a hearse. Yeah. So it looked like when he went back and watched it, the bus suddenly transformed into a hearse. And he said, wait till they get a load of bewitched 70 something years from now. Yeah. So, Or no, I guess, what was that? In the fifties? Sixties. Sixties. All right. So you may not recognize George Meier's. Oh my God. At that time. I think so name. But you probably have heard of his work like a trip to the moon. Yeah. Well, it's very widely cited is like one of the first actual movies. I think it was in the 20 something minute range, but it was about some explorers in the Victorian era getting in a rocket and traveling to the moon and the rocket lands in the man in the moon's eye.


Yeah. Everybody's seen that. I don't care who you are, If you say you haven't, you have, yeah. This was the guy who made that, and this is a very early movie. It was from 1902, but he was doing all sorts of amazing stuff. He was using extensive costuming, masks, all sorts of in-camera techniques. He was painting on film frames. Yeah. And this is 1902. And like I was saying, this stuff was refined, but the was the basis of Special Effects for the next century to come. Should we take a Quick break? I think so. All Right. Let's take a quick break and we will talk a little bit about the mat technique right after this.


I'm actually pretty psyched about this.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create.


Hey, good drivers. Yeah. We're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting reviews. See route.com for tells


This. July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hyperallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, Chuck. As I said, I'm very psyched about the mat. Yeah. So this isn't, this is a little confusing the way it's laid out here. Okay. Because what, what Ed's talking about here with Norman Don is called original negative matte painting. Okay. If you hear of a matte painting that is a piece of glass where you have, and I'm gonna talk about the most common way you might see it employed Hmm. Is you take a, a big piece of glass and you paint like a cityscape on it. Right. Like really realistic. And then you put that in a scene and shoot it. So it's, instead of having someone in front of a city, and this was pre blue screen and green screen technology, you would just put Kurt Russell an escape from New York in a field and there's a matte painting of New York City behind him.


Right. And it looks great. And James Cameron painted that an escape from New York. He was a matte painter. Oh, I didn't know That. That was like his first job. It's neat. Like If you, If you, even If you do know what Chuck's talking about, go to the internet and just look up like great matte paintings. It's amazing. Yeah. There's a lot of really wonderful ones. One you've seen before, ones you haven't. But basically anytime you've seen a movie pre 1993, maybe 1990, where somebody walks into this enormous place or this amazingly elaborate future city or something like that, what you're actually looking at is an expertly painted painting that has been messed with in post-production or using an in-camera technique to make it look like it's alive or actually, you know, bustling or energetic or There.


But it's really a, it's a painting. It's a painting that some amazing human being painted by hand. Yeah. And we should point out, they still do this today. They just do it digitally and digital. Matt painters are super talented as well. Sure. But it's kind of neat to think about that old craft and James Cameron painting a piece of glass. Yeah. And sticking that behind Kurt Russell. And I mean, it was used in everything. Like I, for my money matte painting is the single most important and widespread special effect ever. May be hard to argue That. Thank you. Like it, it was in Mary Poppins when Mary Poppins is coming into the city of London. Yeah. Floating down.


That's a matte painting. When Superman walks into the, where's the, what's the name of the place where he is from the, the Crystal Cave where? Fortress Of Solitude. Yeah. Is that where he, he talks with, with Marlon Brando, his dad? Yeah, I think so. Okay. That's a matte painting. And I think the Fortress of Solitude are the remnants of Krypton. Okay. I'm, and boy Superman people are so mad at me right now. That's probably not right. Right. Are there Superman people still? I thought everybody was on the Marvel train. No, people love Superman. Really? The comics. Oh, okay. Because I was gonna say, I mean you've seen what they've done in Superman lately, right? In Batman. Yeah. So that's the matte painting.


And what that is, it's called set extension. So that basically means you're just sort of extending the real life set to make something bigger and more opulent. Gotcha. Or maybe not more opulent, just bigger and more. Right. But here's the thing, relying on that matte painter and having the glass there and glass can break and it can, you know, on set with lighting can be weird. So that's all can get a little hinky. So that's why this technique called original negative matte painting was developed by Norman Don. Okay. And that is when nowadays they'll use what's called a Mapbox, which is literally a like black, I don't think it's cardboard these days, but whatever they make out of a cardboard thing that you put over the lens to block out whatever you want to block out.


Back in the day they would paint cardboard and hold it in front of the lens or they would actually paint the lens. And what you're essentially doing is painting away, it was early green screen. You're painting away what you don't want in the frame or what you want in the future. And then adding that later on. Right. And because it's black or because it's covered, there's light is not hitting that part of the film. That part of the film, the actual film strip itself that you're, you're recording onto or filming onto, that's unexposed. All that gets exposed is the part of the lens or the camera that is not covered, that has say your actor like doing the herky jerky dance.


Right. Right. And then, so what you do after that is you take that film that has your actor doing the herky jerky dance project it onto a screen. So you see where the actor is. Yes. And on this screen you literally paint the background that you want. Then you film the whole thing a second time and now you have your actor in the set that you originally wanted. Right. The only difference there, which is something that wasn't quite right here, is they don't like project it. They just develop a few frames of it. Okay. And project it like a slide. I gotcha. So it's not like the camera, the film is moving through on the wall. Right. Right. Because in the article here, it says, and then you just stop it.


And what happens If you do that is the, the bulb burns the film. Okay. So you can't just stop a movie Projector. You, you produce like a slide of and project that. Yeah. And then you paint in the castle or the, the mountain or the whatever you want and then you go back and expose it again. Yep. Pretty neat. You Just open your trench coat. There you go. And the big innovator with the original negative matte painting was Norman Don. And he really like, really led the way. But I mean, again, most of the stuff that that does this now is done by computers in post. But this is like the links people were going to to make movies at the time.


And you watch 'em today and you're like, God, it looks terrible. But If you stop and think about the effort that they were going to create, they were Inventing techniques To create this. Yeah. It's just mind boggling that they managed to get it, you know, to this point. Yeah. Norman Don tried to patent that technique as well, but they said, no, you did not invent this. You popularized it and you can't patent something that you made super popular. Yep. There's some other stuff too. There's like rear projection in front projection, which is basically like projecting the background, a moving background onto a screen behind the actors. Yeah. Basically, you know, all those hokey driving scenes. Yeah, yeah. Great. The person great. The car's being rocked or whatever the road behind them that's front or rear projection.


Yeah. The, and people still will use that as homage, like in Pulp Fiction very famously Bruce Willis or I guess not. Yeah. When Bruce Willis gets in the cab after the fight. Yeah. And if it looks old fashioned, that's 'cause QT used rear screen projection for that. Yeah. And there's also a technique that's not in here that I just remembered, so I'm actually having to look up what it's called when you're in a car scene. Right. But you're not doing a rear screen projection. Okay. So what happens here is you're, you're sitting in a car, in a still car on the set, but they're not projecting anything behind you. Okay. What you've got is two people shaking the car outta frame. What are they grips?


Yeah. Usually a grip. But I've, I've shaken cars and trains before. Okay. It's like, 'cause I'm just a body on the set. Oh, I gotcha. Like get in there and shake that thing. In fact, one job I was on though was a fake subway train and the hydraulics broke early on and they're like, bring out the PAs, you're gonna shake this train for 12 hours. They're like, you got rhythm, get in there. Yeah. Oh, we couldn't have too much rhythm 'cause we got yelled at for that because it looked too rhythmic. Gotcha. So we're like, I don't know what we're, I don't know how to do this. Who were you working for? It was just a commercial director. Gotcha. That said that our, our movement of the train looked too rhythmic and not believable. Right. So anyway, this Fruit of the looms commercial is totally unbelievable. You sit in the car, you're acting like you're driving, there's someone else shaking the car.


There might be someone else off camera like flashing a, a light through the car. Yeah. Like you're going by a street light. Yeah. Or a headlight goes across their face and there may be fake rain in the background and this is sometimes like 6, 7, 8 people working in concert to make it look like you're driving at night in the rain or something like that. Really? Right. So there's like a, an obvious background trees or road or whatever, but maybe there's headlights coming up behind you. It's just dark. Yeah. But there're people with a spotlight. Yeah. It's really, really cool. Yeah. It's old fashioned but people still use that stuff. Yeah. And I wish I could remember the full name of that technique. The, the shaken shimmy. It's, I, I'm gonna be so mad later on.


What Was this called? The Shaken shimmy. Okay. That's Right. So you talked about green screen and that's actually super old too. There's a really convoluted explanation about how originally green screen employed sodium vapor lights. Yeah. Which would actually mess with the yellow exposure on Pan Panchromatic film. And my brain, I started bleeding outta my ear. Yeah, me too. I cannot tell you how many times I read descriptions about this and I can't quite get it. So suffice to say that that was one technique for green screen. What really kinda changed the industry is when they figured out that, again, If you, If you, If you film in black, the, the film is not going to be exposed.


So anything you go and re-expose it to it, it will cover over that stuff. So like it's transparent. So for example, in The Invisible Man from I think 19 33, 19 33, Yeah. Claude Rains wore a black body suit and the background was black. It was a black screen, like a black green screen And, but he wore clothes and everything and bandages and sunglasses and I think he smoked a cigarette or whatever. But when he took the bandages off and we took his sunglasses and clothes off, there was nothing there. It was a black body suit and a black background. So when they filmed the background later on, all you could see was the background and the clothes and the bandages.


It looked like there was nothing there because as far as the film was concerned, when they were filming it, there wasn't anything there. So the film wasn't exposed in those sections on each frame. That's right. And that's called the Williams process. And a key part of the Williams process is the optical printer. And that is a projector that actually prints an image directly onto the film that runs through the camera while that printer and camera are synced up. Yes. So this is, to me, the optical printer is the second most widespread and useful special effect technique in the history of film. You just waved your hand. I did. So they suddenly had an Ascot and a beret on. Yeah. Hard to argue that too. But all this stuff was just precursor to what was blue screen early on, chroma key blue and then later became chroma key green.


Right. I'm not sure why they made the switch. Actually. I don't either. Other than maybe the green Less prevalent or less use. I think so. Probably. Maybe the blue was, 'cause you know what, you don't want anything close to that color Right. Will disappear against the green screen. Anyone who's ever done the weather on the newscast can tell you that. Yeah. There have been, there are blooper reels of weather people disappearing. Yeah. When they wear like a green jacket or something. Right. It looks like the weather's going on through their body. Same thing. Yeah. So, so I wanna say one more thing about optical printers or another little bit about it. Sure. So what you have is a projector projecting a film on to a screen and you have a camera recording what's being projected.


Right? That's right. That's the optical printer. And you could do all sorts of stuff with that. So let's say you have a shot where you have one mat in the foreground and live actor and then another mat in the background that has a bunch of different people in it or something like that. Yeah. Or Storm Troopers three. Okay. So you got three different elements to that shot. What you would do is using the same film, film each thing. So you go film that like the, the actor, the live action actor. You've got that on the film and you project that and you take film where you're filming the mat and you project that and film that. I just totally have screwed this up. Oh my God. This is just like, oh what Was the Sun?


No, it's worse than that. Was it false? False positives? Do you remember that time where I was like, I took a pretty simple thing and just completely walk the dog with it. Yeah. Okay. Well let's just do that again everyone, I want you to go look up optical printers, read a little bit about 'em and then you'll say, oh Josh is right. Yeah. This tough stuff. It is essentially you're filming a projection and you can do that multiple times with the same film and, and adds up to where you have the shot you wanted. Where it makes it look like all these things that you filmed three separate times are all happening together in one space. Yes. You are marrying separate images together onto a single piece of film.


Right. But you couldn't do that with before optical printers, which is a projector and a camera working together. That's right. Okay. I think I needed an that We should mention briefly motion controlled cameras. This is a system that allows it, it's basically taking the, the person outta the equation. There is not a person pushing a dolly. There is not a person moving the camera. It is a machine that is programmed to move a camera through space very, very precisely and exactly the same every single time. Yeah. So you can do the exact same motion over and over Again. Over and over. And a lot of times you'll, if you're on a TV commercial, as boring as that is, you'll see stuff like this for like a food shoot because food shoots are notoriously tricky 'cause everything's super close up and has to be perfect and you can't be off a little bit with a camera.


'cause a lot of times you'll sub in stuff later and post. And that's the whole reason for emotion control is to replicate moves with exact precision. So I was reading about Industrial Light and magic using this to really great effect with the first Star Wars, which is episode four. Right. The New Hope. That's the first one. Right, right. I'm not confirming or denying anything. I'm just gonna let that stand. Episode four is the first Star Wars movie that ever came out. Correct. The Star Wars of New Hope is the first episode Okay. That I ever saw in a movie theater because It's the first one that ever came out anyway when they were making this, you know, is it a star destroyer?


The big, the big daddy ships. Okay. Oh man, we're gonna get murdered. Everything. All of the ships in Star Wars were models. Yes. Fairly small models. Actually they weren't You got that right. Weren't the biggest. Okay. I think it was episode four. I'm almost positive. Okay. So those models were not moving in these shots and these enormous, like huge panoramic shots where like there's tie fighters flying around, shooting everything and X-Wing fighters shooting the tie fighters. None of those models were moving. What happened was they figured out how to use motion controlled cameras so that the, the camera would go through the shot and around the model and make it look like the model was moving and plus it was moving the shot through space.


Right. Right. The thing is is let's say you have five different ships. You film those five ships separately, but those five ships are all going to be in the same shot. So you have to film that same shot the exact same way. Right. Five different times. And then run it through an optical printer so that you can get all of them all five shots onto the same strip of film. But that's one of the, one of the ways that motion, motion control cameras were really put to good use. And it was extremely groundbreaking because not one of those ships were moving. In reality, when they were filming Star Wars. Can you name five star Warships? Tie Fighter X-Wing Fighter.


You already said one, you were Right. The Ty Fighter two The Deuce is what the people in the know call it. Sure. The you Already said Star Destroyer, you should Use that. So Star Destroyer was right? Yeah. There's a star destroyer. Oh, okay. You made a face. Like I just was just totally off. You could make the case that End Indoor was a ship, even though it was a planet. There was the, the the forest speeder, the the pod racer. Yeah. And Dr. Zaas. That's right. He's the final ship. Yeah.


Do you know how many people, Oh boy. They, their calf muscles just popped right out of the back of their legs. Holly Fry is like hyperventilating somewhere in the office and she doesn't know why. So as I said earlier, it's, it's usually a com combination of these different techniques to create one overall special effect using these different crafts. And a great example is Jurassic Park and the, and the scene with the Velociraptors in the kitchen at Great, great sequence when it was playing cat and mouse with those children. Yeah. There were puppets, there were actors in costumes, there were animatronic raptor heads and there were full CGI raptors.


And you throw this all in a hat, mix it all up and it comes out to be like a really believable looking scene. Yeah. It comes out as an Oscar. Yeah. I'm sure they won Oscars, right? They had to have, I don't know, but there's just no way It was groundbreaking. I remember being just gobsmacked in the movie theater. Yeah. When I first saw those dinosaurs walking across the screen. And that was 1993, I believe for the first Jurassic Park. Right. Jurassic Park. A New Hope the first one that came out. So, but that was five years after the first Oscar had been awarded for Special Effects as far as I know.


Oh really? I believe that The Abyss was the first one to win an Oscar for Special Effects, maybe? Or there No, no. I'm sorry. I'm way off, way off The Abyss was the first movie to win a special effect for a CGI effect. Okay. Remember the water? Sure. Still Looks pretty good. It looks amazing. Yeah. And this was 1987 we're talking about. Wow. Was That when that Came out? Yeah. I was surprised to see that too. 'cause I, it holds up. I thought it was Yeah. It's a good movie. Yeah. I really like that movie. How do you not like Ed Harris? You don't like Ed Harris? What? Did you not like Ed Harrison? No, I like, I like him as an actor. I think a lot of people might have problems with Ed Harris as a person.


He's notoriously cantankerous. I I I've never heard that. I believe it. Sure. He looks like he could yell somebody down, doesn't he? Sure. But he also keeps a cool head when he is an actor as a seventies or sixties NASA guy. Hey, I love Ed Harris. Alright, let's take another break. Okay. And we're gonna come back and talk a little bit about Star Wars episode, whatever. Right after this.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting resources, unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM Let's create.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the root app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the root app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


This July 4th. Celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th. Get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain Restrictions may apply.


Okay, we're back and we should talk. We should mention the garbage mat real quick. Okay. Because that is, that is a big deal. A lot of times you have wire work or you have, you have things hanging from wires. It doesn't have to be a person. It can be like a model plane or a tie fighter or whatever. Sure. You gotta get rid of those wires. Unless you're Ed Wood, you Can't have fishing line. No, you're supposed to not. But Yes. Or If you're Charlize tho and Mad Max Fury Road, you gotta get rid of that arm. Or if you're in for Gump, you gotta get rid of Lieutenant Dan's legs. Man, that was amazing. That was the first time anybody's ever done really something like that.


Throughout. Yeah. I have my problems with that movie for sure. And one of them is, I think he way over, he was like a kid in a candy store and way overdid the like. And now Forrest is in the White House and using archival footage and sticking forest in it. Yeah. That whole like half hour dialogue he has with Peter Cushing's ghost. It was uncanny. But I get it. I get why these filmmakers get excited. These really technical wizards. Well, you know, and they get a new technique and they just hammer it. The guy from Industrial Light and Magic, when they made the first Star Wars, call it what you will, his name was I think John Dykstra.


And this motion controlled camera assembly that they created was called Dyflex. It was super groundbreaking and they really did amazing stuff with it. Well he's like a legend in this industry now and I saw an interview with him recently and he was like, I'm so tired of seeing just whole cities leveled and like just the most amazing stuff you can possibly think of being done just because we can do it. Right. He, he, he put it really, really well. I think it's an embarrassment of riches. Yeah. You know Totally. Like it can be done. So it's being done. Yeah. Everybody's doing it. It's just, you know, like, and it makes it less amazing.


Not necessarily 'cause it looks bad, it just keeps looking better and better every time. Yeah. Like If you, If you look at Charlie's Theron's prosthetic arm or missing arm. Yeah. Compared with Lieutenant Dan's missing legs looks Radically different. It does. So it's getting better. There's just too much of it, I think is the point. No, I'm with it. Just to be, just to be all Ed heresy on this. No, I have long predicted a, a return to practical effects Really. And it's starting to happen a little bit more and More. Yeah. I could see starting with indie filmmakers. Yeah, for Sure. Which Is funny because finally computer generated effects have trickled down enough. Yeah. Like you or I could just walk out of the studio and probably get on any one of those Macs out there and use stuff that 10, 15 years ago Oh yeah.


Would've cost $500,000 to set up a rig like that. Yeah. And that's how some young filmmakers have gotten noticed is by making these short films with like zero money on their computer that get a lot of action on YouTube because it looks so amazing. Right. And the studio will be like, sign that person up. Yeah. I can't remember the guy's name, but that's happened a couple of times in recent years to Ed Harris. We should talk about a few of the groundbreaking people over the years. Oh yes. We'll go through these a little quicker than what we have in front of us, I think. But oh no. We should mention Lon Cheney. Sure. One of the original superstars of film in the Silent era.


The Man of a Thousand Faces. He was, he was very talented doing his own makeup and changing his face. That's why he's called the Man of a Thousand Faces. Right. He's like, here's 997. What about Willis O'Brien? He was one of the pioneers of stop motion photography. Again, if you're a California racings fan, you have a lot to thank Willis O'Brien for. Yeah. He also, this dude, the stuff he did, I mean If you look back, he did King Kong in the 1933 King Kong. Yeah. And If you look back at this, you're like, this is, this is cool. But If you research what was done to create this, you're just blown away by It.


Yeah. Again, many processes coming together to create that 1933 version of King Kong. And that fight looks good still. It does. I mean, it doesn't look realistic, but consider the year it looks awesome. It does. And it's about three, three and a half minutes long King Kong fighting the Tyrannosaurus Racks. But it took seven weeks to film. Yeah. Because there's 24 frames shot per second in a film. That's right. And for every frame they moved the models a little bit here or there. Yeah. So that's why it took seven weeks just for that fight scene. I think it was 55 weeks for all of the stop motion photography.


Wow. That was done in that movie. Yeah. That's impressive. It, It really is impressive. Especially when you realize the trouble they went to when you go back and watch it like this is pretty nuts. Yeah. Ray Harry Hausen continued the work of Willis O'Brien and very famously in like the fifties and sixties with movies like Jason and The Argonauts and Clash of The Titans. Yeah. Remember Medusa? Sure. Scary Lady. Yeah. That had to be toward the end of his career, I guess. 'cause that was in the eighties. Yeah. I think like 81. Maybe that boy Remember the Maui Man? That was cool movie That, that was a big movie for me as a kid. Yeah. And I was like, when LA Law came along, I was like, I know that guy. That's right. There's the Titans guy.


We, we should shout out Millicent Patrick. This is a very interesting story. She was one of the only, well, first and only women working in Special Effects back in the day. Right. And she created the very famous mask of the Gilman from Creature from the Black Lagoon in the mid 1950s. And was unceremoniously fired, Not just fired, stricken from the credits. Yeah. This guy named Bud Westmore, he assisted her and then basically had her fired rather than give her the credit for the mask, which he would take credit for Because I think he was the supervisor in Charge of Effects or costume or something. Oh. I thought, I guess he assisted her, but he was her boss.


Yeah. Okay. But it like she very clearly on her own came up with the Gilman for Yeah. The Creature from the Black Lady. And this has only come out in the last like few years. They've kind of dug up the original stuff and Yeah. Sexism just basically pushed her outta the industry altogether. Yeah. Very sad. She's starting to get her do now though, which is good. Yeah, that is very good. There's Dick Smith is amazing. He created The Squibb. Oh really? Yeah, he's a, he's a very famous makeup artist. He's really good at making people look aged. Yeah. He made a 47-year-old Marlon Brando look much older. 45 than The Godfather. Oh Yeah.


Yeah. He was only, he was a year younger than me. That's Brando's Crazy. I never thought about that. Isn't that nuts? Wow. He really is good. He also did Death Becomes Her, which is one of the all time great movies. Oh Yeah, yeah. For sure. And The Exorcist. Yep. And scanners. And have you ever seen Ghost Story from 1981? Oh yeah. Yeah. Very scary movie. The old dudes. He did. He did that. What else? Very famously aged Dustin Hoffman, A little big man by many, many years. Sure. And then in the last like 25, 30 years, Rick Baker and Stan Winston. Stan Winston's. He's got my vote. Yeah. I mean these two guys were both just creative leaders in the industry and trailblazers in the industry.


And as Ed says in here, like mentored a generation of Special Effects employees, employees, creators, artists. Sure. All three of those work, Lord Gig workers, Rick Baker, American were in London in 1981, which still holds up the thriller video in 1983. Star Wars MAs, Isley Cantina. He made all those. Yeah. Did you know that about the Maoz Isley Cantina? Sure. I didn't know that. He was s almost single handedly responsible for all Of them. Oh yeah. And then Stan Winston, you gotta talk about movies like The Thing and Predator and Terminator and they both have set up, you know, foundations in schools and things like that. Stan Winston also did the makeup for what I think is maybe the best slash film of all time Friday the 13th.


Part two. Yeah. Too is when Jason comes along. Right? Yes. It's Jason before he got his mask, he gets his mask in three. I think the Friday 13th franchise is as good as it gets for horror movies. I dropped off at a certain point. Did you see all of those? No, no, I still haven't seen all of 'em. But even just putting like the first five or six up. Yeah, I, I think it's like watching them again as an adult. I'm like, these are really good. Yeah. Scary Slicer films. Like even better than I remember from being a kid. Yeah. And the reason Stan Winston filled in for Friday the 13th, part two is because the guy who did Friday 13th, the first one, Tom Sini was unavailable. He was off doing creep show, I believe.


But Tom Savini is another legend. I think they're redoing creep show. Are they? Oh, okay. I'd watch that. Different stories. Oh, even better I think, If I'm not mistaken. Nice. But yeah, Savini is well known for being sort of the godfather of Gore. Yeah. He did Maniac. Did you ever see that? Yeah. That was an off the Rocker movie. And then these days there are companies ILM and, and Weta, ILM, industrial Light Magic is Lucas' Company. And they're cool because they invented this stuff because Lucas needed stuff to be done that couldn't be done. Right. And he was like, go figure out how to do it.


And they did. They Really did. And then Weta is Peter Jackson's company. Oh, okay. And he's the one that has really pioneered the mocap, the motion capture techniques Where a person's wearing like a suit and the suit has a bunch of different, kinda like almost ping pong balls all over it. Yeah. At like joints and crucial places where the body moves and the actor stunt person or dancer, whoever wearing the suit goes through the motions and then they're Just going through the motions. Sure. And that, that those motions, what's captured is fed into a computer and the computer generates a character doing all those same motions, creating the performance. But it's a computer generated character. Yeah.


I don't think he was the first, but the, the Gollum character in those Lord of the Rings movies was really one of the first really terrific looking fully CGI character. Yeah. I found, from what I could tell the first full CGI character ever in a movie. You want to guess, you'll never guess. Well, I mean, it's touted as Indiana Jones in the Last Crusade Wrong. Really? What is it gonna Be? It's another Spielberg movie. Okay. It's young Sherlock Holmes. What was, do you remember The Stained Glass Night that comes to life and tries to slash one of them with his sword first full CGI character in a movie?


Well, why, I don't know, but that's what I could find. And that one's from 1985. Well it, it says maybe there's, it's in the nitpicky language because in the last crusade when Walter Donovan's face melts and turns to dust when he drinks from the jaice that's In, that's in Raiders of the Lost Arc, isn't it? Oh no, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry. Last Crusade. Okay. Yeah. It says here it was the first ever digital composite of a full screen live action image. There's something in the language there. Yeah. Like, because What I saw, Maybe It wasn't full screen or something. This was the Gotcha. This was a, the first CGI, but it wasn't the first CGI image.


This was the first moving CGI image. The first CGI image was in Looker. Remember that movie I Totally saw Looker? Yeah. That was a big HBO movie for me For sure. Same here. It was Looker Runaway, Kroll Runaways, Tom Sellick. Yeah. And Gene Simmons is The bad guy. That's Right. That saw Kroll a lot too. Oh yeah. Looker had Albert Finney right. If I remember correctly, Albert Finney and Susan Day. Yeah. Susan Day. It was written by Michael Creon. I think That was the first full body 3D human, but it did not move. It was static. Yeah. And the very first computer generated effects period, funny enough, were used to replicate computer screens.


So whenever you would see a computer screen in like Westworld or Aliens or Star Wars and they were like, what is the computer gonna look like? You know, not now that that was the first time they used computer generated imaging was to Yeah. Make a fake computer screen. And the first full CGI scene ever done was in the Wrath of Khan, which I believe came out in 1982. But there's a genesis like Earth being, you know, like cooling and turning into the earth and there's these amazing shots around it. That's all CGI. And that was the first one. And Tron. Oh yeah. I thought for sure Tron would've been among the first, apparently most of that was animated by humans, not computers.


That's right. The like all the glowing lines, all that stuff animated, which makes it nuts that they were able to create that. Yeah. The now the big thing is this de aging technique that they're getting better and better. Yeah. They really are. Yeah. So the new Scorsese picked the Irishman, I think Dages and it, and has taken a long time to get out because the de aging didn't look good enough for Scorsese. So they de aged Dero. And then I saw this new Ang Lee movie, Gemini man, where Will Smith of, now he plays in Assassin and he has to go kill his younger self Looper. Yeah. Sort of like Looper I guess.


But this Gemini man script has been in development for like 25 years with various people attached. But they could never do it Because the technology was there. Yeah. Huh. It's finally here. But that's neat. Here's the thing, I didn't know, like I've seen this trailer and I'm like, man, that de aging looks great. They didn't de-age him. It is a fully CGI will Smith. Oh. And it looks that realistic. The Younger version is. Yeah. Wow. So I was like, man, they're getting so good at the Aging. Wow. That's amazing. So he mo capped his whole performance motion captured. Yeah. And they just used Fresh Prince photos, Man, they just basically deep faked him Sort of Prince photo. Have you seen the Bill Hater Deep Fake that's going around now? Yes. That's pretty cool. Yeah. 'cause he goes from hater to Tom Cruise to Seth Rogan, back to Tom Cruise.


It's like kind of all over the place. Yeah. It's Really creepy. It's really well done. And then, you know, like we said, they use CGI for so many movies, little Mistakes that can be corrected. Little things that it's just much cheaper to add digitally later on. Right. It could be a movie that, like I said, looks like it has no CGI whatsoever. And it's cheaper to put a plate of food in the background digitally than cook the food. Right. And put it on set. Right. Which is, that's a bad example. Or you can color grade a movie. You completely change like the movie. Oh brother Wear Art. Thou has that yellow hue for everything. Yeah. All that stuff is green. You know, they're in the deep south in the summertime. Right. And they used to have to like film it at some weird exposure and then project it at another exposure with some filter and then record the whole thing on an optical plane.


The negative. Yeah. Now they can just do it all with the computer. Easy peasy. That's great. Do you have anything else? I'm kinda looking around, but this is like one eighth of this topic. Yeah. Hopefully it made you appreciate movies more. Yeah. You specifically Me. I'm just kidding. I know you love the movies. Sure. If you wanna know more about movies, go listen to Chuck's podcast, movie Crush. You'll love it. Hey, thanks. And since I said Movie Crush, it's time for Listener Mail. And actually since you said Movie Crush, we're about to release an episode on The Matrix. Oh yeah. Hadn't seen that movie. It's been 20 years since it came out.


You've Never seen The Matrix? No, I hadn't seen it in a long time. Oh, so I gotcha. But I didn't realize this is the 20 year anniversary. Watched it last night. Still totally holds up. Really Looks great fun. Yeah, well acted by most of the cast members Who didn't act well. Oh, you know, Keanu always gets picked on. I love that guy. I know Kung fu. He's perfect in that role though. I love Yeah, he is great. I can't imagine anybody else in it. It'd be too, just too serious I think. Like imagine Tom Cruise in that in the Matrix. Yeah, you're Right. He adds a little like something light, doesn't he? Yeah. It makes it a little more every man. Almost a little more believable in a weird way.


I think so. Have you seen those John Wick movies? I've seen some of it. It's just like a little too video gamey for me. Yeah, but I mean, it's fine. I I respect that. People like it. Sure. Here we go. Okay, this is about 3D, 3D. It's about solar panels. I got, I got movies on. You got 3D got the, well, they're in three DI guess. Okay. I got movies on the brain. Hey guys. Being a roofer my entire life, I never thought I'd have much input until now. It's my time to shine. One thing that wasn't mentioned in the solar panel episode is that people really need to consider the age of their existing roof before installing solar panels. Oh, that's a good point. A new residential shingle roof should last about 30 years.


But if the roof isn't nearly new, I would not suggest installing solar panels. And definitely don't install it if the roof, the roof, the roof is on fire Once the panels are installed. Roof repairs or replacement is very difficult and much more expensive. If the life of the roof ends before the solar panels die, you can easily add 50 to 75% or more to the cost of the re-roofing. Oh my God. Due to the added labor costs to remove and reinstall the panels. What a Nightmare. Yeah, I didn't even think about that. So you should align it ideally with your new roof. Sure. I do mostly commercial roofing. Can't tell you the number of customers who I talked to had solar panels on an old roof and are now paying through the nose for repairs or replacement.


Reputable solar panel specialists should have this roof conversation with a potential customer before installing the panels, if I'm afraid it doesn't always happen. Or customers underestimate the added re-roofing cost. Mm. Once they're installed. Man, this is a great PSA. It is. Thanks again for what you guys do. I'm in my truck a lot driving to different job sites and it's always easier on Tuesday through Thursday. Nice. When I have a new Stuff You Should Know. And that is from Owen. Great name first and last. Yep. Love the name Owen. Stephen King's kids'. Name one of 'em. Yeah. Owen King. Thanks a lot Owen.


We appreciate that big time. That was a great email. I would've never thought about that. And he didn't even send his business in to be plugged. So just Google his name and roofing and if he happens to live near you, use Him. That's how dedicated this guy is. He sounds honest. Well, If you want to be a cool person like Owen, you can get in touch with us. You can go onto Stuff You Should Know dot com and check out our social links. You can also send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.