
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hi everybody. Back to the Stuff You Should Know, summer movie playlist. And this one is from January, 2013. It's our house stuntman and women work episode. I think your socks are gonna be knocked off by how hard these people work for our movie viewing enjoyment you enjoy too. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know from How stuff works.com. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. And this is Stuff You Should Know. Well, Jerry had a itchy trigger finger. Did you? Here in there? Yeah. She's ready to go home.


Yeah. She was like, come on. 3, 2, 1, go. You guys aren't my entire life. I know. We like to think we are, but that is where we're like 0.1% of Jerry's life. Yeah, she's giggling in there. She's quite the adventurer. How you doing man? I'm great man. I'm ready to jump from a tall building or roll a brand new car, Man. Sorry. That's what I was gonna ask you. So I guess you did the intro for us. Go ahead. Let's pretend like that didn't happen. No, it's fine. Okay. You were just doing what the theme from the fall guy starring Lee Majors 1980s awesome TV show with probably the best truck ever featured in a TV show.


Yeah. That GMC man, that thing is sweet. Yeah. You know, dudes recreate that truck If you, If you Google it, there's a lot of guys that have like made that truck for themselves For good reason too. It's a cool truck. Yeah. And it's interesting that the fall guy points out a couple of the show itself points out a very important things as far as Stuntmen go. One is that he had to moonlight as a bounty hunter. And that's kind of one of the things we'll learn is that there's not a lot of work out there and to go around, you know, like it's tough to make it as a stunt man. Yeah. You get punched. Yeah. And b, he's, If you look at the lyrics to that theme song, man, he is really salty about not getting the glory and the girls Yeah.


Mainly the girls And the glory. He, he, well when he winds up in the hey, it's only, hey, hey, hey, hey. So the song complains about not getting glory or women and that is one of the hallmarks though of the stunt person is to remain anonymous And to be bitter about it, I Guess. So very few stunt people you've ever heard of. Well, yeah, there, the, the Academy of Arts and Sciences, they give out the Academy Awards, the Oscars Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Yeah. They don't have a category for stunt people. Nope. Never have. And the reason some people give is because they like to maintain the anonymity and the illusion.


Sure. That's provided by stunt people filling in as doubles for stars. Yeah. But you can win a what We'll see award. You can win an Emmy for best stunt coordinator. True. Or the stunt award, they had their own stunt awards. Oh yeah. The Taurus World Stunt Awards. Yeah. You can win a Tory, They took a, they took a hiatus. I saw that there was 2010 and they're having stuff for 2012. Couldn't find anything about it. 2011. Really? Yeah. So If you know what happened to the tourist world stunt awards for 2011, we are curious. Interesting. Let us know. So thanks for listening. So anyway. Oh well let's talk about the history of stunt people.


They pretty much have only been around as long as you've had motion pictures, right? Yeah. There, there wasn't much of a need for 'em before then. No. I mean, maybe for like a show or something like that, like a while Bill Hickok show. Oh, I guess I see your Point. You call them stunt men, but, but really you, you kind of wanna differentiate because you can also say, alright, so people who ride horses on standing up on a horse's back, that's a stunt person. Yeah. Right. A, a guy who like is in the X Games, those extreme sports kids. Sure. That all the kids are into these days. That's a stunt. Yeah. These are by, you know, technically stunt people. What we're talking about are movie stunt people.


Sure. And the whole point to their, their craft isn't to like, you know, do a five 80 on a bike unless somebody asks them to. Yeah. What they want to do is create what you would just take for granted. Like, oh, that guy just got clocked. Right? No, he didn't actually get clocked. That was a stunt man who knows what he's doing. And that was a carefully choreographed scene that just flew right past you. But it still, your brain still just absorbed it as that man just got punched even though that didn't really happen. That's right. And we will probably slip into the word stunt man here and there instead of stunt people. Of course there were tons and tons of stunt women, but we'll say stunt persons are stunt men and like luckily there are women now in the, back in the day they would dress men as women to do stunts many times.


Yeah. There Was a lot of cross-dressing back in The day. There was until they decided, hey, women are people too and they can act and do stunts. Right. Just like guys can, We could put them in danger just as much as well. Exactly. So, so there wasn't much call for stunt people for movies before movies, just by definition. Sure. Don't be ridiculous. But right out of the gate when we started making movies, we started needing people to do stunts and the earliest people who were doing stunts were actually comedians, slapstick comedians. Like Buster Keaton had a very famous early stunt Steamboat Bill Jr. Is that what it was in? Yeah. The very famous, you've probably seen it in like, you know, Hollywood legends of screen clips and things like that on a MC.


Yeah. It is the famous shot where the front facade of a house falls down and on. Well it would've been on Buster Keaton, but he is saved because the attic window or attic door was open. So it just falls all around him. And there was some careful measuring in place because if he would've been off by a few inches he would've been dead. Yeah. And that was a real thing. Like the earliest stunts were nothing but the real thing. Like apparently If you had, I don't know, somebody hanging from like the construction, the skeleton of a steel skyscraper. Yeah. You needed that shot. That's what the guy did.


Yeah. And they, and Ed the ster wrote this one of course. And Ed points out that back in the day before there were, were like, you know, before they called them stuntmen, they were just like, lemme go find someone crazy enough to go do this. Exactly. And that guy, that that guy at craft service looks crazy enough to do it and let's go see if he wants an extra 20 bucks. Yeah. And he does. Yeah. Because Beck, you know, in 19 0 2 20 bucks was a lot. Sure. So as the, the film industry grew and grew early in the 20th century, we went from just nothing but slapstick comedies to things like westerns and action flicks.


Yeah. And all of a sudden those people who really can ride on the back of a horse standing up became stunt people as well. And as, as stunts became more and more complex, the idea of having somebody whose job and specialty was to just do the stunt and make it look like the actor the star Sure. Was doing it started to really develop. Yeah. And then flash forward even more the sixties and seventies is when things really came to their own as far as stunt technology, developing things like Squibbs, which we will talk about for gunshots and air rams. Is that what they're called?


Yeah. It's like a, like a hydraulic pneumatic lift. Yeah. It Pneumatic now I think it just shoots you up into the air, like with a human cannonball. Right. But like, so if somebody, if a grenade blows up by somebody and you See the dude fly through the air And he was on a, a ram. That's right. And then other things like airbags and, and you know, more technology with cars with the roll cages. Like it just got more and more complex. Right. And now of course we have CGI which replaces a lot of stunts in many cases. Sadly. Yeah. Not necessarily to a better effect. Like all I have to say is kingdom of the crystal skull. Yeah.


Where it was like they suddenly cut to drawings of Harrison Ford swinging on a lasso. He's famous for doing his own stunts though. He didn't do him in Kingdom of the crystal skull. Well It's 'cause he's 89 years old and he would die. He was awesome in Bruno. I didn't see that. Was he Harrison Ford was in That Yeah. For, for about two seconds. Did They do like gay jokes to him or something? They didn't even get that far. Oh, okay. Yeah. Did he just shut it down? Yeah. Awesome. It was hilarious. But anyway, so stunts like the, the, I guess throughout this progression of the field of stunt people, safety's gotten better and better is what I think we were just trying to say.


Sure. To the point now where they're not even used. It's CGI. Yeah. But there's, there's always gonna be room for stunt people. Oh yeah. And the fact that it's gotten safer is, is much better. But there's still a, there's an element of risk to it no matter what it ster points out. If a stunt didn't present some sort of risk, there'd be no need for stunt people at all. That's true. The actors would do it. Yeah. But the actors can't always do it. That's right. And when you want to call in a stunt person is when they either have a specific skill that they're really good at, like fake martial arts or I mean real martial arts but fake hitting and kicking or Fake martial like quang like stuff you just made up.


It's a lot of like just front kicks in the air That that's what you practice. I've seen you QQ sword fighting, stage combat, like we've talked about, stuff like that. They're trained to fall, they're trained to, you know, safely fall I guess I should point out. And it just basically, it's a safety factor on one hand and it's a financial factor on the other because you can't have your main actor or actress going down with a broken leg Yeah. For four weeks. So you put your stunt person in there and keep your actor all nice and safe in their trailer. Yeah. Or you want to be shooting two things at once. So you have your second unit out there shooting the, the fast cars whizzing by in the car chase.


Then you have your first unit shooting the actor inside the car, driving a lot slower and acting like it's really fast. But Shouting and like moving the steering wheel back and forth a lot. Yeah. Maybe there's somebody rocking the car. What's that called? Poor men's process. Yeah. Is, yeah. So when you, I guess we should say this, when you're in a car you either have a, a camera rig on your car where it's the real car with cameras attached to it. We've done that. Or the car's on a process trailer, which means a lot of these shots you see with someone driving and you're like, they're not even paying attention to the road. Yeah. It's 'cause the car's sitting on a trailer being pulled by a truck. Right. Or so it's got a little rock to it. Little rock to it. Or you do the poor man's processes when the car's not going anywhere and you have PAs pushing on the outside.


Pushing on the outside little tricks with lighting to make it look like headlights going by. We've done that. It's really neat in the end to look at a scene that's poor man's process and think wow they're really not even moving and it looks so good. Yeah. Yeah. See If you can pick it out in the Stuff You Should Know. TV series. Oh They can probably pick it out. So yeah, it's financial. It makes sense. Also, one of the other reasons people use stunt people is they come with a set of skills that the average actor doesn't have A particular set of Skills. Exactly. That makes them very dangerous to you. And so it's, you can either hire a stunt man who looks like your star to carry out like a combat scene or Sort of look like your star Or you can teach your star, you know, spend all this extra money and time Yeah.


Training the star to this skill in a crash course. So it just, most of the time it makes sense to just hire a stunt person. Yeah. And you know, chances are these days you're gonna get a mix in a big action movie, you're gonna get a mix of all three. You're gonna get some CGI. Yeah. You're gonna get some stunt people and these days you're gonna get real actors doing some of the real fake fighting. Didn't Tom Cruise do a lot of his own stunts? Yeah, I got a list of actors who prefer to do their own Stunts. Okay. I didn't mean to jump the gun. No Crew. The cruise is famous for that. I was Reading this and I was like, I wonder if I would do my own stunts. I would do some I I would say sure I want to learn how to sword fight. Teach me like that's something I wanna know. And I'm certainly not gonna shell out for it myself ever. So let's go ahead and And learn now.


That's a good point. I would do my own stunts. It depends. The heights, no way I would do That. I would jump off of something. So California state law and of course there's shoot movies all over the place now and the union rules in Hollywood have really made it pretty safe these days. Yeah. But you're still gonna find injuries in your occasional death on set, which is really awful. Yeah. Well there always have been. Yeah. Pretty much from the beginning. Deaths and injuries. Howard Hughes. Yeah. The movie Hell's Angels, which we must have talked about in the Hell's Angels podcast. Mm, I'm sure we did. 'cause I think we talked about the origin of the name, which Was from the air combat.


It was the Yeah, that's what they think. The Fighting Hell Yeah. I think that was one of the theories. But there were three, maybe four fatalities. Yeah. Because they were doing like real dog fights with airplanes and there were a lot of crashes. Yeah. So that was a movie where people died. Yes. Very famously the Twilight Zone, the movie Jennifer, Jason Lee's father Vic Morrow and two Little Vietnamese kids died when a helicopter crashed into the water man. Where they were crossing a river that's on YouTube by the way. I know. It's pretty awful. It is. And I saw it recently 'cause I was just curious, I'd always wondered how it went down in my head.


'cause I've heard the story since the movie came out since I was a kid. And I was wondering like exactly what was the logistics and how did that go down? It's Pretty bad to watch. It is because it just goes totally outta control. It does. So I would not recommend that. But you do have to enter your age by the way to watch that video I Saw. Yeah. And onset the ad is ultimately responsible, the assistant director for everyone's safety. And in fact on our own little TV show, when we had fake guns on set just as props. Yeah. Like we didn't even use them in the scene, but just to have a fake gun on set, the ad has to announce to the whole crew and show them the gun. Say it's fake, it's not real.


Look at the barrel. There's no bullets, there's no nothing. It will not be fired. We will not be shooting blanks or dummy cartridges. And it's just, you know, even on a stupid little silly show like ours, you gotta be really careful with that stuff. Yeah. So Chuck, because of this incredibly high risk profession work stunt people must be paid out the yin yang. True or false? Well, They make a good rate, but like we said earlier, there's not a ton of work for the amount of stunt people trying to get work. Oh, okay. And that was when I used to work out in LA as a pa, I would always try and talk to the stunt people when I worked on jobs where they had stunt people.


'cause they're just really interesting. Yeah. And to say the least. And they would usually bemoan the fact that there's not a ton of work and you know, they're all kind of scrapping for the same piece of cheese. But that's like everyone in the film business. Sure. From crew to the lead actor, you're all, you're all after that same piece of cheese. Yep. And we've worked with some stunt people too. Yeah. You'd be surprised when you need to call in a stunt person. I worked on this one commercial where the, it was just like bad traffic on the highway that the shot was, and cars had to just sort of pull over to the side while another car came through. All the cars that pulled over to the side of the road had to have stunt drivers. Wow. Yeah. I was like, I could, I could do that.


Yeah. But then I'd be taking bread off the table of a stunt person. Right. Which is not good. And the whole production would shut down. That's true. Okay. So the most stunt people, I I you say, because there's just so little work for so many people, it's not a high paying job. A lot of people do it for the love of it, right? Yeah. I mean you can make money if you're experienced and get tons of work, obviously, but Right. I'd say those are the, the few and far between. But you'd have to love it because the hours are usually very, very long. Yeah. To do a stunt is not, you don't just walk up and get in the car and drive it and all of a sudden it flips and there's an explosion and you're hoping for the best. Right.


Like when you see a stunt, these things are rehearsed over and over again. Say for a car chase, they'll go through the entire car chase, but they'll do it at a low speed. Right. So that it's choreographed, rehearsed and everybody knows what's gonna happen when. Yeah. That takes a very long time. If you need to flip a car, you need to do measurements. The pyrotechnics guys are probably involved. Yeah. There's a lot of standing around. There's a lot of practicing. There's a lot of measuring. There's a lot of talking. And then if for, say you're doing something like in in water, you're probably standing in water the whole time. So you're doing that for 14 hours. Yeah. It, it sounds like some you would have to love your work to do this.


Yeah. It's definitely not a glory job. Especially factoring in the anonymity factor. Right. When you do all this and you do it absolutely perfectly, no one notices. That's The goal. Yeah. In fact, one of my biggest pet peeves is when you do notice and you see that one shot of the dude with a wig on that's supposed to be Clint Eastwood. Right. Yeah. It's disappointing. So you were saying the second unit director handles this, the second unit director is in charge of shooting stunts, but the person who's in charge of like of the stunts themselves is the stunt coordinator. Yeah. And that person hires the stunt people. Yep. Plans the stunts.


Oversees the stunts execution does everything but actually sets up the camera and all that. Or handles the camera shooting it, right? Yeah. It's basically its own like a film crew is broken up into many departments and that's just sort of its own little department. Yeah. Headed by the coordinator. Gotcha. Like they'll have a budget to work with and all that kind of stuff. Just like any other department.


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


So let's talk about how they do some stunts. Okay. And actually the second unit director a lot of times is a former stunt person or stunt coordinator. Right. It makes sense. It comes in handy. Sure. Let's talk about stunts without fire. How about punches? How about 'em? Stage fighting man. Yeah. Something we have not learned yet. That's pretty much a a must If you want to become a stunt man that, that's lesson one is go take stage fighting courses. Yep. Learn how to sell a punch as the giver and as the receiver without looking corny and hokey and fake like pro wrestling. Right. But it's very much similar to pro wrestling. Yeah. Especially if you've ever seen somebody throw a punch in pro wrestling and you can hear the skin slap.


Yeah. That's because that person was actually just punched. Yeah. The key is they weren't punched very hard. Right. Certainly not as hard as their, the jerk of their head would would say Or suggest. Yeah. You got camera angles and you've got sound effects. And through the art of movie magic, it looks like a good knockdown drag out brawl. Right. And if you've got like a really good stunt coordinator, there'll be like a punch that sold and the person who's being punched is on a ramp. So they fly through the air afterward. Yeah. That's awesome. Alright. Gunshots. We talked about squibbs A squibb is basically you're gonna have a chest metal chest plate with a squib on the front of it Right.


To protect your, your body. And it's a, it's, it's basically a little blood packet that's rigged electronically to explode when it's supposed to. And so the plate in between the squibb and your chest protects you. Sure. And maybe you are in charge of you, the stunt man are in charge. You have a little button Yeah. Maybe to, to Explode the charge or there's somebody else doing it remotely and it it's pretty awesome. Releases. Theater blood opens a hole in the shirt. Yeah. Pretty awesome. It is Very awesome. This, I didn't realize though, how they make bullet holes in like a, like a wall, right? Like a stucco wall. Yeah. I I thought this is pretty ingenious.


They drill the hole ahead of time and then they cover it up with like putty or paper or something and, and paint with a squib in there. Yeah. And they blow that squib out. Yeah. And it makes a bullet hole. It's pretty cool. It's ingenious. It's simple it seems like, but it's very ingenious. Well especially when you watch a movie, ideally you're getting lost in the movie not paying attention. But If you watch like a John Woo film or something Yeah. And you see just like a wall get riddled with bullets. Just think about all the time Yeah. Took, it took to set up all those squibbs And like what if the actor trips in the middle of it, you're just like, we have to do it again. Yeah. Which is no good. And in fact big stunts, they go with many, many cameras on stunts that you don't or can't recreate because of either danger or money.


Yeah. And like some of these shots have like, you know, a dozen or more cameras shooting all Time. Right. Which makes a lot of sense. Of course. And ster points out that another reason why you don't want to do a big take like that more than once is because every time you do the danger for the stunt person multiplies. Yeah. And I was like, how? And then I thought, oh, well doing It more right. Yeah. Your, your chances of of injury are increase. The more you carry out, the more times you carry out a dangerous act. So that's how it multiplies. Getting back to squibbs these days, a lot of directors are opting for CGI, blood and, and bullet wounds. But supposedly Quentin Tarantino and this is out by the time this comes out and chain Man, I can't wait to see it.


Supposedly he had 100% real squibbs and the blood like they're supposed to be the bloodiest, nastiest squibbs that Hollywood would've seen in years. Is that right? Yeah. It's supposed to be pretty awesome, huh? Yeah. Have you seen a machete? Yeah. That was pretty bloody. Yeah, that was bad though. I didn't Like it. I agree. It was but it was still pretty bloody. They also have blanks If you are firing a gun on set, it is probably a blank. You would hope So. It's not the same as a dummy cartridge. No. A blank actually. Fires, gunpowder has gunpowder and fires what's called a wide, just like paper or wood or plastic. And, but it does not obviously have shot or, or a bullet.


No. But there's sometimes when the bullet explodes, bits of metal can end up being shot out as well. Yeah. That's how Brandon Lee died when they were filming the crow. Yeah. His was actually an accident that was a bullet lodged in the barrel that they didn't know about What I thought. Okay. Well then I'm thinking of somebody else who like was messing around with a Gun that was, oh man, I can't remember his name And put it to his head. Yeah. And pulled the trigger and like the water, like the gases or something killed him. Yeah. That was, I can't remember his name, but it was on a TV show set and he like goofing around, put it to his head as a joke. Oh God. So you should never mess around with blanks. No, it's very dangerous still. No, but there was a bullet in the, Yeah, there was a bullet that got the guns mixed up and there was a real bullet slug lodged in the barrel that they didn't know about.


So it fired a blank, but it ejected that other thing. And Brandon Lee died on Side. Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah man. It was one of the biggest oopses probably in Hollywood history. Yeah. You know, I guess you could call it that. And I think he, they thought he was still acting and continued to roll cameras for a bit afterward. Oh geez. Even. Yeah. Very sad. Tragic. Are we to falling? Yeah. Which you'll do. I won't do. Yeah. I'll jump off of stuff. I've always done that. Well they Used these huge, huge airbags. Right? Well back in the day they did. And If you, and if you're doing a fall today, they still will sometimes. But generally these days they have like a bungee type contraption.


I would still demand an airbag. Yeah. They apparently also for shorter falls, they'll take some cardboard boxes and they'll cut the sharp corners off. Yeah. And then you jump onto that. Yeah. If you do that when you were a kid. No, no, no. I, I always would jump into water. I would jump like onto the ground off of like the credenza or whatever. And now I'm like, I wouldn't even do that. That's dangerous. Falls used to be the thing like I'm sure you remember as a kid falls were a really big deal for Stuntmen and Dar Robinson. Remember that guy? No, he did the, the Sharky machine fall. Okay. In Atlanta and the Burt Reynolds movie. Nope. It's very famous fall out of the Peachtree Plaza Hotel.


I was up in Toledo at the time. It was still, it was released in Toledo. Not In Toledo. Sharky machine was, yeah. Wait, off the, off of which hotel? He, he went through a window of the Peachtree Plaza and into, onto an airbag and it's just, it was one of the famous early falls in in or not early falls, but one of the famous falls. What floor did he jump out of? Oh man, I can't remember. Was it pretty high? Yeah. I mean it was over, over like 150 feet I think. Oh wow. Yeah. That's nuts. It was pretty cool. But see, so imagine planning that stunt how many times they measured Yeah. Everything. Yeah. To figure out where the airbags needed to go and then they probably supplemented it with additional airbags. And if they love the guy at all, they did all this.


Yeah. Stuntmen you, when you go to talk to one, If you're on set, you'll be disappointed by the fact that they aren't these crazy dudes. Like you want them to be, they're actually really sensible because they want to work and earn money. Right. So they want to be really, really sure that no one gets hurt. It's, it's a little more boring than you would think talking to them. Sure. But they're a little nuts. Yeah. Well you'd have to be at least a little. What else? Chuck Fire. How about fire? Yeah. I just saw Anchorman the other night. Remember when the, they had the street bra and the guy on fire just walks by. Yeah. Yeah. That's a pretty serious stunt. Sure. Like when you are, when you set yourself on fire. Yeah. And there's a lot of safety precautions. But even still it's, you're on fire whether you like it or not.


Yeah. You're wearing all kinds of fire protective clothing and fire retardant and then you're smeared with the flammable gel. Yep. You have a hood on that protects you Yeah. As well. And there's an oxygen tank in there. So you're basically just completely wrapped And this outfit. Yeah. But yeah, the flammable gels on and they liked you and then film you and you're going Oh, it's always the waving arms And the Oh, it always kind of looks The same and then the people run over and put you out with fire extinguisher. That's Right. Hopefully. But they time it very closely as well. Oh I'm sure. Because I, I think it's kinda like, well if we go 12 seconds he actually will catch on fire so we can shoot for 11, 11.5.


Right. Explosions are a big deal obviously these days There's so many explosions in movies. Sometimes they cheat a little bit when what's called a technique called force perspective to make it look like the actor is closer to the explosion. And if there's an explosion, you're probably also going to be propelled with the air ram that we were talking about. It's very, it's al I would call it a Hollywood trope at this point. The explosion in the dudes flying like 20 feet in the air. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. That was big in commando. Oh yes. Weren't there a lot of Air Rams used in Commando? Many more than I can count. That was such a good movie. Car chases and crashes.


Yeah. They used Rams as well. Yeah. They may be attached to the car. So if a car needs to flip, you see people like going up on a ramp or whatever. Yeah. And they probably use that if you're just trying to stay on two wheels. But if you're trying to flip, there's usually a ram that pushes the car, pushes it off Yeah. Of the ground and it flips. Or If you have 'em coming outta the rear, it'll make it jump really high. Oh True. Like in Hooper, I don't know all these movies you're talking about. Oh Dude, Hooper was the stunt man movie with Burt Reynolds. I didn't see it. Oh My god. Hal Needham very famous stunt man turned director directed Founder of the Cannonball Run. Well yeah. And director of the movie, the Cannonball Run and Smoking the Bandit and Hooper Hooper was about an aging stunt man, Burt Reynolds who was challenged by the up and comer.


Jan Michael Vincent. And of course there's the love relationship with Sally Field. She was in that too and it was good. It was like the best, it's sort of the best stunt movie ever. 'cause it was about stunts. Huh. And he had a rocket car in that one. That was a big rocket car jump. Nice. It was the big climax. I did not see Hooper. Oh dude, you need to see Hooper. What was I watching back then? What were you, you were probably watching TV and stuff I guess. Yeah, it was a little before your time. Secret of Nim.


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay is pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site-wide at washable sofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


And like I said earlier, stunt drivers, it's not all like a lot of this stuff you're gonna see on TV is stunt driving even though you might not think it's necessary. Yeah. Apparently to just pull off of the highway. Sometimes not. How do you become a stunt man, Josh? Well apparently as far as Grabowski says, you basically have to start off as an extra on the set. That's not necessarily true. Okay. If you wanted, If you wanna go from the absolute from from zero to stunt man in the slowest way possible, then you would start out as an extra on the set. You have to be a screen, you have to be a member of the Screen Actor's Guild in most cases. Yeah. And when you're hanging around the set, you identify who the second unit director or stunt coordinator is and you hand them your headshot.


This ed painted a path to becoming a stunt person that we've kind of laughed at. It is not the only path, but one thing is for sure to become a stunt person. You need to get to know someone else in that department. And that's really with every film department. If you wanna be in wardrobe, you should get a job as a PA and start hanging out with the wardrobe people. If you want to be in makeup, start hanging out with the makeup people. And that's just how it works in Hollywood. There is no degree you can get a film degree, but come on, that's wasted money. Just go to work on a set. You get to know the people in the department and then start bugging 'em a little bit when they're not busy. Stunt coordinators are a little testy 'cause there's a lot on the line, you know? Sure. So you know, If you're a new PA on set, don't run over to the stunt coordinator and start bugging 'em right away.


Pick and choose Right your time And then give 'em your headshot and Then give them your headshot. But yeah, what you're saying is that it's apprenticed based. It is. Basically there Are schools one recommended driving school, the Rick Seaman stunt driving school. Yeah. There's also the International Stunt school. That sounds pretty serious. And This is where you can learn to do some of this stuff, but it's not like you exit with a degree and then show up and say, now I'd like to do stunt work. Right. All the rest of you're fired. I have a degree from the International Stunt school And ster points out that you should have a large area of specialty rather than one thing. I Thought this was a very good point. Yeah. But that, that's not necessarily true.


I've talked to some stunt dudes that say eventually you would like to have a wide range of skills, but a good way to get in is to have one really specific skill that you're great at. And you might get that call like this guy's good with wire work or water work and or he's a hell of a driver or a really good motorcycle guy. Yeah. Or a great skier. If you're doing like a, what was that for your eyes only? Yeah. Was that the one that opened up the big ski Chase? Never say never again. I I get The two Chase. No, it's definitely Roger Moore. Okay. I think it's for your eyes only. Alright. But it helps to have these skills like a lot of stunt people or former motorcycle motocross racers or car enthusiasts or you know, how to stupid Stand up horseback riders.


Stand up horseback riding. Yeah. So a lot of 'em had these skills just anyway and they're like, Hey I can, I've been driving dirt trek for 20 years. Might as well make some money. Yeah. Film me. There's books out there. Are There. So you wanna be a stunt man by Mark Aspi. Oh, that's a great name for a book like that. The Full Burn by Kevin Conley. Fight Choreography, the Art of Nonverbal Dialogue by John Kring. And then Hal Needham's biography. Stunt man with a ca a exclamation ex. Had to be. Had to be. You got, you said you have a list of actors that do their own stunts. Yeah. I think most people know this. People like Jason Statham famous for doing his own stunts.


I see Zoe Bells on there. I thought she was a stunt person. Well she is and she was in death proof though as an actor. Right. And they were like, I guess they include her now 'cause she did that awesome hang hanging onto the hood scene. I Was watching that earlier. And it is just nuts. It's pretty cool. It's like she's, when she's hanging on, it looks like by belts or whatever. Yeah. And then she's, but she's kind of sliding still across the hood. Yeah. All it would take is like a half an inch and then all of a sudden she's gone too far and she's off the side of the car. Yeah. That was it. She's one of the best in the business apparently. Man, that's scary. Bur Burt Reynolds used to do a lot of his stunts. In fact he got injured pretty bad.


That led to some bad health problems on set. Oh yeah. On City Heat. The Clin Eastwood movie. Burt Lancaster used to do his own stunts. He's a tough guy. Yeah. Remember the movie Tough Guys? Yeah. He's in that. Yeah. Yeah. Appropriately. I don't think we mentioned Ben Hur either. That's one of the famous stunts ever. The The Chariot race. Yeah. You wanna tell him about it? Go ahead. What do You got? Oh, well there is a stuntman named Joe Knut and he was doubling for Charlton Heston. And during the Chariot race, this big, long, intense race. Yeah. He falls off the chariot and is about to be run over. But in true stuntman fashion grabs it is being dragged. Yeah.


Pulls himself back up and continues on. Wow. And I think that made it on screen too. Yeah. It's in the movie. But that was a real thing. Like it wasn't a planned stunt. Like the guy saved his own life. That's awesome. Yeah, It is. Harrison Ford we mentioned as far as the ladies go, Angelina Jolie and Cameron Diaz, is that right? Known for doing stunts. Arnie Schwarz in Nigar. And Jackie Chan of course. Well yeah. Very famous for doing his own stunts. Sure. And it makes a difference, man, when you can tell it's Tom Cruise on the side of that mountain. Man that was scary. Was that really him? Yeah, Emily worked on that shoot on that. Is that right? Just that segment in Moab. The the rock climbing segment.


And that's when famously Tom Cruise was like four hours late and flies in on a helicopter and like the whole crew was waiting around all day for him. I hadn't heard That. And then, yeah, I mean Famous in my family. Oh, gotcha. Yeah. And now I guess famous to the podcast community. Yeah. But Todd Cruise is not punctual. Well he wasn't that day. Wow. Stunts. Have you seen Haywire? The Soderberg movie? Uhuh? It's about assassin assassins basically it's an action movie. Soderbergh's take on an action movie. But Gina Carano is a former mixed martial artist and she, she's awesome. And does her own stunts. What's her name?


Gina Carrano. I don't believe I know her. She plays the lead. I mean she, I think that was her first like legit movie. Oh gotcha. Okay. She was known for mixed martial arts. But yeah, she does her own stunts and she's ba Haywire. Haywire. I'll Check it out. I got nothing Else. I don't either. Pretty straightforward. If you wanna learn more about stunts, you can type stunts into the How Stuff Works, search bar. And I said search bar, which means it's time for listener mail. Josh, I'm gonna call this things we I guess say a lot. Oh no. Yeah. Like No, no, no, that's not in there. Oh, okay. Everyone says like though. I know, but I've, people have pointed out here.


They're like, you guys say like a lot and I've started to notice and I'm, when I say it, when I hear the podcast, I don't hear it when I'm saying it only later on when I can't do anything about it. Don't, don't beat yourself up. Everybody says that. Like there are articles written in in the New Yorker about the use of the word like in the 21st century. Okay. So You're part of that crowd. Yeah. I know You're not millennial. I'm not. I'm an aged person. Alright, Something's Wrong with me today guys. Before I start, I feel like I should get out my adoration of the podcast. Always. Listen as I'm walking my dog, Chloe keeps me entertained for hours. I love that you guys are still going strong and I'm very thankful.


I have comprised a list, however of words and phrases used most often in the show. Besides obvious ones like Chuck or Josh or Search Bar. Let's Hear it. In no particular order, bada bing, bada boom. Sure. He left off the Bon Jovi. She, Oh she, We'll talk about this later or we'll get to that And then a lot of times we don't. Yeah, I feel like I say that a lot. I think it's hilarious when we, we say that we're gonna talk about something later and then we just forget to Yeah. Or I say all the time. I think we should point out and she didn't put that in here, but I'll go ahead and throw my Own on there. Oh yeah, you do say that. I'm making air quotes. Yeah. IEEG. Yeah, that's one of yours.


So Pretentious. That's a good band name. That's usually me. Sure. That's obnoxious sweat. We just talk about sweat a lot. Yeah. 'cause of me that's a standup guy. I don't remember us saying that a lot. Do you say that a lot? No. Alright, I'm gonna take issue with that one. Catherine. On the up and up. I don't know. COA. Of course we say that a lot. Definitely. People always ask it what it means. We never tell. We never tell. And then have you seen the movie, ironically that's About right. Yeah. And those are 10 things that we say a lot. And that is, she says she thinks these are great comfort her and she smiles. And that is Catherine Phillips.


Thanks a lot Catherine. That's pretty cool. Somebody's out there like writing lists of things we say. It's nicer to hear people say like, I'd take comfort in that. Except for the emails when we get like, you guys always say this and that Usually like too much. It's John Travolta taking us to task. What If you wanna take us to task, whether you're John Travolta or anybody else, or you just wanna say, Hey, here's a list of things I noticed 'cause of the podcast or whatever. You can Join us on Twitter. Actually first before we sign off, let's remind everybody that we're gonna be on the TV again. The tv?


Yeah. Saturday night. Yep. On Science Channel at 10:00 PM will be the premiere of another Stuff You Should Know episode, You can watch this each and every week. Yep. TV show stuff you don't should know. TV show 10:00 PM Or get it on iTunes the following day. Yep. On Sundays. That's right Chuck. Just go to iTunes and type in Stuff You Should Know and see what comes up. Alright, so now we'll sign off, right? Yep. You can get in touch with us on Twitter at SYSK podcast. You can Join us on facebook.com/w Should know and you can send us a good old fashioned email too, stuff podcast@discovery.com. For more on this and thousands of other topics, visit howt stuff works.com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow.


So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than binging on a podcast. Well except maybe binging on rewards for Marathon. That's because you can earn at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards every time you fuel up. Saving up to a buck a gallon plus signing up is easy. Do it straight from the pump or@marathonrewards.com. So start binging on savings with rewards from Marathon today. And don't miss the Thomas Rut Better and Boot Store this summer Fueled by Marathon. I participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


This is an podcast.