
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey everybody, and welcome to the summer movie Playlist, the place where we grouped some fun movie content because the summer movie season, we thought you might like this. So we gave it a shot. And today you're gonna be listening to the replay of our episode on Black Klansman, the true story behind that movie. It was a great movie. Love it. Love Spike Lee. And this is a great one. So I hope you enjoy the show. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know From howstuffworks.com. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark.


There's Charles Bright, there's Jerry over there. You put the three of us together. It's Movie crush. I mean, Stuff You Should Know. This does have some stank on it, doesn't it? Huh? It's a movie Stank. I I know your game. It's cool. I didn't even ask you, have you seen Black Klansman? I, I was like, I can't, I can't do this episode without having seen it. So I watched it last night. Oh, nice. Yeah. Good, huh? Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah. I, I like, I like his choice at the end, like just completely pull a somersault on the viewer Oh, sure. With that last bit. Yeah. Like, spoiler alert, pretty powery. Yeah. This is, there's an end the Movie Spoily.


Yeah, for sure. We should probably say that outta the gate. If you haven't seen this yet and you don't want it to be spoiled, don't listen to this episode first. Yes. But yeah, the, I guess now that we've said that we can speak freely, right? Yes. So the, if, if the entire movie was basically to disarm you up to the end, then I, I think it's one of the greatest movies I've ever seen in my life. And even if it wasn't, that wasn't the entire point of the movie. It was still, it was still great in, in how he pulled it out at the end, I think. Yeah. Well this was, I don't know If you remember, but this is the movie I saw in Perth, Australia. Oh yeah. So that happens at the end, that big, you know, sort of gut punch Yeah.


Of realism at the end. And I stood up and I was like, Hmm. Like wonder what they, they're thinking here in Perth. Right. They probably thinking what just happened? What's wrong with America? Yeah. And I'm going, I might good to see you. I'm not American, I'm Canadian. Can't you tell Bloke? Oh goodness. Yeah. It was, it was one of those things where I was like, I'm kind of slightly embarrassed right now. Yeah. But it was like that. I enjoyed the movie though. I thought to see Spike Lee, who just, he's one of my favorite filmmakers in his sixties, still just bringing the juice like this.


I loved it. Yeah. I also loved that it was controversial too in that like some people criticize Spike Lee for like, not going far enough or maybe kind of glossing over some of the ugly aspects of the, the story. Yeah. Well, do you wanna get to that at the end? Maybe? Yeah, yeah, for sure. But we'll, we'll give it a pre mention shout out, which is what we just did. Right? So we are talking about the, the true story of the film Black Klansman Spike Lee's movie that won the grand prize at the Conn Film Festival. It's nominated for Academy Awards. Yeah. Three Oscars, I believe for including Best Picture.


Yeah. I think Picture director and Supporting actor For who? I would guess Adam Driver. I didn't see Really? Yeah. I was surprised because Denzel's son did a, a wonderful job as well. He Loves, he loves that being known as that. Right. I can't remember his first name, but you know, Denzel's son, he, he was like, there were several times when he was talking and I was like, oh, you are definitely Denzel Washington's son, man. Just the, the way he talked the, the, the sound of his voice, but also his acting too. He is a good actor. Yeah. So, alright. Best picture, best supporting actor for Adam Driver Best director and best Original music score.


Oh, nice. But yeah, he is, I didn't know he was Denzel's son till after the movie. Yeah, I could see that. And he was a football player, do you know that? I didn't. Who'd he play for? He Played for Morehouse here in Atlanta. He was a running back and then played at NFL on the practice squad for the Rams and then eventually played a few years in NFL Europe and the UFL until he hung up his cleats six years ago. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Playing football in Europe has gotta be a surreal experience, you Know? Yeah. 'cause it's a soccer ball. Everyone's like, what are you doing? This is all wrong.


Alright. So should we way back it to the 1970s, the groovy seventies of Denver, Colorado First. First we should say his name is John David Washington. Oh, sure. You were Kidding around. That's is Denzel Sun. Yes. Yeah. So yeah, let's get in the way back machine and see, go inspect their terrible low quality pot. So Ron St. Stallworth is, is the true to life character's name, who there was a football player growing when we were growing up named John Stallworth. So I'm always wanting to say John Stallworth. This is not him. This is a cop named Ron St. Stallworth. That's Right. And he had a, a few designations that are pretty important.


He was the first African American police officer to work for the Colorado Springs Police Department, which he joined as a cadet at the age of 19. Yeah. In 72. And then a couple of years later on his 21st birthday. On his 21st birthday. That's what I saw. He had June 18th, I believe. Nice. Was sworn in as a full on officer of the law. Right. And I'm not sure if like they just swear you in on your 21st birthday or if it just so happened that the swearing in ceremony was on his 21st birthday. But regardless it was a big deal. He is the first African American cop and then later on detective for Colorado Spring. So that's, that's a big deal, especially starting out at age 21 too.


That takes a lot of cajones as they call it in Colorado. No, I think they call those rocky mountain oysters. That's right. That is what they call him for sure. So he worked undercover for about 30 years long. Great careers, an undercover detective. But it was this case, which only came out about four years ago when he wrote a book about it, about his career when he went undercover as a well as a Klansman. But it's a little more complicated than that. It is a, it was a very complicated operation. Right. Yeah. And, and this wasn't something that like, I mean, he even says in this NPR interview that he didn't, it was just a job at that particular point in time.


And when that particular job ended, that is the undercover stent, which was about, what, eight or nine months Yeah. And moved on to something else. And it just happened by circumstance. So he didn't come in there with a bone to pick with the Klan, aside from probably every bone to pick that he had with the Klan. Right. Just as a black man in America. Yeah. And it would probably help to give a little background on the Klan at the time, because, you know, the Klan was very well known for being really big and really violent at over three waves is basically how the Klan history is divided. Yeah. Like the first wave was when they were, they were founded in the wake of the, the Civil War. Then they, they had a, the second wave came around the 19 teens, like 19 50, 15.


I mean that, that era. And then they, they had another big resurgence during the civil rights era in the fifties and sixties. But, you know, in between these waves and after that third wave, it's not like the Klan just went away. They just, they kept on going. Their profile was lower and maybe their, the, the public violence or terrorism that they were engaging in wasn't quite as pronounced, but they were still there. And in Colorado in particular, they had a really long history with the Klan where basically the city of Denver was in the, under the control of the Klan back in the twenties, just, you know, 50 years before Ron St.


Stallworth started working there. Yeah. He was, he got, when he, when he got hired there, he got access to files like secret FBI files. Right. And he got to go in and dig in and look at the history of the Klan in Colorado. And boy, like, you ain't kidding, they were in the House of Representatives. There were senators, Both senators were Klans members. The mayor Benjamin Stapleton, who the airport was named after until 95. Yeah. His great grandson ran for governor on the GOP ticket this past election and, and lost to who is Colorado's first ever openly gay Jewish governor.


Oh, Wow. Colorado's a weird state. It is an odd state for sure. Sure. We got a lot of different ideologies all packed in together. It's, it's very purple in all sorts of ways. Yeah. So Mayor Benjamin Stapleton was a Klan member. The governor, Clarence Morley was a clan member, the chief of police, which is, I mean, you don't want anyone in these positions to be clan members, but I imagine the chief of police is one of the more problematic areas to have a person in that kind of control, Particularly that one too. He was basically, he was picked by the clan, the, the Colorado clan and basically foisted on Benjamin Stapleton, who, who, who was even like, wow, this guy's even too much for my tastes.


And eventually fired him. But like the clan picked the chief of Police of Denver, Colorado back in the twenties. Oh yeah. And they tried to recall Stapleton at one point. It didn't work. And when that effort failed, the Klan burned across on the top of Table Mountain as a celebration, a show of public celebration. Right. So the, the Klan has deep roots in old story in Colorado, or at least they used to. And they were still very much around when, when Ron Stallworth started his, his investigation or started as the, the, the first black detective in Colorado Springs. Right.


That's right. And so he started out, I guess is kind of plain clothes and was assigned undercover work pretty quickly, just, just by his, just by being the only African American officer in the police force because Stokely Carmichael came to town once. That's right. And this is in the film, we're gonna talk about a few differences between the movie and, and the real story. But he did in fact go to a, a speech in a rally by famous Black Panther, Stokely Carmichael. And he was, you know, fully kitted out in his bellbottoms and his wearing a wire.


He picked his afro out and he in fact did make a point to meet him just like he did in the film. And Carmichael did apparently say, arm yourself and get ready because the revolution is coming. And I imagine Stalworth had some mixed feelings about that assignment. Yeah, I would guess so. It's kind of like, I don't really have any idea of what he, he personally was like. Right. Because the movie mixed things up so much and like added layers that weren't necessarily there. So I have no idea what, what that experience would've been like for him, you know? Yeah. One thing we do know is not true is the character in the film of Patrice, whom he meets at that rally, a young woman that he falls in love with, she was made up for the movie Spike Lee wanted a a, a love interest basically, and to represent sort of the, the female black power movement as a whole.


Right. So she was completely made up, but she was terrific in the film. Yeah. Yeah. Laura Harrier, she's in the, the new Spider-Man movies too. She's awesome. Cool. The new Spider Verse movie? No, no, no, that's animated. Oh, okay. Well she could have been a voice actor I guess, right? Yeah, No, she's in the one, the new ones with the new the new kid. Okay. The current, the new Spidey kid, the current Spider-Man, current Spider-Man, which is great. Those are good movies. I haven't seen any of 'em. You're Not super into that stuff though, are you? Well, I saw the Infinity War when he was in that, I think. Yeah. He's a bit of a smart alec, frankly. He Is so, okay.


He, he does his research on the deep roots of the Klan in Colorado. He goes undercover. And then, I don't think he was even assigned this thing. I think he kind of came up with it on his own by chance, almost in October, 1978. He was 25 at this point and he was looking through the local paper. Well that was part of his assignment to gather intelligence by reading the paper. Well, right. But I don't think, I think this was his idea to go undercover like this. That's the impression I have too. He seemed like a, a self-starter in a lot of ways. So he found this ad, a classified ad in the paper for the clan, said, get in touch If you want further information.


He sent a letter posing as a white racist to a PO box just thinking that he would just get back some pamphlets or something. Right. So he signed his real name, which is, he didn't really think that one through. No, he didn't. And, and he did, he never really fully explained it aside from the, the, the best explanation I saw is that he didn't think anything was gonna come of it. He thought he'd get, like you said, a couple of pamphlets and that would be that. And he, he just wasn't planning to, to create like a, a large investigation out of making contact through this, this ad. And, and again, we should probably state this, it was an ad in the paper for the Klan.


Yeah. To get in touch with the Klan to get more info about the Klan. And maybe you might wanna join, who knows? Right. So, so he, he makes contact with him by sending off a letter. And If you ask me if, if, if Spike Lee were directing this episode, he would put an ad break right here That was good. Who are we to Disagree. Alright, we'll be right back


This July 4th. Celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hyperallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota Let's go places is,


Okay, so like we said, Ron St. Stallworth is thumbing through the newspaper. He mails off a, a letter to get more info about the Klan and he uses his real name and, and like, like you said, Chuck, he was expecting like a pamphlet or something in return, like so you want to be a Klan member or something like that. Right. Instead, about two weeks later, he got a call from the, the number. So he used everything as far as the undercover operation would go. He used all of his undercover info except for his name. So he got a call on his undercover phone line from a guy named Ken O'Dell. And he was pretty surprised to get this call because again, he was expecting a pamphlet and he instead he had a a real live living breathing Ku Klux Klansman on the other end of the line saying, Hey, I got your letter about hating black people and other minorities, let's talk.


Yeah. He was like, why are you interested? And Stalworth immediately just kind of goes into character and I guess that's what you, you know, when you're undercover, you, you gotta be part improv actor Right. To be able to pull that off. Well he also, he said he drew from his own personal experiences, 'cause he grew up in El Paso and, and encountered a lot of racism there and I'm sure on the force in Colorado Springs too. So he drew from his own experience as well. Yeah. So he basically right outta the gate says, well you know, my sister's dating a black man and every time he puts his hands on her, on her pure white body, I cringe and I want to do something about it.


And Ken O'Dell says, you sound like a great guy, right? Why? Why don't you come on down and let's meet because you are just the kind of kind of dude we're looking for. You sound like real clan material. Yeah. I thought about maybe doing an episode on the Klan. I thought about the two and then I'm like, do you want to give him a platform? Yeah. But then I thought, or You know, you could just talk about it and how stupid they are. Alright. Like it, when I was a kid, I mean of course being in Georgia that stuff was around, I never like saw it firsthand obviously. Yeah. But you heard things even like growing up in the seventies in Georgia and I was always so scared of the whole thing because of the outfits and everything and the fire.


Right. And I was a good little Baptist boy, so there was a lot of fear. But then I got a little older and I was like, they're just dumb rednecks wearing sheets. Right. That's a sort of demystified it, It's the moment you become a a, an adult. Yeah. But I mean of course then I would later learn that they did real horrific things and took lives and you know, or a terrorist organization. Right, right. Yeah. But I think what you're saying is they they made themselves up to be boogeyman. Yeah, exactly. And they definitely can be that way, especially in the, a young mind or something like that, but Sure. Yeah. Yeah. So, so back to the story. Ron Stalworth is on the phone with this guy named Ken Odell who wants to meet him to see if he'd like to join the clan.


And this is a big problem because I think as we mentioned a couple of times, Ron St. Stallworth was African American. Yeah. He's like, oh boy, what do I do here? Right. So he actually recruited a fellow detective who he, in his book calls Chuck, that's all he is ever publicly referred to the guy as his chuck. Wait, was it you Chuck? It was not me. Okay. That, that gentleman is, I guess either still undercover or just never wanted his identity out there. Right. So he yeah, he may still live in Colorado Springs, who knows, Maybe he's on a case right now for all I know. But so this Chuck guy, he's, he was recruited by Ron St. Stallworth who play Ron St.


Stallworth to the Klan. 'cause Chuck was white, he was already an undercover narcotics agent. And apparently he was friendly enough with Ron St. Stallworth to say, yes, I will, I will join this investigation buddy. Let's do it. Yeah. And here's the thing though, he was, this wasn't his like primary case. So Chuck is undercover on a lot of different assignments. So he's not around as much as Stalworth needs him. So like in the movie, most of this stuff is done over the phone. Like he spends a lot of time in this investigation on the phone speaking to these Klansmen who think that he's a white man and when they needed to meet, he would send Chuck in.


Who, and we'll get to the voice part in, in a minute because that's when I was watching the movie. I was like, did none of these dummies not realize that they don't sound anything alike? Right. You know, 'cause they've been talking to him on the phone at length. Yeah. But they had their, they had their first meeting, they, they got together and I believe they met, they met somewhere at first and then went to a bar af like as the second part of that meeting. Yeah. They met At a convene. So the movie supposedly portrays this realistically, they, they, this Chuck guy who is portraying Ron Stallworth to the Klan met, they met at a convenience store and he was said he was told to get in the car and then they drove to a second location.


Right. Which man, that's scary stuff. Sure. And also he's also wearing a wire at the time. Like that's something that, that the, the movie kind of gets across, but especially in like articles about the story don't necessarily dive into this. Chuck Cat was like putting himself out there. Oh sure. Runs as every undercover detective does. Right. So I mean, Ron Stallworth is conducting this investigation. He is the mastermind of, he is leading this whole thing, but this poor Chuck guy has to go hang out with these, you know, violent clans members or clan members on, you know, like fairly frequently from what I understand. So hats off to him. Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean it was, it was definitely like, it required both of their best efforts to get away with this for that long.


Right. It was quite the ruse. So Chuck meets with them, eventually earns their trust along with the, the phone work of Stalworth. And then he actually gets successfully admitted about two months later and got his little, I guess you get a little membership card. He still has it. He does, he did not throw it away. Like in the movie he has it framed in fact and on the back of the card where six codes of conduct, one of which said never discuss any clan affairs with any plain clothes officer on a state, local or national level. Right. So there is a lot of comedy in the movie If you haven't seen it.


I mean it's, it's a serious thing that they're doing. But there are a lot of laughs as well, a lot Of laughs and a lot of like movie formula steps that, that Spike Lee purposefully follows, you know, very faithfully too. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. So there's a big point there that we left out there, Chuck. So to get that membership card, supposedly, like again, as they say in Colorado, the oysters on this guy, his, he had, so he met, so the fake fake Ron Stallworth, Chuck met with the clan, impressed them enough between Ron, the real Ron Stallworth's phone calls and Chuck's, whatever Chuck was saying in, in person. All this combined made the, the Colorado Springs clan members say, okay, we like you, we want you to be a member, fill out this application and we'll send it off to the, to the national director of, of again the Klan.


Oh, we should say, I don't know if we've ever said this, the Klan calls itself the organization Right. Rather than the Klan. Yeah. So they, and and the guy who ran the thing, I don't know if he still runs it or not, but he definitely did at this time during this investigation, is a guy named David Duke, who, If you grew up in the eighties or I think even the nineties, yeah, you were probably pretty familiar with David Duke. I believe he ran for president once, didn't he? I don't know. I mean he he was, wasn't he the governor of Louisiana? I don't, maybe that's what it is. Maybe he ran for that. But he was the Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan and he was trying to make it a more political organization, less, less of a terrorist organization and more of a political organization under his guidance.


But it was still the Ku Klux Klan. Like there was still plenty of times when he was wearing robes and stuff he just never did in public. So during this time he was, he was the national director, the Grand Wizard of the Klan. And when Ron Stalworth didn't get his application pushed through fast enough, he picked up the phone and called the national headquarters and ended up talking with David Duke and saying like, Hey, my application's taking a while. Is there anything you can do about it? And this kicked off like a what, what Ron St. Stallworth would later characterize in a weird way as a friendship between him, a black undercover detective in Colorado and David Duke, the Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.


Yeah. And by the way, I don't want to get angry emails from David Duke's reporters. He was a Republican Louisiana state rep. He was not governor, but he, but I Think he ran for some, some high office. Oh he did. He ran, he was a candidate for the Democratic presidential primaries in the late eighties. And then the Republican primaries in 92, He ran as a Democrat and then a I could see that solid south kind of thing. Yeah. And I think he ran for state senate and lost US senate and lost us house and lost, and he did run for governor of Louisiana, but he lost. Gotcha. Okay. And, and you may be, if you're, If you didn't grow up in the eighties, you may have heard his name more recently because he fully endorsed Donald Trump's campaign.


And after Donald Trump won, he, this was his quote on Twitter, make no mistake, our people have played a huge role in electing Trump. Right. So he was, he was in the news again more recently. Well He was also in Charlottesville, if not leading the, the rally to unite the Right. Definitely a, a big speaker at it. A big, a big part of it. And Spike Lee uses some of his footage from that rally Yeah. To kinda get across that, you know, the stuff is still going on. This isn't from the seventies or, or earlier. How great was Topher Grace? He was wonderful. He Was so good.


And he looks a lot like David Duke of the seventies. He really does, Unfortunately for him, The stash and the three piece suits and all that. So yeah, he Did a good job. But so, so yeah, in the movie Topher Grace from that seventies show always, he will always be from that seventies show. Yeah. He plays, what do you want me to say? Like, he, he had a bit part in Oceans 11 or something. I Dunno, was he in that yet? Brad Pitt's character was teaching him to play poker. I think I Forgot about that. You know that guy? No, he's that seventies show. Of course. So, So he, he plays David Duke in the, in the movie. And there this, this is, this is, it's really funny. Like Spike Lee added stuff that just, you, you would think like, well yeah, of course it's totally believable.


Like Chuck being Jewish in real life. Right. And he actually wasn't, that's, that's fabricated by the movie. So you would just not even think twice about that. But it turns out that's not true. The stuff that seems the least true is actually the stuff that actually happened. And for a very long time, well, at the very least, over the course of this nine month investigation, there were multiple phone calls that were very cordial and friendly. Yeah. Where Ron St. Stallworth would call David Duke imposing as a white clan member and pump information. They would talk about, you know, David Duke's family and like, just have nor normal conversations that would inevitably turn back to racism and the, the, the weakening of the white race at the hands of, you know, the Jewish media and all the minorities who were taking over.


And so it would, it would inevitably turn disgusting. But he, he said later, I think in the book and in interviews where If you could separate that stuff out, he was actually a pleasant person to talk to. And that's where that weird friendship that he characterized it as kind of developed from those conversations. But there is at Least like he couldn't make this stuff up, you know? Exactly. But there is at least one video of David Duke basically admitting that Yes. This, he had conversations with this guy. He tries to downplay it. Sure. But it, he does basically verify that Yes, that's true. That really happened. Well and Duke's probably like, I can't remember every phone call I had with every random racist over the years.


Right. There were a lot of 'em. Even This guy posing is one. Alright, well let's take another break and we're gonna go, we're gonna talk a little bit more about this weird David Duke relationship right after this.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site-wide at washable sofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


All right. So he's buddying up with David Duke on the phone. Yeah, he's fooling everybody. And he even like, you get the sense that he does have a little bit of sense of humor, stalworth, because at one point he even goaded him on the phone a little bit, and this is in the movie, and it was totally true. Yeah. He said, you know, Mr. Duke, have you ever worried about like a black man posing as a white man and infiltrating your organization? And Duke said no. And he said, and this, this is from the NPR interview with stalwart. He said, I can tell you're white because you don't talk like a black man. He said, you talk like a very smart intellectual white man, and I can tell by the way you pronounce certain words.


And he said, you know, gimme an example. And he said, black people tend to pronounce the word R aura. And I can tell by listening to you that you're not black because you do not pronounce that word in that manner. It's science Case closed. Oh boy. He was so easily duped. I love it. And then they also did in fact meet in person. That part is true as well. Duke came to town and was having lunch. It was not a big ceremony like in the movie, but he came to town to have lunch and the department assigned St. Stallworth to protect him. And so he goes there to the restaurant, introduces himself to protect him.


Duke says, all right, I appreciate you them, you know, sending someone my way. And Chuck is undercover there as well. And he does in fact Stalworth pose with David Duke and gets a Polaroid with him. So This sounded to me like, what, what was the, what was going on here? Like, I mean, like you've got this investigation going, this is, this takes place during this, this undercover investigation that St. Stallworth's conducting. You have a guy who's already like putting himself out there, Chuck as as the white Ron Stalworth, and then the chief says, oh yes, by the way, you the only African American police officer in our entire squad.


You go be David Duke's bodyguard for the day while he's in town in Colorado Springs. Like that was just bizarre. And not only do it do that, that that very like obvious overt act of slap in the face to David Duke, which was great, but if it, but it could have jeopardized like this whole, this whole thing. Yeah. Because you also, you had the guy portraying Ron Stalworth in the same room at the same lunch. It just seemed really strange. And again, that was one of those things where when you watch the movie, you would think like, well that's just made up. No, that actually took place at, at least according to Ron St. Stallworth's memoirs. Yeah. And that, that, that Chuck was in the room, was asked to take a picture by Ron St.


Stallworth with David Duke and the Grand Dragon, I guess who must be like the head of the state in Colorado. And then at the last second when he was counting down, he put his arms around the shoulders of the two clan guys and then got his hands on the picture. Apparently all of that was the case, but he's since lost the picture. Yeah. And Duke really did try to get it back and Stalworth like got to it quicker and said basically like, If you try to take this thing, I will have you arrested for assaulting a police officer. Right. Like, don't do it. Don't think about it. Right. So he said he lost it in a move. He wished he had taken better care of it, but the idea that it was like, that's just so nuts.


It tells you a lot about the investigation though to me. Like it makes you say like, okay, how seriously were they taking this investigation at the time? If St. Stallworth later said, all right, this is, this is just, you know, this is just another job. To me, when I started it, I did the job and then when it was done, I moved on to another job. The fact that he didn't talk about it much until, I think he spoke about it to the press once in 2006 in a, a desert news article and then didn't talk about it again until 2014 when his memoirs came out. It was just like a, a thing that they were doing that other people were doing other stuff too. And then to, to have like that part of it, the, the idea that you would, you would jeopardize it in that way just makes it seem like they weren't taking it as that big of a a, an operation as as like the movie would like to, to believe.


I'm not sure. Well, I think in, in real life it was, it was a information gathering investigation. Like it was never we're gonna take down the clan in Colorado. It was let's infiltrate and get as much information and fact finding as we can. And in the end, after eight months, that's kind of what happened. It was he considers stalworth considers it a success in that they fulfilled their mission. They did prevent three cross burning ceremonies during that eight month span, or at nine month span. Right. And they did identify clan members who worked at norad. Right. Who apparently they said they, I mean these days they would be fired probably, but they said they reassigned them to like Greenland or something.


Right. Because they had access to the, to nuclear weapons. Apparently they had very high level clearance at norad, Which is scary. It's, and then they also found plans that they didn't act on, like the whole bomb plot in the movie was, was made up for dramatic purposes. But they did find links between a, for a plan to bomb a gay nightclub and another plan to steal automatic weapons from an army base like an inside job. So it was, you know, it was valuable work they were doing for sure. It just wasn't like, we're gonna take the clan down. Like, I don't think it was the, the department's big, big job at the time. No, certainly not. And, and in the memoirs and in the movie too, the, the reason that's given for the, the, the undercover operation to end is because it started to become successful.


Ron Stallworth was nominated to lead the Colorado Springs chapter of the clan. Like Ken O'Dell basically said, you should take my job. Everybody likes you. You're really good at this. You're smart. You should lead the clan here and the, the police chief of Colorado Springs. So that's it. Close it down, burn all the evidence of this investigation. He apparently was worried about what, what a PR nightmare it would be if it got out that some of his detectives were in the Colorado Springs clan. But at the same time, what strikes me as odd is that the FBI wasn't like, oh, well geez, this guy is like being nominated to lead the Colorado Springs clan.


Right. He's talking to David Duke, like, really the, this, this could not be kind of blown up into a larger investigation or a larger sting or something like that. And then secondly, and Ron Stalworth himself addresses this, the, there's a very frequently a criticism of, well, if this was such a big operation and they found all this stuff, why wasn't anyone arrested? Why weren't there any arrests? And well, that's What David Duke says, Right? Not just David Duke. Stalworth says also that some that in law enforcement too, people question that, like, why wasn't anyone arrested? And he said it was an in Intel investigation. And, and that's what they did, is they gathered stuff. But then he very rightly points out, like you said, like the fact that they prevented cross burnings alone makes it a, a worthwhile and valuable operation.


I think just some people on the outside are saying, well, why wasn't, why wasn't more done? Why didn't more come out of this? You know? Well, and and I'm not quite sure what they're driving at, but there are, you know, Stalworth brings that up in an interview I read with him like that people do ask that and wonder about that. Yeah. And Stalworth is very proud of the fact that with the cross burnings, he was like, no, I can't remember the quote, but he said something about like, no children in Colorado Springs got to, you know, no young black kids had to see crosses on fire Right. During that eight or nine month period. And he's very proud of that as he should be. Yeah, for real. So I mentioned the voice earlier and the fact that he had a, a different voice obviously than Chuck.


And he said one time, only one time, and I think this was in the movie, wasn't it? Or was It It's been a while. Yeah, it was actually. No, it was, I remember. Yeah. So one time in the whole investigation, did someone say like, wait a minute, you sound different. Chuck had just been at a in-person meeting, came back and then St. Stallworth wants to follow up on the phone with Ken O'Dell about something Right. Afterward. So he had just heard Chuck's voice for whatever this whole meeting and was talking to him and he was like, wait a minute, you sound different. What's going on? And he, he just pulled it off, he coughed and said he had a sinus infection and Ken Odell was like, oh, well here's how you clear that up and gave him some good sinus medication advice.


Right. Yeah. That definitely appeared in the movie. I mean, you did not make this thing up, you know, it's crazy. No, for real. And apparently for a long time, St. Stallworth was saying like, yeah, it was just another job. It was just another operation. And I guess he told some, some fellow like law enforcement friends or whatever about it and they're like, dude, you, this is a movie. You need to write this down. You need to get this out there. You, this is a one in a million story. Yeah. I wonder, one reason it didn't go bigger operation wise was because the sort of hackneyed way they got into it. Like, he's the voice, but they're sending a a white man. I can see that. Like it's, it's, I'm surprised he pulled it off for that long.


Yeah, I could totally see that. One final thing that did not happen in real life but did happen in the movie, and this is what, when you usually will change real life is to, to get a more satisfying ending. Right. But Stalworth did not unfortunately reveal his true identity to David Duke, like he does to hilarious effect in the film. Unfortunately No. How sad to learn that he was saying like, yeah, he just, he didn't really talk about it until the two thousands. So David Duke didn't know until I guess the memoirs came out. Yeah. And you, and you know, well I guess we should talk about Spike Lee getting criticized.


Yeah. Boots Riley director who I had a movie crush by the way. He I know. What was his movie? Sorry To Bother You, was his film that he made, but No, I mean his pick for movie Crush, his Pick was a movie called Mishima A Life in Four chapters. Okay. Yeah. It was a great film. And his, like, his knowledge on movies was deep. He turned me onto a lot of cool things. I thought for a very, a very terrible second. You were saying his pick was his own movie? No, no. But he, you know, boots does not hold back on what he thinks. And while you would think that he would be like, oh no, I'm gonna be a champion of Spike Lee and telling the story, he came out very publicly on Twitter and very, very intelligently criticized that he didn't just bag on it.


He wrote a big, long statement on exactly what he thought was wrong with it. Yeah. He basically said, look man, If you take away all the embellishments that Spike Lee added to this movie, what you have is a, a guy who, who's probably biggest assignment, and I'm not sure where he got this, but he focused on that, that Stokely Carmichael thing. And the fact that Ron Stalworth had worked undercover to infiltrate the Black Power Movement in Colorado Springs, and that he had worked on that for like three years. And that this Klan thing was just a, a like a nine month thing. And he also criticized Spike Lee for making it, making the movie seem like law enforcement and the Black Power Movement came together to fight racism.


Right. And that that like, that was a larger point or that that was historically accurate or something like that. It was a, a really interesting, it was like a three page essay that he posted on Twitter that made some good points. He basically said, from what I can tell, it looks like Ron St. Stallworth was working for Telpro, which is the FBI's it was their, their program to undermine groups including Black Power Groups, which we mentioned it in the Black Panther episode We did. And it, the Telpro definitely deserves its own episode. Yeah. And it was, it was ended officially in 1971. But I think Boots Riley's point was, it may have been officially ended, but the, the work was still going on.


And if this guy was infiltrating black power like groups in Colorado Springs, he was almost certainly trying to break them up one way or another. Probably using Cointel purposes or, or practices. And Ron St. Stallworth, he had a pretty great quote in response to it. He said, I pray for my demented dissolute brother in response to Boots Riley and Spike Lee has no comment about it whatsoever, so who knows. But you make a good point that like he's, he's, he is not just giving like blind allegiance to anything, you know. Sure. Well Spike did comment eventually.


Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah, He was, he was in an interview and the first thing he said was like, Hey, I'm a, I'm a young man of 61 or something like that. And like, you know, Youngme might've kind of gotten into a war of words, but he's just not into that anymore. But he did say briefly something about, listen, I'm not gonna come out and say that all cops are racist and all cops do bad things 'cause they don't all do bad things. There's a lot of great cops, there's also bad cops. And he kind of just couched it in that and then was like, but you know, I'm not gonna be really talking about this anymore. Right. Yeah. I hadn't seen that he'd even had that comment. Yeah.


So it's interesting stuff and it's a good movie at the very least. Oh for sure. You know? Yeah. I think, I think Ronal Wars like, man, they made a movie about my story. That's pretty awesome. And at the very least it's a pretty great movie. How about that? Totally, Totally. So If you, you got anything else? I got nothing else. If you wanna know more about Black Klansman, you should probably go see that movie. And I guess we probably should have said at the outset, this episode is not an ad. Oh of course not. We just like the movie a lot. Right? Yeah. I mean you could say it's an ad, but like no one gave us money or a us to do this. Sure. Okay. But I am endorsing it. Okay. There you go. I am endorsing it as well.


It has two thumbs up as it were. Yeah. Rest in peace. Roger Ebert and Gene SYSK. Two thumbs. Okay, so if I already, I already said that. How about some listener mail? Yeah, I'm gonna call this ping pong response from a former pro. Oh, nice. Hey Guys, wanna commend you on the job you did covering a sport that you didn't have an extensive, extensive knowledge of. I'm a professional table tennis coach and former player. I started playing in college, thought I was really good until I was coerced to go to a tournament at Princeton University about 20 years ago and I got destroyed. I didn't like that. So I sought it out to coach and the rest is history. You guys clearly did a lot of research and to highlight the things that most novice players aren't aware of.


But there were a few things I couldn't help but point out. Josh, you mentioned the components of the modern racket. You said the Pimpled sign, those are called pips are for spinning the ball that the smooth side is for defensive play, but the opposite is actually true. Oh no, I, I didn't catch that 'cause I would've pointed that out. I, I thought everyone knew that. Thank you for that. You get a good spin on that smooth side For real. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. It's, it's grippy. All Right. He said the smooth side is very tacky as in sticky. Oh I see. And that combined with the sponge underneath allows the ball to sink in just enough so that the tacky surface grips the ball and generates a lot of spin.


Also, you can have really have any combination of rubber that you want as long as it's ITTF approved players are not restricted to having one smooth side in one with pips, but one side does have to be red and the other black. Okay. Most defensive players use pips on their backhand because pips vary the spin that is coming back at you and it's very hard to read. Also, Chuck, you mentioned that defensive players are called chisels. They're actually called choppers as they chop the ball back with varying back spin. I've never heard the term chisels. I'm wondering if it is extremely outdated. Maybe. I bet you that was the case. Yeah, I had old research chisels.


Alright, that's what they call in the twenties. He said If you guys are ever in the Donnel New Jersey area, stop by. Where Are they right now? Stop by the Lily Yip table tennis club and I'll gladly hook you guys up with the lesson. I'll gladly humiliate you in person. And that is Thomas from Philly. Thanks Thomas. Much appreciated. We like it when we are gently corrected because we like to be right. So thanks for that. If you want to get in touch with us, let us know. I don't know something we got wrong about Black Klansmen, let us know. You can find all of our social links on Stuff You Should Know dot com and as always, send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com.


For more on this and thousands of other topics, visit howstuffworks.com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.