
This is an iHeartPodcasts


Look around everyone. Every car you see is probably on Autotrader, like that sleek convertible that turned heads when it picked you up from the airport or the custom ride from your favorite van life couple on social media. Even that vintage sports car that's tailing you a little too closely. New cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, okay, no flying cars yet, but as soon as those things get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. That's kind of their thing. Autotrader.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit in the us Apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey everybody. Continuing the Stuff You Should Know, summer Movie Playlist. This episode from February, 2015 focuses on Some Movies That Changed Filmmaking from the very beginning of the film industry up to Star Wars and beyond. All these movies pushed the whole thing forward that much more and got us to where we are today. And as a bonus, mystery Science Theater 3000 makes a nice little cameo in here. Enjoy. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w.


Chuck Bryant, AKA SYSK, and Ebert Save at the aisle. LC And Jerry's over there. I guess she's Jean Shallot. That's, that's the Stuff You Should Know. Triumph. I Don't know why that tickled me so much. 'cause Jean Shallot's a funny looking I guess. Yeah, Jerry's not, I'm just picturing her with a big afro and a mustache and like a tweed jacket and bad opinions about movies. Jean Shell had a look for sure. Still though he's around, right? Well, yeah, I think so. Yeah. RIP both SYSK and Ebert. So sad. I know. Have you seen the Roger Ebert documentary?


No. I've heard nothing but good things. Really, Really good. Very touching. Yeah. What is it? Something Life. Life like Mine. Life with me. Life on top. Life itself. Life with thumbs. Life Itself. Life itself. Life With thumbs. It was really great. And I watched it on, made the mistake of watching on a plane and I was just like, my allergies are acting up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I was, I was watering. 'cause of your allergies? No, because I was sad. I was crying. Do you want me to say it? Yeah. I was crying on a plane. I was confused there for a second. That's better than when I watch other movies that are on my laptop that are like, have like bad violence or, or nudity or something.


I'm always just like, oh. And I kind of lower the laptop and it's like, I didn't realize this was in here. And the lady next to me is just like, Ugh, You disgusted me. Yeah. 'cause I don't you, I wanna be sensitive to the people around me. You know? I'm not one of those jerks that's like just lives in my own bubble. It's like watching some sex scene on a plane. You're like, elbowing the lady thing. Jerk this out. Yeah. No, I hate it. It was so embarrassed. That happened to me a couple of times. I'm like, I needed to start going PG on movies. Yeah. He Just looked through like Airplanes. Judd aau. Huh? Am I right? He's unpredictable. Yeah. All right, So Chuck, this is your episode to Shine, man. Is it? Yes. You're a movie guy too, though. I like movies, but I've, I almost consciously don't let myself watch movies on a, like a film aficionado level.


Oh, right. You're just pure enjoyment. Yeah. I, I don't ever wanna see the individual shots and just be like, oh, well that could have been better. Whatever. Yeah. And, and just miss the movie as a whole. Yeah. I fall somewhere in the middle of that. I try to let go. But like our, our video producer director Casey is, is pretty bad about that. And our buddy Scotty who shot our TV show, oh, he's the worst. Yeah. He's just a, yeah. The camera working that lighting in that scene. Yeah. Scott's awesome. Hey Scott. Hey Casey. They're all in here with us in spirit and hey, this is the last show in this studio. Yeah. Last Episode in the old office. Yep. The murder Room couldn't feel more neutral about it.


I actually feel less than neutral. Less than zero. It's, It's weird. That was a good movie. Thank you. Great shots. Yeah. I say thank you as if I directed It right. I not only directed it, I also played Andrew McCarthy. Yeah. I'm ready to get the heck outta here man. Can't wait to get in that new office in the Yeah, it's Gonna be good. Tiny little dedicated studio. Whole new World. Alright, let's do this. Okay. So Chuck Films, you've seen one or two of them in your time. Sure. Have you seen any of the ones in this list? I know you've seen a few of them, but have you seen like some of the early ones I've Seen? Well, we'll just go piece by piece because I have not seen Battleship Potamkin.


Okay. But I do love Mandy Potamkin. It's a little different. Yes. In spelling pronunciation, meaning the whole thing. But it's close I guess. But we're talking of course, about films that changed filmmaking some way or another. And the first one on the list is from 1925 Battleship Potamkin. That's hard for me to say. Which is not the first movie, by the way. The first screen movie was Workers Leaving the Lumiere Factory, which is 47 seconds long and the most boring piece of celluloid anyone's ever put together. But it was the first. That's right. This was many years. That was a full 30 years before Battleship Potemkin. By the time 30 years had passed, like we were doing like narratives and there was banning and all sorts of great stuff.


Yeah. And Battleship Patinkin fell under both of those umbrellas. It was a narrative story. It was a silent movie. That's right. But it told a pretty clear story. And it was a bit of Russian propaganda as well. Yeah. It tells a story of a 1905 uprising in where there were Russian sailors. Basically there was a mutiny aboard a ship. And then the bad guys, the Cossacks came in looking for revenge. Yeah. 1905 that would've been rising up against tyranny would've been rising up against the Romanoff monarchy, I guess. Nice. But it was made in 1925. So this was a time when, you know, Lenin and Trotsky and all those dudes were running around.


Yeah. Trying to do the great experiment. Yeah. And it ends up, it turns out that the Battleship Potemkin was banned in some countries. Some countries are like, we don't want this rusty propaganda. Right. But Russia itself later on banned it. Yeah. When Stalin came to power because he was a self-aware dictator. Oh, Was that the deal? Yeah. Okay. He knew this could be a metaphor for rising up against my dictatorship. So I'm gonna just ban this movie. Oh yeah. Even though it's Russian propaganda. Hmm. Well, thematically I need to bring the history, by the way, thematically speaking, it was a landmark film because of the montage, most notably the Russian or Soviet theory of Montage, which is basically that your impact is gonna come from juxtaposition of shots and not necessarily a smooth sequence of shots.


Right. And it should be rhythmic instead of necessarily being tied to the story. It was like a a, a rhythmic series of shots. And this one is popular. It was the Odessa step sequence as one of the five acts. And it is huge because it has been AED and mimicked and mocked and homage probably more than, well I don't know about more, but a lot of times in film history. Well, Yeah, the Montage, it's like a go-to editing technique, right? Oh yeah. Well, the montage in general, but specifically the Odessa steps. Oh, okay. There are two notable parts in that sequence.


One is the, you know, it's basically a big charge on these, these grand steps leading up to a building and a big battle In Odessa, Odessa, Texas. And there's a, a part of it where there's the old, the old baby carriage going down the steps. You know, what's gonna happen to the baby And it sounds tired. 'cause we've seen that in, you know, the Untouchables. Yeah. Notably, I did not find it tiresome Naked Gun 33 and a third. Yeah. Everything is Illuminated The great movie by Leah Schreiber. That was from, directly from the Odessa step sequence in Battleship Patinkin. Nice. The baby carriage. Yeah.


And the old shot through, shot in the eye through the glasses. Oh, cool. That comes from this movie too. They were the first ones to do it. Yeah. And you've seen that in Woody Allen's Love and Death and Bananas and of course The Godfather. Yeah. The great sequence where Mo Green's getting the massage and he looks up and puts on his glasses during A montage. Yeah, that's exactly that Whole sequence. That's like the assassination montage. Yeah. Because there was an assassination on the steps as well. Oh yeah. So that was definitely, it was a double. Who was that? That was Francis Ford Coppola. Oh yeah. He, he was clearly aware of Battleship Potamkin. Clearly. I was trying to think of other examples of montages. And the only thing I could come up with was the, A team building something.


But that counts as a montage, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's like a, some related, in some way related shots Yeah. That are kind of put together that a little bit transcend like time space Tell a story in itself. Yeah. Like Rocky training for a fight or something. Yeah. That's another good one. A lot Of times it's set to music. Yeah. I love that. That's the only one you can think of. Yeah. And and the great movie Brazil too has the shot through the glasses bit as I like to call it. So that's Battleship at Timkin Doesn't, one of the Nazis and Raiders of the Lost a gets shot through the glasses, Maybe. That wouldn't surprise me. It's been, it's been off homage, you know? Yep. So Battleship at Timkin was a, it made a pretty big splash in 1925.


In 1926, the following year. The next movie on the list. I, it wasn't his first, but it really solidified I think his stardom, Buster Keaton's stardom. Yeah. The general rightfully So too. Yeah. He was one of the great, well, some people call him the greatest stunt man to ever live It. He's done some stuff that I think earns him that Yeah. Because, I Mean, this is back in the day too, where he was legitimately risking his life. Right. You know, Like the, the very famously where he's standing on the street in front of a house and then the whole front of the house falls over him and the window just goes right around him. Yeah. I watched that again today.


Yeah, it is. I can't believe he did that. You, and there's actually a half of a second where his arm jerks up. 'cause he startled as the house finally makes its way like into his peripheral vision. Yeah. And it has to be one of the most dangerous things that human being's ever done on film. Oh Yeah. I'm sure the whole time before that was like, we did the math, right. You did the math. Do the math Again. Do the math again. Yeah. Show me the math. Right. Show me the math. Yeah. Because that's all it was. It was math and measurements. Right. But yeah, he could have been squashed and killed very easily And he had a lot of faith in everybody who was pulling off the stunt with him, you know? Yeah. He had to just stand there. Yeah. That was his whole thing was is he had to just stand there.


And his bit was that he was, he played it straight constantly. He was a stone-faced actor. Yeah. Deadpan. Yeah. He kinda started that whole thing because his big, I was about to say rival, but I guess just contemporary Charlie Chaplin, while similar in some ways was completely different because Chaplin was constantly mugging for the camera and like asking for the audience sympathy. Right. Raising his eyebrows or, yeah. Like, look what's happening to me? Come on, come on. Whereas Buster Keaton would just, he had that deadpan look the whole Time. Yeah. He would go from like a house falling around him to jumping on a train or something like that with just the same blank facial expression.


Yeah. And the reason this is a highly influential film, the general is 'cause it kind of showcases the best of both the, the amazing stunts that would be mimicked and throughout the years and built upon. And then the deadpan style that influenced everyone from, obviously Bill Murray is one of the great deadpan actors of all time. Yeah. Like, you can count the number of times Bill Murray even smiles in a movie on like two hands. Sure. Much less like apes or laughs or anything. Michael C's mentioned in here. And I'm like, he, I think he might have Bill Murray beat as far as dead deadpan actor goes. Yeah. Well, Zach Gki is on the list. He's super deadpan. Yeah. Sometimes Leslie Nielsen, of course Amy Poer I think is a, is a, A woman that's a very deadpan Yeah.


Has a deadpan style. Jason Swartzman. Yes. But people say this is, this all is a direct descendant of Buster Keaton's work. Yeah. And If you think we're overstating this, go watch any Buster Keaton movie. Yeah. You'll be thrilled and delighted. And if your attention span has been shredded to ribbons by the internet, just go onto to YouTube and type in Buster Keaton and it'll bring up all sorts of clips of his awesome stunts. It's pretty great. You'll be thrilled and amazed, I promise. Yeah. And I think I made a note here by the way, that we have a fatty Arbuckle retraction to make, remember when we, we called him out as the rapist to murderer. I didn't say murderer. Well we said rapist at least.


Right. But we were taken a task by fan. He was, he had, he was acquitted of all that stuff and apparently didn't do either act and his career and life and family name were ruined forever. Huh. So he was evidently done a grave mis justice and we sort of, cavalierly just still called him that Today. Yeah. I need to look into it more. All right, so next up we have the jazz singer, the 1927 edition, not the Neil Diamond one. No. And there was one in between too with Danny Thomas. Oh yeah. I believe I like Neil Diamonds. It's good. I never saw it. Did you ever See it? No. No. It's not bad. But this is the original from Alan Crossland and it is notable because it was the first feature length movie that was at least 25% spoken dialogue.


Right. Does that make sense? Yeah. It's totally new. Yeah. It wasn't, it wasn't the first talkie. 'cause they had short films that were talkies. Right. And there was a movie the next year, I'm sorry Yeah. In 1928 called Lights of New York that had a hundred percent full spoken dialogue. But the jazz singer had a mix of music and spoken dialogue. Right. The first big, big daddy feature link film to do so. Right. With substantial dialogue. Right. Yeah. And they, they did it in the most roundabout difficult way that you could possibly do it, which is to record the audio and the, the soundtrack both the dialogue and the music onto vinyl records.


Yeah. Probably wax records really. And then the projectionist had to sync the record up with the film strip so everything was in sync. Yeah. It was a device called a Vitaphone that Warner Brothers sunk about half a million into this company called Western Electric who invented it. And it was actually physically connected to the projector's motor. Ah. So they, while they did have to sink it, it, it was a physical connection between the phonograph player and the projection re I guess. Yeah. And it went on to gross three and a half million bucks for 1927. That's man, lot of dough. That's a ton of dough. That's like five, $6 million today.


At least. Yeah. At least. But was ineligible for the best picture because they were just like you, you can't compete with the rest. It's not fair. Oh wow. Because everything else is silent and everyone's gonna vote for you. Yeah. So that changed the whole game for sure. We will continue on with our awesome and engrossing list right after this.


This July 4th. Celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody. Stuff You Should Know, Should Know today is sponsored by Liquid IV. And I gotta tell you, it's peak hydration season. And Liquid IV is a perfect companion for your hottest summer plans. I love the Liquid iv. It's super easy and convenient. You just tear it, you pour it some water, you mix it up and it tastes really great and hydrates you. Yeah. It's also exhilarating 'cause they've just launched an exhilarating new flavor Chuck called Arctic Raspberry. And Liquid IV has sugar-free options powered by UV Hydroscience for Smart hydration. That's right. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water is gonna hydrate better than water alone. And it also has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Yeah. It's an optimized ratio of electrolytes, central vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. So no matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code stuff at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


This episode of Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by Human Footprint Season two on PBS and the PBS app. The Emmy nominated series returns to reveal the global impact of earth's most ingenious and most destructive species, humans. Every Coffee cup, every outfit, every glass of water connects to a global web of survival that will change how you see the world journey across continents with host and Princeton biologist Shane Campbell Staten and witness firsthand how our choices reshape the planet. That's Right. Go down the Colorado River to expose humanity's age old obsession with controlling water. Follow him from New York supermarkets to rural Thailand, discovering how grocery stores didn't just change shopping, they rewired civilization itself. Yeah. And discover Chili's, textile graveyards where your shirt's true cost lies buried. Explore biotech labs and beaver ponds to uncover the species we've recruited as biological allies. And discover fossils, ent tombed in Tar and cells frozen in time, tracing the arc of extinction from prehistory to the present. See Your world differently. Watch human footprint season two on PBS.


So Chuck, if you'll notice the first three movies in our list, the first three films that changed everything happened in 19 25, 26, and 27. Things were Changing fast. They really were. Yeah. I mean like we by leaps and bounds Sure. But you can also make the case that there was a lot of new ground to cover. So just about anybody who did anything new that was noteworthy. It was an innovation should Yeah. It was a big innovation. Yeah. Yeah. Harder To innovate these days. It is. And if you'll notice on the list, so the, the earliest ones were like technical editing innovations. Now starting with Citizen Kane from 1941, we start to get into innovations in storytelling.


Yeah. Which is a, a a lot more nuanced than, you know, doing your own stunts or using a montage or something. It's, it's figuring out how to tell a story in a much less linear narrative fashion. Yeah. And Citizen King was one of the early ones to pioneer a non-linear narrative. Yeah. Did you, you saw this? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I didn't see it till, I mean it was probably like probably about 15 years ago, but like way later than you would think I would've seen this. Yeah. As a big film buff. I Saw it in college at a, in a film class. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Often.


Yeah. If you sign up for a film class, you're gonna study Citizen Camp. Exactly. Pretty much. And I finally found out where Rosebud was. Don't ruin it, I won't. But it is a landmark film in every way. And it has often been topped of best films of all time lists for great reasons. One of which, like you said, the non-linear narrative was a really unique thing at the time. Although Flashback wasn't brand new, it was the first time it had been this extensive Yeah. And effective in the storytelling. Yeah. 'cause I mean it's substantial enough that it really cuts up the flow. Oh yeah. You know, it's not like a quick flashback and they come back and the actor's like staring off into space to Right.


Transition back into the present again. I mean like it was all over the place. Yeah. You know, Some of the more concrete cinematic landmarks, one was using Deep Focus, director of Photography, Greg Toland legend used, he had used Deep Focus before on a movie called Long Voyage Home. But it's all over the place in Citizen Kane. And that basically means If you see a shot where something very far away is in focus in the shot basically where everything's in focus with The background and the foreground or Yeah. In focus. So you can press pause and look around Exactly like you're sticking your head into a box.


Yeah. That's called Deep Focus. Yeah. And it was brand new as far as Citizen Kane goes is how extensive it used it. Yeah. One of the other things was off-center framing. It was a big, you know, pretty common thing to just center whatever the main action was. Either the character or the object. And Citizen Kane had a lot of things where the main focus of the scene, the character, maybe even off screen, which was really weird at the time, people didn't know what to think of it. Right. Expressionistic lighting back then. Everything, they just lit it. They were like, make sure everything's well lit. Yeah. But wasn't It Auto Preminger also like a big pioneer with that?


Yeah, I think so. With Dial In For Murder or I think he directed that. Was That Hitchcock? I think that was Hitchcock. Was it? Okay. Well, auto Perimeter directed stuff like that though. Right. He was very, he used Moody Lighting and shadows and stuff a lot. I probably messed that up. People are gonna be Dial in for murder. I think it was pre jury. Okay. But Orson Wells, of course, I don't think we even mentioned that. Who wrote Directed, starred and produced. And I think he even edited Citizen Kane. Yeah. I just assumed everybody knew that, you know? Yeah. He came from the theater where you create a mood with lighting only certain parts of the stage. So he brought that into the movies and it was very evocative and set the mood well.


And people are like, man, why are we lighting everything all bright all the time? Look at Citizen Kane. It really worked. Yeah. Couple of other things, one of which I know you will appreciate sir, is that he pretty much invented the wipe. Oh, the Star Wipe. Not the Star wipe, But it followed. Yeah. The Star Wipe followed. Okay. Which I know is your favorite transition in cinema. Oh, it's awesome. The Star wipe. Star wipe. Because it almost makes a be sound, you know? And one Of the, by the way, I want to say you're right, D for Murderer was Hitchcock. Oh, was it? Yeah. Oh, okay. What was premature? Did you look that up? He did one called Laura, the man with the golden arm. It's not who I'm thinking of.


I'm thinking of a director named Otto who directed in like the twenties or thirties. And he directed like moody, like, like moody movies, like Yeah. Murder movies, that kind of Thing. Yeah, yeah. Like Phil Moore. Yes. Phil. No, that's exactly what I was going for. And I don't remember who it was. Maybe his name was Auto Film Noir. He's French. And then one final thing, of course the, you could study Citizen Kane for a week in a film class. So this is an overview, but the low angle shots, people didn't use a lot of low or hele shots back then. It was kind of just shot from straight on. And Orson Wells even dug out, cut out the floor a lot of times to get the camera lower.


Wow. And for the first time we saw ceilings in view in a movie because quite often things were shot on a sound stage where you don't have ceilings. And he wanted those low angle shots. So they used fabric most times to act as a ceiling, but very effective shots of from below of Orson Wells as, I mean, it wasn't exactly William Randolph Hearst, but it was an approximation of William Randolph Hearst. Right. So very effective low angle stuff that now, I mean, we take for granted all these things. Right. But you know, there would be no pulp fiction in that non-linear storytelling. If there was no, well maybe somebody would've done it, but Maybe eventually.


But you know, he was the first, he did the first and, and I That's why it was innovative. Exactly. It's Fritz Lang that I Was thinking. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Fritz Lang Metropolis And m just m That's okay. Yeah. It's all making sense now. You get confused. Yeah. But you were right on. You were right there. Fritz and Otto are not close. I mean, they're both German, but that's about it. Yeah. But do you know what the difference between M and Dial M? Just a telephone. What's up next? Chuck Breathless. One of my faves. So I am going to rely on you mostly for this one, because I looked up what the French new wave really did. What it accounted for.


Yeah. And like all of the essays I found were hard to, they were dense. Yeah. And I didn't really understand, I understood that the French new wave like changed everything. Yeah. And that a lot of the movies that I know and love today are the offspring of the French New Wave. But I still didn't get exactly specifically what the French New Wave did. Then you're gonna rely on me to summarize this. Yeah. No Bridge. No. Well for me, the French new Wave basically ushered in in an era of what now I think most people might associate with indie filmmaking. Okay. Okay. Like handheld camera work and what some people at the time considered amateurish camera work movies where maybe not a lot seemingly happens, you know, nothing Grand Happens.


Which was the case in Breathless. A lot of people didn't like it at the time because it was like, you know, not much happens. You know, the, the, the two leads in the movie John Paul Delmondo and Gene Seaberg weren't really like, didn't show express a whole lot of Deep Love. And there weren't these big moments of love and affection and these huge action sequences. And it was described as flat by a lot of people. And I think a lot of indie movies do that just kind of show life as it happens. Yeah. So without Breathless, we wouldn't have like Bottle Rocket Maybe Wes Anderson's definitely a, a big French new Wave guy. Yeah, for sure. But Goddard, Jean-Luc Godard, who directed it in Truffaut and some other French new wave forefathers were film critics at first.


Oh yeah. Yeah. And they decided as a group, like, we wanna look at sentiment a new wave and do something different. So they went and started making their own movies. That's like James Fennemore Cooper. Oh Yeah. The guy who wrote Last of the Mohicans. Oh really? Yeah. He apparently used to complain that like nobody wrote good books anymore. And so I think his wife or something said, well, why don't you do it Big Shot? And he did. And the books he wrote were really weren't so great. But he, he, he went and wrote them and he wrote a bunch of them too. One of my favorite Far Sides ever is the second to the last of the Mohicans. It's just a line of, of Native Americans in the second to the last one. They're online facing away.


He just sort of turning around and waving at this camera. That Is a good one. Or I guess the camera at Gary Larson's hand. So breathless is notable for those reasons. It kind of kicked off the French new wave. But the use of jump cut editing, which we see so much now. It was the first movie and it's, it was very jarring at the time to see jump cuts in a movie. Yeah, I'll bet. And that's when you're showing, like, I guess the best way to describe it is multiple shots of the same subject or thing from different angles. Right. It's like you indicate the progression of time or movement or something by just cutting quickly rather than focusing on somebody walking down the street for five minutes.


Yeah. You cut a couple of times and all of a sudden they're just closer to the camera and then closer and closer and then they're past the camera. It's a jump cut. Yeah. Or even as simple, something as simple as like, you're going to leave the house, so you go and pick up your keys and you put on your coat instead of showing all that you come out of the bedroom, boom, you're putting on your coat, boom, you're putting the keys in the door. Right. Exactly. You're just showing the high highlights of Yeah. This progression of stuff where that would otherwise be boring to watch the whole thing. Yeah. But it also is used to create tension too. Yeah. It because it, it's, it's jarring. Yeah. I guess is probably why it creates tension. And Scorsese famously used it in Goodfellas. Oh yes. At the end when Henry Hill is like, like trying to sell some guns to the cocaine sequence.


De Niro. Yeah. He is coked to the gills. Right. And he's like trying to sell some guns that Nero, but they don't fit the silencers and like he's the helicopter's following 'em. Yeah. He's got the sauce going and all this stuff is being represented and compressed into a very short amount of time by the use of jump cuts. Yeah. Very effective. And for budding filmmakers, it's a great way to hide mistakes. Oh yeah. Of things you may not have gotten that you thought you got. Yeah. Jump cutting is a really easy way to, to just sort of Yeah. To hide your errors. Yeah. I I did a lot. In other words, when I was making those shorts, I, I was, I realized that in my head I was referencing the shot in soul taker.


You, have you ever seen that Mystery science 3000 with Uhuh? It's his last name is Estevez. It's Martin Sheen's brother. And he is a soul taker and he's next to this guy who's a soul taker. You just have to see this. But anyway, they're, they're walking down the road in this jump cut, like has this progression of them Right. It, it's so unnecessary. But it's like a great use of jump cut. You could tell the director was like, I can't wait to use a jump cut. And that's what she did. She used it on. But go watch that MST three K. It's a good one, Man. You've, did you see every single one of those episodes? No. It's still, I, I still run across ones that I haven't seen.


Yeah. Nice. Hey, and a shout out to Bill Corbitt, who I know is a listener. Oh yeah, he is, isn't he? Yeah. I don't know if he's gonna hear this one, but the great Bill Corbett Soul taker. Next we are gonna move on to Federico Fellini. Eight and a half. You ever seen this one? No, I haven't. It's good. Now I understand why it's called that though. Yeah. It was one of the first, although not the first movies about movie making and starring the great Marcello Mastriani MAs Masani from La Dolce Vita. A muse of Fellini's over the years too. And this one, this one really kicked off the surrealist filmmaking and sort of saying you can play around and shoot a dream sequence where the, the guy's in traffic and then he leaves his car and floats up in the air and is, you know, being pulled down to the ground on the beach from a rope tied around his ankle.


Just like go nuts. Yeah. And successive filmmakers did go nuts. Yeah. Like gory did Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mine. Oh yeah. He's hugely influenced. Darren Aronofsky did some weird stuff here or there. Yeah. David Lynch and Terry Gilliam. Of course. Yeah. Just basically surrealism is, is what I'm taking Fellini introduced into this. Yeah. For real. And besides the surrealism, that opening sequence of eight and a half, where the director of, he's the director in the movie, he Guido is stuck in traffic. It's really claustrophobic feeling and that's why he floats away and escapes. You know that, that traffic jam.


But that was directly mimicked in like Rems, everybody hurts video. Oh yeah. And the beginning of the movie falling down. Do you remember that? That started with the traffic jam that Yeah. Michael Douglas just left. He doesn't float. He gets like an Ozzy. I saw that again the other day. Most of it does it Hold up. It's weird. It alternately felt way ahead of its time and also very dated. Yeah. Because the stuff that Michael Douglas was doing felt way ahead of its time. But then there was, I just forgot about that whole weird subplots with Robert Duval retiring and he had this wife that was hand pecking him and like this retirement party they were trying to throw him.


I Forgot about that too. Yeah. It was just so unnecessary, huh. And felt really weird and outta place the other day. Yeah. When I was watching it Was there like a jump cut montage where he is putting on his watch his Gold Retirement watch? No, no. But then too, the Barbara Hershey you now is at, in Venice at home with the daughter and he spends a whole day coming there to grab them basically. And the whole time she just keeps calling the cops. Like I, no, he is coming and no, he's coming. And I was watching the other day, I was like freaking leave. Oh yeah. What are you doing there? Yeah. That's a movie character thing. Yeah. You know, that's just bad writing, bad directing when you just walk right past the ability to leave.


There's you, you missed a huge step. Where were we falling down? Yeah, I think that pretty much sums up Eight and a half. I think so too. Falling down. Boom. So Chuck, we got a little more left. We got more films. Is this making you wanna watch films? Yeah, me too. I feel like eating ice cream, watching a film and scratching from poison ivy lately. Yeah. And burning this office down. You know, if that happens now suspicion's gonna fall on you for saying that. That's all right. We'll be right back after this.


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


This episode of Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by Human Footprint Season two on PBS and the PBS app. The Emmy nominated series returns to reveal the global impact of earth's most ingenious and most destructive species, humans. Every coffee cup, every outfit, every glass of water connects to a global web of survival that will change how you see the world journey across continents with host and Princeton biologist Shane Campbell Staton and witness firsthand how our choices reshaped the planet. That's right. Go down the Colorado River to expose humanity's age old obsession with controlling water. Follow him from New York supermarkets to rural Thailand. Discovering how grocery stores didn't just change shopping, they rewired civilization itself. Yeah. And discovered Chili's. Textile graveyards where your shirt's true cost lies buried. Explore biotech labs and beaver ponds to uncover the species we've recruited as biological allies. And discover fossils, ENT tombed in tar and cells frozen in time. Tracing the arc of extinction from prehistory to the present. See Your world differently. Watch human footprint season two on PBS.


Hey everybody summer's here and we're all chasing something. A break, a goal, a vibe or whatever it is. Let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course, because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running Bombas. Running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool and they fight blisters and such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear. That feels barely there. Yeah. And I know we're both fans of those No CM Socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/ SYSK and use code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ SYSK. Code SYSK at checkout.


All right, so we're back with our awesome jingles, which by the way, we, we have to thank John. Be Yeah. Begin John. Begin. Begin the begin. He even emailed with the pronunciation of his name. I know. But he the original guy who did our jingle. The first jingle ever. Yeah. Rusty Mattus or Mattias Man, I'm not good with the pronunciation. Well anyway, rusty who's banned the sheep dogs are on tour right now. Yeah. Just because his work was so original. We contacted him and said, Hey, we've got this other guy who's done like covers of your work. Can we use these? He's like totally Mash it up brother. Yeah. And John's been making awesome like versions of it ever since.


Yeah. They're both great and talented. Thanks To you both. And go check out. I think that, what'd you say? They're on tour, right? Yeah. The sheep Dogs. Yeah. Go check out the sheep dogs. Yeah. And in town near you. Yeah. Alright, let's finish with these two in reverse order. Okay. Toy Story was a big one. Hugely innovative. Big Landmark film. Huge. Oh yeah. And again, it's one of those things where now almost everything about it seems pedestrian. Sure. Or what it did. Yeah. Yeah. See it's still a great movie, I'm sure. Oh yeah. But the, the innovations that it, it undertook are just seemed pedestrian, but at the time it was totally groundbreaking. Yeah. Game changer. It was the first, the first CGI movie all CGI movie ever.


Yeah. That was enormous. Well yeah. And I remember at the time seeing it and just being like, wow. Yeah. This is the future of animated films. What's the best all CGI animated film you've ever seen visually? Well, I haven't seen a lot of them these days 'cause Emily doesn't like those. So I probably wouldn't be the best person to ask Holly from stuff Mom or stuff in History class. Oh yeah. Yeah. She'd probably be the one to ask For my money. Have you seen the Adventures of Tin Tin? Oh yeah. That was amazing. Mind blowing. Yeah. I saw that on your recommendation and really, really liked it. Yeah. The story was great. The action was great.


The characters were great. But the CGI, the computer animation is I think possibly the best ever done. Yeah. And that's a bit of a different style than say like Up or The Incredibles. It's not nearly as cartoonish. It's like the what? I think it's the motion capture. Yeah. I think that's what they did for that. Oh yeah. With Up it would strictly be totally just animation. Right. Yeah. But I mean, they're both animation. Right. But yeah. Man Tintin, that was really good. It Was good. I was surprised how much I liked that. But Up was good too. And Toy Story was good too. But all of these things came as a result of the, the ground that Toy Story broke. Absolutely. In 1995, like you said, what seems like a common thing today.


I mean, you don't see cell animation anymore. It's almost I know. I kind of miss it. I totally Miss it. Like the new Mickey Mouse is all weird in cg. Like Yeah. Stuff from our generation should have just been discontinued. Yeah. And then you just come up with all new stuff. That's CGI. Strawberry Shortcake not supposed to be CGI. It just all looks weird now. Yeah. I wish there would've, people would've done a little bit of both still because I think cell animation, like I think the Iron Giant came out after Toy Story and they did cell animation. Yeah. And that was great. Yeah. Great movie. I haven't Seen that. Oh, it was really good. You'd like it like it was a movie for grownups. Sure. And Toy Story sort of laid the way for that because it was one of the first movies, I guess cartoony kids movies to really have a lot of dialogue that flew over kids' heads that adults got a little nod and a wink.


What Toy story? Yeah. Yeah. Not like Dirty Humor, but It's not like Fritz the Cat. No, no, no. But a little entendre here and there that adults might appreciate that kids won't understand. Right. Those are the best jokes. Right. And now we have, you know, best animated feature in the Oscars, which definitely came straight out of the original Toy Story because movie started being considered before they created its own category up. And Toy Story three were actually nominated for regular Best Picture. Yeah. And I think everyone was like, Ooh, we need to get them their own category. 'cause we can't have an animated movie when Best Picture Can't. We Well Up would've come after the, the best animated picture category came out.


Oh, really? So that kind of goes as a testament to Yeah. Just how amazing that movie is. Yeah, that's right. That was that It was still still up for Best Picture. Oh, it Was both. I don't know if it was up for, it probably was up for Best Animated as well, but it was definitely also up for Best Picture. Oh wow. While there was an animated category. Yeah. I never considered that. Bam. That was a good movie. Yeah, It was sweet. So I got nothing else in Toy Story. Well then what about the last one? Yeah. 2001 A Space Odyssey, man. Quite a film. You sent this essay on Criterion, I think criterion.com but you know the Criterion Collection? Yeah.


It was written I guess in 1988. Even though it says posted in 1988, it's like there wasn't an internet to post it on in 1988. Maybe It means posted it like in the mail maybe. But it, it, I realized like I can read film essays about Stanley Kubrick's work all day long. Yeah, me too. Like I love that documentary room 2, 2 7. Was it 2 2 7 2 3 7 2 4 6 2 3 2 3 7. 2 4 7. You know the one about the Shining conspiracy theories? Yeah. The, the number of the room is Amazing. I can't remember though. I, I read a bunch of articles is I think 2 37. I read a bunch of articles around the release of that documentary.


Yeah. Which were basically like film essays on, on The Shining. I read this one amazing one from several years ago about Eyes Wide Shut. Oh yeah, me Too. About how it's like a, a masterpiece of sociology. I love that movie. Sociology. A lot of People hate that movie. Yeah. And then now this like 2001, I'm sure there's tons out there to consume, but I I can just read that stuff all day long. 'cause that guy was so just amazingly detailed as a director. Yeah, I agree. I can read more about his work Critical essays on his work than any other director. Right. It's just unbelievable. It's almost, It's its own genre. It is. You know, Kubrickian. Yeah. It's got a word named after it And well, it should.


So 2001 A Space Odyssey, 1968. Blue Mines back then Blows Mines today. One for, its just the amazing look and the technical achievement. It ages really well. I mean, If you see a movie from 1968 about outer space, it Still looks like the future. Yeah. You don't expect it to hold up. Well, but it totally does. So much so that a lot of the, you know, George Lucas and Ridley Scott were just like, it's done. Right. Like we might as well give up. Yeah. George Lucas Wind, star Wars came out, said Star Wars is technically comparable, but for my money, 2001 is by far the better movie. Yeah. Everyone was sort of intimidated, I think by how talented Kubrick was.


Well, plus also you have to take into account that he made this movie at a time when other sci-fi movies were just pure schlock. Oh yeah. So not only to, to make the movie in this way, this visually amazing and amazing with an audio soundtrack and just totally innovative. It also took like that mindset Yeah. To just completely go in a different direction that everybody else has as well. Yeah, of course. I think about Ridley Scott saying that, and then he goes on to make Alien and Blade Runner after that. So, I mean, he, he helped up And Prometheus man. Yeah. I, people don't like Prometheus. I don't care. It's a cool movie. No, I liked it too.


I thought okay, I just, one, one flaw. The big flaw to me was, and I'm sure it's like part of the subtext or the context or one of the texts, but the, the, the engineer coming back to life or coming out of hibernation after however long and just immediately like inflicting violence on these pea brained humans Yeah. Who are showing him no threat whatsoever. Yeah. I just thought it was a little, it wasn't explained well enough, I think. Right. For my taste. Yeah. I think I agree with you, But when I'm watching a Ridley Scott movie, I just assume if I'm missing something, he has an explanation for it.


I'm just not catching it. Yeah, I know what you mean. I'd like, I, I think I read some stuff about how it tied into the alien cannon and realize I need to go see it again with all this knowledge that I wasn't really thinking about. Yeah. And maybe I'd like it more. Yeah. But I haven't done that yet. So back to 2001. Oh yeah. It was also notable for being bookended basically with 30 minutes of silence on both ends of the movie. The first 30 minutes are, and when I say silent, I mean no dialogue. Right. And the last 30 minutes have no dialogue. Yeah. The last line comes like a full 30 minutes before the end. Yeah. And over the 146 minutes, there are only 40 minutes of dialogue and the whole thing.


And that's why I just, when people compare something like Interstellar and call it Kubrickian, I just wanna smash Hu Smash Smash. Did you not like Inter Interstellar? Not really. Oh, I Liked It. I was super let down Despite McConaughey doing Wooderson in the future. I still liked it. I even liked him in it. I liked a lot Of the parts of it, but to me it's anti kubrickian because every 10 minutes they're explaining everything that's going on all over Again. Oh yeah. That was another thing, Just like inception, Inception, Ellen Page's entire character was written in to explain what was going on every 10 minutes. Yeah. And I felt like Interstellar was the same way.


It's like Christopher Nolan needs to just trust his audience a little bit like Kubrick did and say figure it out or don't. Yeah. No, That's, that's True. But I'm not going to stop every 10 minutes just to explain everything. Yeah. Here's what's going on. Remember If you didn't get it right, here's what's going on again. Well I think if they are labeling something like Interstellar is Kubrickian. Right. One of the ways that you can interpret that is that he was, he rooted his 2001 in Science fact. Yeah. Right. So like the stuff that the, the astronauts are like dealing with and the things that are going on and the, the conditions of space there was all factual.


Whereas with Interstellar, same thing. They went to really great lengths to do what they could to make Yeah. Everything to make the scientifically factual, aside from the fact that the idea that you could go into a black hole and then come back out or something like that. Sure. Drifting in space, that's not gonna happen. But for the most part, interstellar was scientifically accurate. So maybe that's what they meant when they called it Kubrickian, because you're absolutely right. Yeah. Like they did explain a lot and went to great lengths to explain a lot. Whereas with, with 2001, you just watch it the first five times. Like what just happened. Yeah. And apparently Carrie Grant had that same reaction as well. That was Rock Hudson. Rock Hudson, that's Right.


Yeah. The original screening that Roger Ebert was at in La Rock, Hudson just left and said, can somebody tell me what the hell that was about? Yeah. And it wasn't even over yet. Yeah. Yeah. Well the reason it, it, it has science fact and not science fiction is because Kubrick and Arthur C. Clark, who Oh yeah. It wasn't actually a book that was made into a movie. It was a movie. A book made after a movie. Yeah. And they collaborated on both. And they went to Carl Sagan, of course of Cosmos and said, He said, you're gonna make billions and billions of dollars. That was Pretty good. Was it? Yeah. It sounded a lot like 'em.


They went to Carl Sagan and said, Hey, we want to portray these extraterrestrials. Are they, maybe the star child is, or they turn Dave into the star child. Right. Are they humanoids? What are they gonna look like? And Sagan was like, they were very unlikely to be humanoid. So Kubrick did the smart thing and was just like, well, we just won't show him Right at all. Instead of making a fool of myself like signs and making some dumb looking alien. Oh man, man, Let me just not show the aliens. Very smart move. Yeah. Getting back to the story of 2001, Although I think the Village is underrated, eh, I can stomach that one.


What about, well, you like the Sixth Sense, right? Everybody liked the sixth sense. Sure. I guess that was it for him. I loved Unbreakable. Unbreakable. Yeah. That was one where like, yeah, I think it was maybe even better the second time. Yeah. I still like that movie. Yeah. But he also made that, that Lady in the Water movie and the, the, the one with Marky Mark where the people were jumping off Four brothers, No, three Kings. Is it the one in the elevator? No, he, he just produced that one. Oh, I know what you're talking about. The one where people are like jumping off of buildings and stuff. Yeah. Inexplicably. Yeah. That I Didn't even, I didn't see that either. I couldn't get through 10 minutes of that movie. So 2001 back to Good movies was, had a three x three part structure, but not a conventional three x structure that you might be used to in movies, which is why it confounded people like Rock Hudson.


The first, they called them movements. The first movement was the, the dawn of man sequence with the, the, the apes with the, with the monolith. And he has that great part where he throws his little bone tool up in the air. Right. And then it morphs into, well not morphs, but it maybe it's a dissolve into the spinning in outer space. It's called the Match cut. Yeah. Match cut. And of the rotation of what we now know was a nuclear warhead. Because I read that little article 20 things You Didn't Know about 2001. I didn't know those were nuclear warheads necessarily in outer space. They made it a little more vague and initially it was gonna be more explicit and they were gonna explode it in outer space.


Right. But he said, nah, it's a little too close to The ending of Strange love. Strange love. Yeah. Yeah. So let's not do that. Yeah. Probably a good choice. Yeah. But some, as a result, some people have taken it to mean that like it was a, that match cut was supposed to show how far humans have come. Right. From using a bone to murder somebody to satellites in space. But If you know that the satellite is actually loaded down with nuclear warheads, it that match cut demonstrates how little humans have changed. Oh yeah. From using a bone to murder somebody to using satellites to murder somebody, the the motif is still the same and it's murder. Yeah. He was going for some deep things.


Oh yeah. A lot of metaphor happening. Yeah. I mean supposedly in every single shot. 'cause he started out as a still photographer, right? Oh yeah. Supposedly every frame of a Kubrick movie, you, there is nothing that isn't unintentional in placed there by him. He did a lot of his own set decorating. Yeah. Like the, the pencil holder on the desk in the office of the guy at the Shining Hotel. Right. Was where it's supposed to be. Right. And if like, if it has like a, a picture of a goat head inscribed on it, that means something. Right. It's not accidental. Yeah. Although we'll say room 2 37, which I think may have been the point is a little bit like these people are crazy. Not like, oh man, I, I just see what they're saying in all this.


Right, right. I was just thinking, these people are nuts. Right. It, it's, it was just kind of enjoyable to hear their interpretations of it. Well, and I think it had a, it was a comment on obsession and fandom more so than the Shining for Sure. But there, I thought there Mo some of their ideas were Oh, interesting. Oh, yeah, totally. I said Room 2, 2 7. Didn't I? Like, one of the conspiracy theorists was like, Mary Wasn't room 2, 2, 7, like a sitcom. Yeah. It was just called 2 2 7. Okay. Yeah. 2, 2 7. Gotcha. Remember it was Jack K She'd be like, Mary. Oh, okay. I, That's what my impression was. What'd you think I was doing? Well, I wasn't sure what You meant. Just being a weirdo. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


The second movement was of course the, the how sequence, the computer, the how was it? The how 9,000. Yeah. Really creepy. And Hal ended up being a lot of people's favorite character, even though it was just a voice. The supercomputer on the discovery ship. I Remember He is like, what are you doing, Dave? It's so creepy. I, I had the Mad magazine spoof of 2001 when I was a kid. It was great. Yeah. And then the third movement is when Dave moves on to the next stage of human development with these extraterrestrials that, you know, only hear. And basically it's when it comes full circle, the third movement And the third movement is the one that has almost, well, it's really just the second movement that's, that has dialogue.


It's the Dog. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the alternate titles for 2001 Journey Beyond the Stars Terrible Universe. Not Bad. Yeah. Okay. Tunnel to the Stars, Not So Great Planet Fall. That sounds bad. Sounds like a James Bond movie. And then how the Solar System was won as a play on how the west was won. Yeah. Which, like, movie geeks would find that appealing, but everybody else would say, that's dumb. He ruined everything. Yeah. And Kubrick was, this is the last thing I have. He was so obsessive with protecting his material that he allegedly, I don't think allegedly. I think he did. Yeah. Have all the sets and props in many natures destroyed after he shot it so they would never be reused.


Which is a common thing at the time. Yeah. Like, Hey, we're doing a space movie. Go get that. Go get that space ring from Stanley Set. Yeah. Let's reuse it for Planet Fall. He, he also destroyed all of the footage that didn't make it into the original theatrical release. Yeah. Destroyed. It's gone. Yeah. So they wouldn't one day after his death recut it, which they invariably probably would've done. Yep. He's a smart man. Yeah. I could, we we should just do a podcast on Kubrick. Okay. He, he was, I I'm down for that challenge. A ba dude. Yes. One of my heroes. Yeah. Cinematically. You got anything else? I Got nothing else.


If you wanna know more about movies, If you like this one, you would probably also love our exploitation episode. Oh yeah. Exploitation movie episode. That was a fun one. What else have we talked about? Movies in Cannonball Run. Oh yeah. That, that had a lot to do with the movie. Yeah. Our James Bond episode. Yeah. Yeah. We've had a few of these. And people always respond to these. They're like, you guys should have a spinoff Show. Yeah. Do an all movie podcast. Sure. Maybe one day, maybe Remember if you're looking for any of these, press control f or Apple f in your web browser and search that way on our podcast archive page, you can also search for this article on How stuff works, by typing movies in and seeing what comes up.


And since I said how stuff works, it's time for Listener mail. I'm gonna call this Mike DuPont really clear something up for us on Scientific Method. Okay. Hey guys, it was a great, well, actually he doesn't say it was great. I think I just made that up. Hey guys. Your Scientific Method podcast has a consistent misuse of what a scientific law is in relation to, to the working of the scientific method. It appears that you believe that a law EG Newton's law of gravity is in held in higher esteem than theory that eventually a theory matures into a law. I think I probably did think that because of politics, right? You know? Yeah. How a bill becomes a law. Right, exactly. He says, when in fact, theory is considerably more robust than a law.


A law is a mathematical model that describes observed behavior. Does not answer the why. Right. Theory does answer why something happens. Did we not say that? I thought we did Well, like I, I knew that. I remember finding that out from the research. I just can't believe it didn't come outta my mouth. He claims we did not, and I feel like I'm learning this, so I definitely did not. Okay, go Ahead. But you may have, for example, Newton's Law of Gravitational Attraction describes the action of two bodies that can be used for pretty much everything. It is perfect for describing what happens, but it cannot tell you why the two items are attracted or drill down to the underlying mechanism. Yeah. A law is like much more succinct. Yeah. It just is what it is.


Nor is the law even universal and could not be used to explain the parhelion procession of Mercury's orbit Burn. In comparison, Einstein's theory of general relativity was eventually used to solve the Mercury issue. Oh yeah. The Mercury issue and the standard model, along with the recent discovery of the Higgs boson by CERN can answer the why do these two masses attracted to each other a question? I think what you mean is why are these two masses attracted to one another? Mike? It's pretty, teleological Theory is considerably more developed and richer than a scientific law, which is more of a tool that is applicable to a wide range of applications.


Keep up the good work. That is Mike DuPont. Thanks Mike. Thanks For that of The Valley Forge DuPonts? I Think so. Huh? Have you seen Fox Catcher? Oh no, I've heard It's good. Is it good? No. Oh, really? I don't think so. No. I've Heard it's kind of slow. It's beyond slow, really? Oh, Yeah. I I I can understand why the Academy loved it or Sure. A lot of people I'm sure do like it. I, I was not a fan of Fox Catcher. I think people generally seeing like a turn by an actor like Steve Curl doing something really different. They're knocked out by that. No, I still can't believe you didn't like Birdman. No.


Spoiler alert. For people who have not seen Birdman, the following conversation is full of spoilers. Yes. What Didn't you like about it? So I thought, I thought Michael Keeton was good. Okay. Who plays his daughter? Emily Blunt. Is that who that is? Emma Stone. Emma Stone. Excellent. Okay. Ed Norton. Even pretty good. Okay. So the acting was fine. Who is Naomi Watts was in it. Yeah, she did great. Okay. So yes, the acting, the acting was fine. Sure. I thought the acting was fine. I thought the photography was amazing. Yeah. The whole seemingly one take thing kind of knocked you out. Probably. I didn't even pick up on that, but Yes.


Yeah, it did. It was more the, the, for me, the juxtaposition of the story, which was pretty boring and, and realistic in everyday life. Even though it was about a Broadway production, it was still about the everyday life of it. Sure. Against the surrealism that's like threaded in and embedded in Yeah. Throughout the whole movie. I didn't like that. Okay. It was like, choose one or the other man. Gotcha. It irked me. And, and then just so that one part with the critic where Michael Keaton tells off the critic. Yeah. I thought Michael Keaton did a wonderful job. Yeah. But just the whole point that it was in there of like the director, you know, using Michael Keaton's character to tell off all the critics he's ever wanted to tell off in his movie.


Yeah. Yeah. I just thought it was pretentious. Yeah. And I thought it was kind of clumsy in that sense too. Alright. And it was enough that it, it it tainted it. Yeah. That's, and then the ending, I did not like the ending at all. Yeah. At all. That'll ruin a good movie Because it was com it completely went contrary to all the other stuff that he went out of his way to point out Yeah. Was fake or fraudulent or not real. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it is what? Yeah. No, choose one or the other. The director refused to make very important decisions. And I think that that ruined the movie. That Is a very well Thought out Criticism, I think.


Thank You. Thank you very much. Sure. Man, that was the end of listener mail even, wasn't it? Yeah. Because now I'm not like, geez, Josh is weird. He didn't like Birdman. Now I'm like, Josh didn't like Birdman. It's good reasons. Thank you. Thank you. I like justifying my opinions. Don't we all? So If you wanna get in touch with Chuck and I or Jerry, who I apparently just spoiled Birdman for, you can contact us via Twitter at SYSK podcast. You can Join us on facebook.com/ Stuff. You Should Know, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by. And who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.