
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skilled designers. The titanium Apple card is no different. Its laser etched, has no numbers, and it earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple Card on your iPhone in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly, or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and I'd like to welcome you to the Stuff You Should Know. Summer movie Playlist. It's summertime. And we thought, what better way to kick off one of the four greatest seasons of the year with a focus on movies, because what screamed Summer more than a nice darkened, cool air conditioned theater and a great movie playing right in front of you. So we're gonna start the whole thing off with our July, 2010 episode on what's the deal with Bond? James Bond. Hope you enjoy, Welcome to Stuff You Should Know from How Stuff works.com.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. Hi. With me is Charles w Chuck Bryant Bryant. Charles Bryant. How is it going, Chuck? It's an odd way to introduce yourself, don't you think? Not if you're a super spy. Are you a super spy? Actually, I wouldn't say James Bond is even a spy Secret service. Is that a spy really? No, he was an assassin and yeah, just general plot disruptor. I would say He was a blunt instrument of the crown. Yeah. If you wanted the job done and you couldn't, If you didn't have time to worry about, you know, the politics or you know, diplomacy, that kind of thing.


You sent James Bond. Yeah. Get JB on the phone. Oh oh seven. Yeah. He'll, he'll take care of business. Like Elvis. You could call him on his car phone long before any car had a phone. Yeah, right. Oh yeah. He, he was always predating technology. Yeah. As a matter of fact, there's a James Bond theory of entrepreneurial innovation. I believe that In from Russia with Love. 1963, he talked, I can't remember who he talked to, but he was in his car using the phone. Yeah. That was in his car and audiences went nuts for it. Oh Yeah. They were like, oh my God, he's on the telephone. Right. In A car. But that's what they sounded like in England though.


Oh, yeah. Well, sure. Possibly Ghana. Right. So Josh, where do we start here? We can't, we can't not start with Ian Fleming. Ian Fleming. That's where we gotta start. Let's do it. No, that was, there was a colon after that. Oh. Ian Fleming Colon was, as everyone knows, and, and If you didn't, you need to get out from under your rock that you reside in right now. The creator of James Bond. Right. In novels form. He was also originally a journalist and a stockbroker. Yeah. And World War II starts to come around and he joins the Naval Naval Volunteer.


Royal Navy. Royal Navy. And he was actually, Chuck did you know, assigned as a spy himself in Washington DC Yeah. Sort of a spy, you could call it. He, he was in intelligence and he would occasionally have, he was an administrative guy, but sometimes they would send him out to do field work where he would take secret pictures of documents, just like in the movies. Do you know who was assigned to his spy unit? James Bond? Oh, Yeah. No. There was the guy who was the inspiration for James Bond. Yeah. His name was William Stevenson. AKA intrepid. Right?


Yeah. One of many inspirations. Right. But in, in, in an interview in the Times in 1962, Fleming said, you know, James Bond is this romanticized version of a spy Bill Stevenson is the real thing. Right. Well, he didn't say romanticized version of himself To an extent. Sure. Yeah. Another member of that spy ring was a guy named Raw Dahl who wrote James and The Giant Peach and Charlie and The Chocolate Factory. Yeah. And a bunch of body books. Right. He also had the non children's books that were a little rapier. Yes. Not many people know that. So, Chuck, let's talk a little bit more about Ian Fleming. Like give it to us buddy.


Yeah. I mean he, like I said, he was, he sort of James based James Bond on kind of, I think who he wanted to be. He was a Playboy. He was an Island Hopper. An Adventurer. An adventurer, a skier. He, he dove with Jacque CTO and you know, snow skied from the tops of mountains in Switzerland. Right. And had a place in Jamaica where he actually wrote all these books. Right. He, he named the Place Goldeneye and every year he would go to Jamaica and write a book. And I just want to dig him up and throttle him for that because I mean, what a, what a life. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Oh, it's time for me to go to my estate in Jamaica and write a book that's going to just make me millions more.


Yeah. Which he did. And he reportedly picked the name James Bond because he wanted the most boring name he could find for his super secret agent. I think he didn't want the name to compete with the actual character. Like why bother giving him some fancy names? Sure. Just name him James Bond and have him kick butt. Right. You know what the opposite of that is? Heck saw Jim Duggan. Yeah. He should have named him that. Yeah. Well then it would've competed with the character Duggan Hacksaw. Jim Duggan. Right. I could hear that. So yeah, he wrote, see the article says 13 novels. Well, he wrote 13 books.


I got 14. What's The 14th? Well, I've got 12 novels plus two short story collections. Right. For your eyes only. And Octopussy in The Living Daylights was another collection. Right. So it seems like it'd be easier to find this out, but I literally saw two different sets of information. Huh. So are we gonna go with 14? Because you are quite the sniffer. Let's, Let's go with 14 total. Okay. 12 novels. Alright. But he, he wrote, I think he wrote the novels first maybe? Or did he write the short story books? Like in between? Yeah, They were, they were in between. They were toward the end. Okay. But when He was getting Fat and Lazy in Jamaica. Yeah.


Interestingly though, or maybe it's not that interesting, they made the movies way out of order. Yeah, they did. The Dr No was the first film, but that was the sixth novels. Right. But did you know that they originally, the people who made the official Bond movies originally wanted to make Thunderball Thunderball was a story that Ian Fleming came up with, with another guy who, who wanted the rights to make a movie out of it. Oh really? That fell through. But Ian Fleming went ahead and wrote the story anyway that they'd come up with as Thunderball. The guy sued his pants off and actually gained custody, gained the rights to the book Thunderball, look at that, which tied it up and made them opt for Dr.


No to go first. Instead, there Was a lot of litigation over the years in the Bond franchise. Yes. There was, I guess when you have a franchise that long and that vast, there's gonna be people suing people over something. Yes. Well plus it's legendary. He is a legendary character and you know, he's made a lot of money for a lot of people. Absolutely. The other interesting thing I thought just before we move on was that Moonraker was written in 1955. That was the third novels That is insightful. And of course there wasn't a space shuttle like they, they changed the setting and all that stuff, but it did involve like a nuclear weapon. So, you know, kind of odd. And the Man With a Golden Gun, which was the Roger Moore's second film.


Right. Was the final novels and it was released after his death. Huh. So it was way outta Order. And in that one he predicted Herve Viche, which nobody saw coming except Ian Fleming. Yeah, right. Yeah. It's weird. Let's talk about James Bond a little bit. Okay. Chuck, The character James Bond. So it turns out James Bond had a Scottish father, which Yeah, he didn't originally No. That came about 'cause of Sean Connery. Yeah. Ian Fleming was not a big fan of Sean Connery at first. Yeah. At first. And then Sean Connery was like, check this out. And he made one peck go up while the other went down. Yeah. A bunch of times. Yeah. And Ian Fleming just like clapped and squealed and that was that.


Right, right. He was a big fan and he said, you know what, you are James Bond. And he actually went back and changed James Bond's history. Yeah. To kind of match Sean Connery a little bit because he came to see like this guy is Bond, right. Yeah. So he gave James Bond a Scottish father, Andrew and a Swiss mother, Monique de LaCroix And, and Nice. Yeah. And they both died mountain climbing, right? Yes. When Little James was 11 years old and He went to the orphanage And he went to an orphanage. He was supposedly born on November 11th, 1920. But there are different accounts of his birthday and when he was born. And clearly when you have a franchise with Daniel Craig playing him in 2008, he can't be born in 1920.


Yeah. Because bodies, it's sliding. The exhibition wasn't showing in, in Miami in like 1958 or anything. So yeah, there's a sliding scale there, obviously to make it viable. But James, much like his author, namesake, Ian Fleming, not namesake making James Bond, much like the author Ian Fleming was, went to the Royal Navy in World War ii, rose to the rank of Commander. Yes. After the war, that's when he entered the SIS known as MI six. Right. Which is the sixth branch of the military intelligence directorate. You Got that buddy. Right. And his first two assignments, Chuck. Yeah. Were two taps, weren't They? Yeah. Assassinations right off the Bat.


So he, that's apparently you have to kill two people to get a oh oh status, which is the license to kill. And he got 'em, like you say, right off the Bat. Yeah. And he was the seventh dude to get 'em. So that's where oh oh seven comes from. Right. The seventh agent, I shouldn't say dude. 'cause they, they were, were there female agents? Yeah, there were female agents. Okay. I'm pretty sure. Oh, and we should probably take the time here to explain, I like James Bond. I know that you like James Bond movies too. Yeah. Is this the disclaimer? Yeah. We're gonna get killed here. We are not members of James Bond fandom, I would say.


Right. I mean, I've seen all the movies, but no, I haven't studied the books And I've never read any of the books. I don't think I've seen all the movies. Yeah. And, but I do like 'em in a very recreational manner. So that being said, we are not going to get every single thing right here. Right. If we are going to walk right past information Sure. That we just don't know exists. Yeah. So in a very friendly manner, if there is anything that you have to say that can round this podcast out even further, the more we love knowing new things that that's, so please let us know, I guess is what we're saying. Right? Oh, they'll let us know. They will. Except for the like three dudes that just turned it off and went, well, they have no business even attempting this thing.


Right. And then they go give us a one star rating on iTunes. So back to Bond, he, as we all know, is a sharp dresser and he loves fast cars. He loves his martini. Shaken nuts stirred. He loves women. Yeah. And do you know, If you shake a martini instead of stirring it, you pretty much ruin it? I disagree. I shake all my martinis. Dude, How does it ruin it? It feathers it, I think. What does that mean? It means it's screwed up. What Does that mean? I like a good dirty martini myself. Oh, you like 'em dirty. Oh yeah. Gross. Jared just said word. I like my martinis. So light. It's basically just a vodka rock.


So you just like the vermouth bottle just waved near the glass. Pretty much. I like just a little vermouth, little olive juice. But no olive. No olive juice. I'll put in olive. I'll put three olives in usually. Really? Yeah. All right. But then I, I eat 'em so fast that they have no time to taint the martini. Well that's Why you're not a super spy. No. So Josh James Bond, a couple of the other traits we should just mention. He is a a martial artist. He's a gifted man with his fist and feet. Or if you're Roger Moore, a karate chop. Yeah. He loved the Karate chop. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was a big deal in the seventies. And he carried a, famously carried a Walter PPK handgun.


32 caliber. Yeah. And that's a little guy. Have you ever seen him? Oh yeah. They're small. And I've played Goldeneye and I've played Best Game ever. I guess I just played Goldeneye. It is a great game. Yeah. And you know, they're bringing that back for we, I've Heard Matt Frederick of coolest stuff on the planet told us that they are bringing that back because it's still sort of the standard for first person shooters, like 15 years on. Yeah. It's still a great game. So they're bringing it back as is. Like completely as it was, but with better graphics. That's Gonna be fantastic For the we. Yeah. Pretty exciting. Back to the real life. Yes. Of the fake life of James Bond. That's what we should have titled this podcast.


The Real Life of The Fake Life. Yeah.


The Best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watsonx with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM. Let's create This.


July 4th. Celebrate Freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, everybody Summer's here and we're all chasing something. A break, a goal, a vibe. Well, whatever it is, let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course, because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running Baba's. Running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool. And they fight blisters and such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear. That feels barely There. Yeah. And I know we're both fans of those No CM Socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/ SYSK and use code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ SYSK. Code SYSK at checkout.


How about, let's talk about some of the enemies. Dr. No, he was the first one to appear in the films. Dr. Julius No. Right? He's an atomic scientist. Yeah. He, he was clearly Joseph Wiseman played him and he was a great, great villain. Goldfinger, you can't talk about Bond without talking about Goldfinger. Yeah, he was Eh? You don't like him? No, Not really. I was a big Goldfinger guy. Were you? He tried to laser the crotch of James Bond. Oh yeah, that's Right. Pretty hardcore. Yeah. It's like Max Scorpio in, in that Simpsons where Oh yeah. Homer ends up going to work for the super villain, right? Yeah. He's like, no, Mr. Bond, I expect you to die and be a very cheap funeral.


Odd job was one of my favorite. And he was one of Goldman's henchmen the big, I loved him too. Yeah. Asian guy with the bowler hat that he could cut like the head off a statue. Yeah. With his hat. He was huge. Yeah. Very big dude. Yeah. Jaws, we grew up with Roger Moore, so he can't not talk about Jaws. No, He was great too. He was in two of 'em, right? He was in Moonraker and the Spy who loved me. I Thought he might have been more than that, but he, he definitely, no, I looked it up. He was only in two. Two. Really? God, he made quite an impression. Yeah, he did. He found the girlfriend in in Moonraker, I think, right? Yeah. He falls in love or Something. Yeah. The little like nerdy girl. Yeah. And then he pops up again in Happy Gilmore. Was he in that? Yeah. I didn't see that. Yeah, he was happy Gilmore's boss, like on the construction site and he ends up becoming a fan and Wow.


Did he have the teeth? No, he didn't have the teeth. It's just For the movie. But he was a big guy. Yes. Lately we've had more recent villains that I don't think the new villains compare personally. No. They kinda come and go, you know, there's like in Casino Royale. Yeah. I mean they're okay, but they're all, can't Even tell you who the villain was. Yeah. The the like they're all decent, but they're not like iconic characters like they used to be. Right? Like Blofeld. Yeah. Well Blofeld was the sort of legendary, I don't know how many movies he was in, but he was played by like Telesis Telesis, Donald Pleasant. Yeah. Donald Pleasant was my favorite version. Yeah, he was good. And Max Van played him, I think in, did he never say never again?


Maybe Nice. Max Vci do. He's a class act. Yeah. I was, what did I watch the other day? Oh, shutter Island. He's in that. And I told, I leaned over to Emily, I was like, you know, I wanna see Max Vanita play like a kindly grandfather in a movie. I don't think he can hold it up. Anytime that dude pops up in the movie, you're like, oh, well he's the evil doer. Right? He's the villain or So you think until Shutter Island falls apart at the end, Don't ruin it. Yeah. So it ruined itself. Yes. That was Blofeld. He was the bald guy and he was the head of Specter, which was the special executive for Counterintelligence Terrorism, revenge and Extortion. Right. It's a great villainist title there. Which That's not only like a great name.


Yeah. It's your mission statement. Yeah. You Know, all wrapped up into one, One of my favorites, Mac Zorin played by the great Christopher Walken. He was a, he was the dude You killed. I know You'd love that movie is one of the best bomb movies ever. But that Had the worst bond woman ever. Grace Jones? No, Tonya Roberts. I don't remember her. She Was the Bond girl. I don't remember. She Was the lady from the seventies show. That was like one of the late Charlie's Angels replacements. Tanya Roberts. Yeah. Yeah. Who cares? It was the eighties. Nobody was paying that much attention. But It was a good song. It Was. And Christopher Walken was in it. Grace Jones was in it. She was pretty scary in that. Yeah, she was excellent.


Talk about a martial artist. But Mac Zorin is, did you know he was the product of genetic experiments by Nazis? Walking was, Well not walking Zorin. Well, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't Remember that. Yeah. And one of the unintended side effects was he was a complete psychopath. I thought you were gonna say one of the side effects was his use of punctuation. You Are good man. Everybody does walking. I can't do it walking. Let's hear it. My No, it's really just an altered John Travolta. Why are you so weird? Dude, that's great.


Thanks. Of course. Chuck. There's oh oh six Alec Trein. Yeah. Yeah. What was he in? That was one of the Pierce Broin ones, wasn't it? Yeah, I think. Yeah. Which I don't remember those. I love Pierce Broin. Like, oh, he was good. The fact that like he wasn't James Bond earlier. He's like, oh yeah, you're gonna cast Timothy Dalton. Are you? Well I'll go beat Remington Steele jerks. Yeah. And all my time. And they Tried to get him again, right? I think so. And he was committed to Remington Steel. Yeah. Which was sort of like James Bond for tv. Oh, so did he do Remington Steel first? Oh yeah, he did Remington Steel. Well it goes back and forth. There was like Timothy Dalton was offered the role before Roger Moore.


Did you know that? No, I didn't. When he was 21 years old. Really? He was gonna replace Sean Connery. Wow. And Dalton said, I'm too young to play James Bond. And then he comes around years later. Wow. Just like Tim. Just like Brosnan did. Okay. But I am glad that Pierce Brosnan went in. I just happened to think that those, his period of movies were unfortunate. I Thought they Were pretty good. I didn't like 'em. No, I'm really happy with Daniel Craig's stuff so far. Well, you know, my statement on that is that was the only direction they could take that franchise after the Jason Bourne movies. You couldn't have a guy like winking at the camera like Roger Moore and like slapstick sounds and sound effects.


You had to take him in like a real bad, bad direction. Yes. And you mean like seem high a bad? Yeah. So oh oh six Alec Trein. He is, I think he informs the character Alex Kreek from X-Files. You think so? Huh? Very nice Josh. Thanks. Alright, so those are some of the villains. Clearly not all, but we should also talk about some of the people that James Bond had working on his side at I six. Alright. Which we will call from here on out. The superfluous characters. No, dude, they're great. MQ, yeah.


M was the head of MI six and there were several. M's. M was just a title and M was the one that's always frustrated with Bond, yet he knows that he's the blunt instrument of choice. Know pretty much in every movie. Right? QI, You should say he or she for M huh? True. Dame Judy Dench took over. Yeah. Oh man, she's doing a great job too. Q is the head of the Q branch. Judy Dench. Did you hear that? Chuck just said you were doing a great job. So keep it up. Keep it up. Dane, Judy Dench, Dame Dane. Dame Dame. Yeah. She's a Dame Q is the head of the Q branch. MI six's Research and Development branch. And Q as you might know, is the guy who in all the films gives James his gadgets.


There's always that great scene where James goes into the laboratory and starts messing around with the gadgets and Exasperates Q because he's burning something or he is firing a missile inside and he shouldn't be. That's Q, right? And he's now been replaced by his former assistant. R Right now is R John Cleese. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing a good job. But He's the new Q, he just used to be R Well, 'cause Q died, right? Lou Allen. Yes. Chuck. That was the actor that played the original Q, is that right? Or the, the Roger Moore Q that I loved. Right. Who else we got Felix Light. Who I like. Jack Lord. Jeffrey Wright both played him.


Oh yeah. CIA agent. And then there's another guy named Hayward Wade. Well, was he CIA? Yeah. I thought they said they didn't know if he was DEA or CIA. He was around before the DEA was. Was he? Yeah. All right. And then you've got, I think Jack Wade is his name. And he was actually played by a couple people, including Joe Dom Baker. Oh yeah. In the Pierce Brosnan ones. Yeah. Yeah. He had a couple of American counterparts. That's a good point. And little known fact. Joe do, baker was in, I can't remember the name of the movie, but it was one of the greatest mystery science theater, three thousands. Oh really? Yeah. Bad movie.


And then of course we have to mention Money. Penny. Who was em's? Personal assistant and Money. Penny. You always knew Money Penny. 'cause James would come in and flirt very much with her. And I always got the sense that if James were to ever settle down with anyone, which he clearly won't, it would've been money Penny. Sure. Or at least he made her think that. Right. Every day was secretary's day when James Bond was around. He was always just so nice to her and bringing her things from his travels. Shot glasses and stuff. Right. Spoons. She had an extensive spoon. Collection. Refrigerator, magnets. Chuck, Josh, let's talk about the movie. Shall we? Yeah, Sure. Well, let's talk about James Bond on screen. 'cause it wasn't necessarily just relegated to the movies.


Oh yeah, good point. So James Bond first appears on screen on the small screen on a CBS TV series called Climax With an exclamation point. Really? Yeah. Wow. And he was first played by a guy named Barry Nelson. And Barry Nelson, you may recognize as Mr. Ulman, the manager of the Overlook in Kubrick's The Shining, who tells Jack Torrence the Ropes. Really? That's the first guy to ever play James Bond. Wow. Yeah. Was he English? No. American. Yeah. CBS TV series. So we've had a Scotsman, quite a few Englishmen. An American and an Australian. And what? What do you mean Australian?


I mean someone from Australia. Oh, that was George Lazenby who was Australian. Was it, you know, what happened to him? Well, he wasn't much of an actor. Well it wasn't just that he, after the success of his Bond movie, I mean, he played James Bond and it was, you know, filmed and and produced and released On her Majesty Secret Service. Right. Was the movie. He was like, holy cow, I'm James Bond and I'm going to buy a boat and sail around the world for a while. And he came back and his star had already faded. 'cause he did one thing and that was that. Oh really? Yeah. Oh, he kind of blew it. He wasn't much of an actor either. It wasn't, but it wasn't just that. It was, yeah, it was a combination of those two things. He was A bad dude though. Like he, he got the role apparently because he impressed Ian Fleming.


'cause he had a foe fight scene with a wrestler to, for his audition. And he actually punched the guy. Wow. Like got mad and punched him and Fleming's like, this is our dude. Wow. Yeah, because Fleming wrote The Bond character is much darker. Yeah. The, the novels character for sure. Like Roger Moore took it in a very Awful direction, Specific direction. You know, that was not the least bit like how Ian Fleming had written them. You're The ultimate Roger Moore apologist. I Love Roger Moore. He's good in the Saint. And that's why he got the, the role, I think. Okay. The TV show, the Saint. Sure. That's a good one. All right. So Chuck, let's get back to the beginning again. So we talked about Barry Nelson and on the big screen, the first bond ever was Sean Connery, right?


Yeah. In Dr. Nelson. Well they did, they did a pilot though on TV as well. That's the Barry Nelson one. Oh, it was called Casino Royale though. No. Right. It was based on Casino Royale. Oh, For gotcha. Climax. Okay. I understand that. Which I think, you know how they used to do, like, they would, they would have the name of the series, but then there there'd be like different, like, like Wonderful World of Disney. Yeah. It was like the name of the series, but then there were different like documentaries or cartoons or whatever. Okay. I think it was like That. And that flopped and it got into, They didn't know what they were doing with TV back in the Day. They had no idea. Yeah. So yeah, you're right. Dr. No was the first film in 1962 and there's been 22 in total. No. Yes. And we're waiting. And that's official Bond films.


'cause they pared him and other things. Woody Allen played them for heaven's sake. Yeah. Yeah. In in the parody he did of Casino Royale. Yeah. There's also a, an unofficial bond film with an official bond. Right. Let's Hear it. Never say never again. Yeah. That was Connery's that was also fraught with the lawsuits as Well. You know, that was based on the Thunderball lawsuit. Yeah. They they remade Thunderball. Right. And they named it Never Say Never Again. Because Connery had said Yeah, after 1971 that he'd never played Bond again. Yeah. Because he played Bond what, for the first like six movies, something like that.


1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And then George Lazenby, then he came back and did Diamonds or Forever. And then after that came Roger Moore. Yes. And then Roger Moore had a pretty good run. He did. So, so Sean Connery stops playing Bond. George Lazenby comes along, does it Once leaves Sean Connery has to come back. Another time after Sean Connery. They get Roger Moore in the midst of Roger Moore's run. Yeah. Sean Connery makes another bond film. That's when we were kids too. 12 years after the last one he'd made. Yeah. Right. And yeah, Kim Basinger was the bond chick in that one. Yes she was. And they called it Never Say never again because he'd said that he would never play Bond again.


Never Trebek. Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting resources, unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM Let's create


This July 4th. Celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank. Na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


That's what he said, right? Timothy Dalton. I guess we might as well venture into his years. Yeah, I I, I saw those when they first came out, like in the theaters and I didn't think anything of 'em. I don't know if they were over my head or whatever, but I didn't like 'em. They Were pretty good living daylights and licensed to kill. They were both. Are They good? Really? Yeah. I mean they were, it was definitely a more novelistic bond. Like he was darker and a little more bad dude. And that, I mean, it might have had something to do with it that was coming off the heels of Roger Moore and his vaudeville act that he brought to Bond. And Dalton had a two picture run and then was replaced by who everyone thought should have been Bond before Dalton Pierce Brosnan for 1, 2, 3, 4 films.


Right. And then they went the inevitable direction with a blonde bond with Daniel Craig. Is that inevitable you think? Well, I meant the inevitable way of making him a a tough dude. But yeah, the, his blindness was not inevitable. You know, you make fun of Roger Moore, but he had a seven picture stint as James Bond. Yeah. I mean, and that was our childhood. Yeah. Trust me dude. At the time I loved it. But then when I got older, I revisited all of the Sean Connery's and then I saw the butt kicking this of Timothy Dalton and now Daniel Craig. And now I'm kinda like Roger Moore was kind of a joke, huh? To me. No, you still stand by it. I Do. All right. I like Roger Moore. Sam Neil was considered at one point.


I could see him as James Bond. Yeah. He Would've been Bad. He was great and dead calm. Yeah. That was a good movie. You know, I don't know that this even qualifies as a podcast. Podcast. Podcast. People are gonna be like, ah, you guys are just kind of chit chatting. Chuck. There's also theories. Tons of 'em. Best one actually, the only one I could find really is the code name theories. Have you heard this? I Have not Cracked. Got a lot of publicity for it by, it's a fan theory that basically says James Bond is a, it's a name that goes along with oh oh seven. And there's, each actor was playing an actual different person who had assumed this undercover name James Bond.


Really? Which explains the changes in personality. Yeah. It, it explains why Sean Connery was so suave and Roger Moore was so goofy. Sure. It explains why Daniel Craig and Timothy Dalton were so violent. Right. Right. It explains a lot of stuff. Actually explains George Lazenbys departure because his wife, the only time James Bond has ever been married died in that one on her, on her Her Majesty Secret service. Yeah. He had a wife. Most people don't know that. And she was killed by Blofeld, right? Yeah. So he leaves after that. That explains that. Right? Absolutely. There's actually holes in that theory. Do you know them? I know a couple, like for example, George Lazenby recognized gadgets that were debuted during Sean Connery's tenure.


Oh right. If he was a new person, he would, it would be new to him. He'd Be like, what's his dart gun? Right. Exactly. Right. And I think the Spy Who Loved me, Roger Moore is recognized from his college days at, at Cambridge as James Bond. Oh yeah. Which Would mean that he was using the name before then. But it's still a pretty cool theory. If you want any cool theory shot down, I recommend you go to commander bond.net. MI six.co.uk or James Bond wiki.com. Those are some good sites. I'm gonna retract my Roger Moore bashing a little bit. Okay. I actually liked like four outta seven of his films.


Okay. See, So you're right. I I sometimes I forget about the awesomeness of Live and Let Die and Man With a Golden Gun for your Eyes only. Those were all pretty good. It was like Octopussy Moonraker was really silly. Does not age well at all. And you do a kill. I just can't get behind that one. If you Do a kill is awesome. What about The Spy Who Loved Me? That's the one with the underwater Lotus Sun. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Great movie. And I have one last fact. Are you ready? Oh yeah. The legendary bond producer, co-producer Albert Cubby Broccoli. Yeah. His family invented broccoli. They crossed cauliflower with rabe and invented broccoli and he actually left the family farm to go to Hollywood to pursue his fortune when he was like 18.


Are you making this up? I am not. He invented Broccoli. His family did his like parents, grandparents. That's a pretty good fact. Broccoli. Very cool. Good for him. They're in trouble now though. 'cause MGM is in trouble. Yeah. But they're saying like it's just a blip on the radar. If you listen to any, anybody who's attached to the bond 23. Oh it'll happen at some point. But it's being, They're like, this is fine. Yeah. It's being delayed big time though because MGMs and, and over their heads financially. If you Know anything about MGM, if you're an insider, MGM, we want to hear from you. Let us know what's going on with Bond. That's funny. We should, we gotta talk about Bond girls. That's one of the hallmarks of Bond films. And usually there's two Bond girls, at least there's like a hot villain and like a hot an aid that helps out in some way.


Right. Sometimes she turns out to be a villain, but there's usually two Bond girls and he's equally attracted to both Like Grace Jones. Yeah. He was attracted to her for some reason. They're fem fatales. Like I said, bond cannot help but fall for them even though they, it might mean he has to eventually kill them after he makes sweet love to them. Right. And I'm gonna go ahead and ask you what your favorite Bond girl is. I just recently realized that Carrie Lowell was a Bond girl. Yeah. And I used to have the biggest crush on her when I would watch Wild Orchid No.


Law and Order reruns on a and E. Yeah. They used to show like Law and order for like eight hour blocks on A and e and I'd be like, I'm not going to class today. I'm just gonna watch Law and Order. And she was on a lot of 'em and she, yeah, she was be my favorite Bond girl. I'm going with Ursula Andres. Yeah. She was hot dude back in the day. She played Honey Rider. And that's another hallmark of the Bond women is they usually had really awful names that hinted at sexual innuendo. Yeah. You know, plenty O'Toole, Honey Rider Pussy Galore. Actually Solitaire Jane Seymour, she was pretty good in Live and Let Die like that. She was actually a really good actor.


Okay. Moon Raker of course had a Holly Goodhead and A View To A Kill had Tonya Roberts as Stacey Sutton. They didn't even give her a cool name. So Chuck, what's the best Bond theme song? Well, Let me take a wild guess. I, I'm gonna say Live and Let Die is probably my favorite because You know, I love would the, I would put a thousand dollars on that Or what's her name? Carly Simon Spy Who Love Me. Nobody does it better. Love that song. Dude. Best Bond theme song. If it's not During You to a Kill. Oh, okay.


If it's not that, it is Nancy Sinatra singing. You Only Live Twice. Yeah. That was awesome. Yes, it was Shirley Bassey. Just another little factoid. She did two. No, she did more than that. She did Goldfinger, she did Diamonds for Forever. She did two Moonraker Moon RAV. That's that's three total. I was also a big fan of Sheena Easton's For Your Eyes Only. Yeah, She did a good one. And Rita Coolidge All time High for Octa Pussy. Didn't Tom Jones do Thunderball or something? He Did, yeah, he did Thunderball quote a guy. And since we're talking about the songs that that have really gotten lame in recent years, like the Chris Cornell one and Garbage, you probably didn't even remember they did songs.


Garbage did The One for World Is Not Enough. Oh, okay. Pierce Brosnan. Yeah. And Cheryl Crow did one. Did she really? Yeah. Well it is lame. And Madonna did one and and now it's gotten to the point where they're just like, like the last one they put Jack White with Alicia Keys. It's Awful. Up next is Miley Cyrus. Oh God. Say it Ain't So Bond 23. What else do we have here? This is the podcast that won't die. No, I do have that. It's like James Bond. It just goes on. I do have a couple more facts. Okay, Well first of all, before we move on, if we're gonna talk about the songs, we need to talk about the opening sequences, the title sequences when you're a Young Baptist boy and there are naked silhouetted women jumping on trampolines.


Yeah. It's Very titillating And arousing And arousing for a young boy named Chuck. I'm Titillated and aroused. And then the opening sequence of the films typically is some awesome action scene. And then the title sequence comes up. There'll be like a seven minute action scene. Right. They call that a cold opening buddy. A cold opening. Yeah. That's very nice. And just got a couple of more facts for you Josh, and then I'll let you put this to bed. All right. With, what would you say is the highest grossing bond film of all time? Adjusted Gross. Adjusted gross. I would say Casino Royale. No. Top two all time. Thunderball and Goldfinger. You're a liar.


Adjusted gross. You know, casino Royale worldwide knitted like Almo almost $600 million so far. Bunch of money. Thunderball and Goldfinger did more. Did they really? Yeah. Thunderball and 1965, dude grossed $141 million. What? And That Wait, is that worldwide or us? That's worldwide. Okay. And that is close to what? Licensed to Kilt. Grossed in 1989. Yeah, that grossed like 150 something and Thunderball, you know, 30 years more grossed. 141 million. Right, but what I'm saying is Casino Royale grossed 600 million.


Well, I mean, yeah, that's not an adjusted gross though. You can't compare 1965. Oh, I see. Figure your inflation in. Yeah, That's why it's called an adjusted gross. And That's about it. I mean we could say the cars he used real quickly, the Aston Martin. Obviously My favorite is the Lotus. The Lotus, the Alpha Romeo, and then that new Audi. That's pretty cool. Do you like the Audi? Yeah, I mean it looks awesome. Okay. But I do miss the Lotus and the fact that it could also be a submarine. Right. And lastly, Chuck, I would like to say to all the kids of our generation, If you ever noticed a similarity between Inspector Gadget and James Bond, you are dead on. Yeah. You think so?


Yeah. Alright, so that's about it. If you wanna know more about James Bond, like I said, there are three, at least three really good websites for all things Bond fandom. You can check out our website by taping James Bond. Brings up a bunch of stuff in the handy search bar. And now If you can believe it, it is time for listener mail. Yes, Josh, I'm gonna call this Samurai stuff from Thomas guys. I'm a total samurai geek. I practiced Japanese sword base, martial arts, kendo and a yado. I've read all this material about Samurai and your podcast was a very good introduction and I thank you for it.


However, I'm kind of surprised you did not mention the greatest Samurai of all time. Mia Moto Moi. This guy was the epitome of everything. Samurai were supposed to be a dedicated soy, soy, a poet, a painter, a calligrapher philosopher, a general, and an all round. But kicking killer. Not only did he write the book of five rings, he also killed 60 men in single combat before age 40. Not to mention all the guys he killed in warfare. At one point in your podcast you talked about the wooden katana called Boong in Japanese. Yes, it was a practice sword, Josh, but it was also a weapon in its own right because Japan is such a wet climate. Swords were sometimes destroyed by rust.


Boken were cheap and easy to replace. And Mui was famous for winning some of his greatest battles with the wooden sword. Ow. I know. Can you imagine, dude? Ow. Yeah. Getting Smacked to death. Well, he says instead of cutting someone's heads off, he would brain them, which I guess means Like you crack their skull. Yeah. Until their brains come out. Also, he was a big fan of using two swords at one time. Sometimes two katana, sometimes the short and the long, whatever it took to do the job. You guys rock. I love your show. I'm grateful for the Samurai show from Thomas. Well, thank you Thomas, for the extra information. As I said, we are always interested in knowing everything we possibly can about a subject.


So If you have anything to tell us about James Bond that we missed, that we got wrong, that we need to know, we want to hear it. Wrap it up and send it in an email. Don't forget to spank it on the bottom and maybe serve it a dry martini, shaken not stirred. Address it too stuff. podcast@howstuffworks.com. For more on this and thousands of other topics, visit howt stuff works.com. Want more Howt stuff works? Check out our blogs on the howt stuff works.com homepage.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.