
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey everybody. Chuck here for another summer movie Playlist Feed Drop. Today we're gonna be covering how the MPAA works, and this is from June, 2014 and it delves into the ins and outs of the NPAA and how they decide on rating movies 'cause it's sort of a dark art as far as we're concerned. So check it out. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know From How stuff works.com. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant and Jerry. But where's Waldo? I I Right over there apparently.


Man, I wish people could hear the in-between stuff. I think Jerry was recording that last one. Oh yeah, I Think so. She used to give us neat little outtakes, but she doesn't do that anymore. No, those days are long gone. They exist in the vault though. How you doing? Not good. No, no. I don't know what's wrong with me. I am off today Outta your game. Yeah. It's weird. Well, I think this is the perfect podcast to set you straight. Why? Because It's something that we both have some passion about against. Yeah. I think anybody who's seen the documentary, this film is not yet rated. Yeah.


That would be very difficult to not be persuaded to feel strongly about the MPAA in its practices. Yeah. And at least how they do things. But we're gonna try to be objective. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and say upfront, I have no problem with rating a film's content so parents can decide whether or not it's appropriate. I think it's valuable, but I think there are ways to do it that I don't think the MPAA does. Yes. So how, how, I just wanted to float that early on. Okay. I think that was probably smart. Okay. Okay. I don't have kids so I don't really, whatever, but I mean, I can understand the value of that kind of thing.


Yeah. But it gives you an idea. Like, I like having an idea what I'm about to see too. I feel Like I can tell just from watching a trailer a preview, seeing a movie poster, I'm pretty, I'm pretty intuitive when it comes to the, the marketing techniques of movies. Yeah. But I think like being a film nerd, it's like, is the new, is the new Avengers movie gonna be rated R that really tells you something? Right. Of course it won't be. No, it never would be. Because PG 13 is the, the, that's the strike zone these days. It really is. Apparently PG 13 movies pull in more money than all other ratings combined.


Yeah. And it's a relatively new phenomenon. You want to talk about its origin? Yeah. Let's do it. So back in 1984, a man named Steven Spielberg had two movies out. Who? Steven Spielberg. Right. He directed one Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. And he produced another gremlins. Yeah. And both of them caught, he caught a lot of heat from both of them. Sure. Indiana Jones for the heart removal scene specifically. Yeah. But also the snake, the live snake at the feast thing. Yeah. Yeah. All the snake babies, the eyeballs, all that stuff. Yeah. And then with Gremlins, it was just downright terrifying in a lot of different places, especially if you're a kid.


And the reason he caught heat was because both of those movies were rated pg. Yeah. And so Spielberg went to the MPAA, the Motion Picture Association of America and said, well let's do something about this. 'cause these clearly aren't are movies. Yeah. But they apparently aren't PG movies either, so maybe we should come up with something in between. And PG 13 was born. Yeah. And this was before he had all the sway in the world. He was influential, but it wasn't like Spielberg today who could have just waved his wand and made it happen. Yeah. But I think even at the time He was important. He Yeah.


There were very few directors at that time Yeah. Who could have gotten something like that done. Yeah. Too. But so that's where PG 13 came from. And that, like you said, that's the strike zone now. And the reason why is because that is the kind of movie that caters to young teenage boys who apparently are the most successful at getting girls to go to movies with them. Right. Yeah. So If you can get a, a movie rated PG 13 Yeah. You're going to make a bunch of money. Yeah. Plus it makes sense. It's right there in the middle. Yeah. You know, but the Problem is, is it's become a means of almost advertising that rating rather than cautioning parents.


It's a way of attracting the audience. Yeah. True. It's like, this isn't some kid's PG movie. This is as close to an R movie as you can get in. Yeah. And I think filmmakers try to achieve that rating by either scaling back their r-rated movie or juicing up their PG movie Or adding more violence. Yeah. Because apparently PG 13 movies are, have tripled in violence over the last like few decades. Yeah. And they now have, according to one study, more violence than their R rated counterparts. Yeah. And different kinds of violence that you didn't use to see. Yeah.


You know? Alright. I guess we should go back in time a little bit. Let's, is it way back machine? Sure. Let's go, let's go way back in time in Hollywood. All right. It's 1922. Hollywood and Vine is a, a viable intersection in Hollywood at the time, unlike now. Although people are gonna say no, they built that area back up. Yeah. And that is when the NPA was born in the early 1920s. Yeah. And at the time it was up to local authorities, or your state or your municipality to either stamp something as moral or immoral.


There were no ratings on movies. And thanks to a guy named Will Hayes, who was the first president of the MPA, he installed the Hayes code and said, you're either gonna pass or fail. It's either gonna be stamped demo, or moral. Right. And the reason will Hayes, who was the MPAA president, came up with the Hayes code, which was really extensive. Yeah. It was like, If you, If you talk about the government, it always has to be good. Yeah. Sexuality has to be like repressed and just basically, and hetero how you think about all movies from like the thirties and forties just Yeah. Squeaky clean basically. Sure. Like the, the division between good and evil is very clearly defined.


And the good guy always wins. And If you didn't fall into that haze code, like you said, your movie would be stamped, immoral. But the whole reason he came up with this code was because local municipalities could pass their own obscenity laws, and that could be bad for business. So as in not even get your film exhibited. Right. So remember in the A CLU episode where we were talking about that one, that one movie that New York, just the, the Catholics said, no, you can't show that here. And the ACL went to work getting, getting the Catholics beaten in court. Right. Even though it was just a bad movie. It had nothing to do with Well, I mean it did, but it shouldn't have been shown.


'cause it was so terrible. Was it bad? I I don't Remember. Yeah. I mean, it was supposed to be not very good. Okay. But it happened, like that kind of thing happened a lot. Yeah. Like local, local towns said, no, we're not gonna show that movie. So Hayes figured out if if Hollywood policed itself, then they could control what, you know, what movies came out and therefore everybody could make a bunch of money. That's right. And that's the point of the MPAA, they're the lobbying arm of six major Hollywood studios. Yeah. They're, they're, They work for them. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's one way to say it. But they, and it's just those six too, isn't it? Well, yeah, I mean, you, there's definitely an argument these days that independent filmmakers have a much rougher time with the NPAA.


Yeah. But most of the indies too are eventually distributed by the majors. Anyway. I gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Okay. So flash forward a bit. In our way back machine to the 1950s, things changed a little bit after World War II and people, I guess the easiest way to say it is people loosened up a little bit and didn't mind certain elements in their entertainment any longer. Yes. A big example of this article uses Frank Sinatra got an Oscar nomination for playing a heroin addict and the Man with a Golden Arm. And that couldn't have happened in the 1940s. No. Millions of people hadn't died in World War II yet. That's right. I imagine that kinda loosens you up as far as the seeing curse words and stuff in movies goes.


Yeah. Like that's not a big deal. Like World War II is a big deal. Right. Get your haunches down. Exactly. Yeah. That was the, that was the big one. The big first crack to the Haze code. Yeah. And then there were, I think that you said he won an Oscar, right? Yeah. It was a really good movie that Kind of opened the floodgate so that by the end of the fifties you got some, like at Hot and Tony Curtis and Jack Lemon are dressed like women hitting on Marilyn Monroe. Yeah. And at that point, it was pretty obvious the haze code was dead. Yeah. I mean, they weren't passing the code, but they were still getting released. So once something is subverted like that, it's, it's dead in the water. Right. So there was a, that was fine for a little while.


I think the Hayes code just kind of fell to the wayside and people were releasing movies without any kind of moral or immoral stamp. But the rating system as we understand it today, hadn't come about yet. Yeah. So it was kind of a limbo period until 1968, and a store owner in New York with the last name of Ginsburg got busted for selling Nudie mags to 16-year-old boys. And he took it all the way to the Supreme Court Yeah. Saying, you can't, you can't say anything about this. There's federal laws about obscenity, not local laws. And the Supreme Court said, you know what? We really think it's up to local municipalities to decide what they want their minors exposed to or not.


Yeah. That got Hollywood's attention because all of a sudden, local municipalities could decide whether or not they wanted to show movies to minors or not. So the, what was old became new again, and Jack Valenti, who was in charge of the MPAA said, we need another system of self, another self-policing system. And he came up with the rating system that, that we have today. Yeah. And he, I mean, Jack Valenti was the head of the NPA for close to 40 years. And he initially, the intention was to stop censorship because he feared that the movies were gonna start being censored locally. And so I think the, the origins of the NPAs rating system were were art centered.


Art centered, but also money centered. Because again, If you have, If you have town A showing the movie, but towns B through L deciding that the movie is obscene and not showing it, then you're losing that money and B through L. So what Valenti came up with was this idea that let us tell you what is appropriate for miners or not, what movie is, and we'll just make a simple rating system. Yeah. GPGR or X, The old X, yeah. And triple X, which wasn't even formally a rating, it was just a Marketing tool. Yeah. Yeah. Because three Xs, that's like, whoa, I wonder if anybody ever came out with one with four Xs.


Yeah. Or double X even. Yeah. Like, yeah, we cut out that one part so we can take X. Yeah. Christian, our colleague here wrote a great blog post about the, the former X-rated movie. Is that right? Yeah. We'll have to check that out. Yeah. It's good for on brain stuff, for stuff of genius On the brain stuff blog earlier this year. And you actually recommended it on your blog, The X rating. Yeah. The the best regret This week, remember? Yeah. I remember recommending one of his things. I just don't remember that one. It was Good. I thought about asking 'em in here, but then I thought, nah, we got it. Nice. So yeah, back then it was G through X and well, we'll talk about, you know, how that changed maybe after this message break.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant, and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here, go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


All right, so no longer do we have X-rated movies. Now we have something. I guess we should just go through what these ratings mean today in 2014. Okay. So you've got your G G's always been g general audience. Anyone can see it. Yes. And that's your, your family cartoon that kids love and parents are forced to go to. Right. Then you've got pg, that means no drug use. Maybe a little violence because as we'll learn, the MPA has less problems with violence and more problems with language and sex. Huge criticism, Huge criticism. PG 13, which we've, you know, kind of been through.


Then you've got your R and that is no one under seven. This is a suggestion that no one over 17 be admitted without a parent. And these aren't laws though. That's one thing that's important to point out. Those are suggestions. And then theaters have policies. Yes. It's, and let, let's kind of dig into that. So none of this is legally binding? No. None of them are anything more than recommendations. They're basically saying that this movie has X amount of profanity or Yeah. X amount of nudity or lacks any drug use or something like that. Sure. And so for what the MPAA thinks the average moral compass of the average American thinks about these different things like sex, drugs, nudity, all that stuff.


This movie falls into this rating. Right. And again, it's not enforceable. You don't even need to have a rating to release a movie. But If you want to get your movie in theaters, there's basically no theater chain out there right now. No major theater chain out there right now that will show an unrated movie. Yeah. It's a completely voluntary system to submit your film to the MPA ratings board. But it's defacto, But you have to do it. Yeah, That's the rub. Yeah. Is that they say it's voluntary, but you actually have to pay a fee to submit your movie If you ever want to have it shown in theaters. Right. And the fee is anywhere from like $25,000 for a big budget movie to $750 for a short.


Yeah. And so you're, you submit your movie. Well, we'll get into it in a second. Let's talk some more about the rest of the ratings. Yeah. Well there's only one more. And that's NC 17, which replaced X and that means this was in 1990. And that basically means that it's for adults only and you should not come in if you're under 18. Right. And also means these days that it's foreign or about lesbian or gays, basically. Yeah. Not fully, but sure. It's pretty close. Yeah. And NC 17, the first movie to come out with that was Henry and June. Yeah. Not to be confused with Benny and June. And it basically sunk that movie because everybody was like, oh, this is X now.


Right. NC 17, If you jumble it all together, it looks like X. And the whole reason they came out with NC 17 was to replace X because X was associated exclusively with pornography in the minds of moviegoers. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Alright, so let's get into this. The, the actual ratings board, there's the MPAA and then working for the MPA is the classification and ratings administration. Cara and Cara doesn't say whether your movie stinks or not. Cara is eight to 13 people and they're called Raiders. And they are overseen by Senior Raider and they sit down and watch these movies and take copious notes on what they think based on their standards is, I don't wanna say offensive, but just noteworthy.


Right. Like maybe they're not offended, but they think the average mom and Sheboygan might be offended. Right. Supposedly. Which is a kind of a thing because the whole rating system, as you just kind of pointed out, is subjective. Totally subjective. They supposedly, here, here's the other rub is it's all secret. Right? You, you can find out a federal judge's name and address, but you can't find out who a Raider is for your films. It's all conducted in private. None of this stuff is released. Yep. And that's one of the big rubs in that documentary and with filmmakers in general is it's all, you know, done behind closed doors.


There's never any explanations provided. These people are supposed to have kids between ages of five and 17, but many of them do not. Right. Either have kids at all or have kids that are older than 18. It basically frees them up from any accountability to do this all in private and in secrecy. And until that movie by Kirby, what is Kirby's last name? Henry and June? No, no, the, the documentary. Oh. Oh Yeah. This film is not yet rated. Yeah. When, until Kirby Dicks this film is not yet rated came out. Like all of this stuff was just conjecture, conjecture in Hollywood legend.


Yeah. He was the first one to really, basically he tailed these people Tailed them to lunch. Yeah. To find out who they were and eavesdrop on them. Yeah. And like did some digging and found like these anonymous people did not fall into the requirements that the MPAA said they did. And so not only was it in secret, it was it was fraudulent, basically. Yeah. This rating system. So according to the standards, you submit your film, this group of people, this anonymous group of people watch it, they rate it, then they come together and vote on a rating, and then they pass their, their vote along to a senior rater.


Yeah. Who talks to the movies distributor or director or producer, and says, here's the rating, here's why we rated it like this. And then you, you're faced with a choice. You can accept the rating, you can edit your film as per the CA's recommendations. Take Out these bad words, cut the sex scene a little early. Right. Leave all the violence. Yeah. Or you can reject the rating and just release your movie is unrated. Yeah. Which, well, you can try to release it, but since no one will show it, it's really sort of a misnomer. Right. But it's becoming increasingly a thing.


Again, you need the rating to get your movie shown in movie theaters. Yeah. But what happens If you don't care if your movie comes out in theaters Video on demand. Yeah. Or just releasing it to the internet. No, I'm, I'm curious about that. How that's gonna change the landscape. Well, right now it's a huge threat to the MPAA Of course. Because all of the power they wield is found in this rating system. And if For theaters Yes. And if no one's going to theaters, Then the MPAA loses all that power. Which is a big deal, especially now because the MPAA is needed more than ever as a lobbying group because of online piracy, which we'll talk about some more. So it's a very precarious time for the MPAA right now.


Yeah. And it's a terrible time for them to be under as much scrutiny and public attack and critique as they are. Yeah. So it's, I mean, they got spears sticking out every which way, and their trunk is flailing and they're honking. That is true. One thing I should point out as I said it, is that there's no accountability. That's what the NPA says. It's the good thing about the secrecy is that it frees them up. That anonymity does, it frees them up from accountability. I just don't agree. Right. Okay. So the, if, If you want to appeal, there were, there was apparently a change made in response to Kirby Dick's movie.


Yeah. The documentary before, If you were appealing your rating, which is very difficult. It almost never was done. Well, you never won, that's for sure. Right. And when you were appealing, you couldn't reference any other film. It it was totally done in a vacuum, which is pretty preposterous. Yeah. Like that's the only way to be able to tell is like, wait a minute, If you said this about this, then why not this for my movie? Right. Which Meant that there was no real standard Yeah. That, that you could point to or there were standards you could point to. They just wouldn't be considered. Yeah. Or at the very least, if they do have written standards, they don't release them.


So you don't even know what they are. Right. So the MPAA is, they've got their rating system, they've got the appeals process, Which was also in secret. Unless that's changed. Right. I think, I think the appeals board not only was the appeals board in secret, but they weren't even just Raiders. They were people from the industry. Right. And the Theater Owners association. Exactly. Whereas the people who are Raiders are supposedly unaffiliated with the movie industry and are just like average ordinary parents Representing your middle America. We'll just call it, even though I think that's insulting.


The thing is though, is a lot of people criticize the MPA and say, these Raiders are really representing the six major studios who rake in 95% of the $10.9 billion made in the United States. Yeah. In theaters alone. Just ticket sales, not DVD or anything like that. Yeah. And that's what the MPAA does, in addition to rating. They are, like we said, the lobby arm for these six studios. That's right. And they, I guess we should talk about piracy now, huh? Yeah. That's one of their other big, besides from rating movies, they are heavy in the lobby against, well, especially now with online piracy, because the digital distribution network is, it seems like the way forward as far as distribution goes.


Right. Like it's the fu it's not the future, it's the present and the future. And the MPAA has a, they're accused of basically trying to quell new technology Yeah. By just saying like, well, let's just keep people from peer-to-peer file sharing in total together. Yeah. So that they can't steal movies in part. And If you go back to the early eighties, Jack Valenti was known to have railed and lobbied against the legality of VCRs. Yeah. So people are Just gonna be recording things and handing 'em out to their friends. Exactly. Yeah. So there was a, the MPA is a long history of basically like, like just doing anything it can to stifle innovation.


Yeah. In order to protect the profits of these big movie studios. The other problem with them lobbying in favor of these six movie studios is that they inherently have a conflict of interest against the studios that are not part of these six that they represent. Yeah. But whose movies they still rate. Right. So they've been accused of more scrupulously or scrutinously rating the movies of rival studios or foreign studios Yeah. When assigning a, a rating. Well, And that's why filmmakers call consistently for transparency. It's, it's, I don't think there are many filmmakers out there saying there should be no rating.


We should just, maybe some like Lars Font Trier, you know, or Vern Herzog. Right. They're probably like no way things at all. Yeah. But I think they just want transparency. Like open it up and let everyone know how this is all done. Right. Who these people are, and give us an idea on what in the world we're submitting to. Right. Voluntarily quote unquote. Pretty interesting.


This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and Overpriced Furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


So you were talking about online piracy and with digital distribution being a big deal now. Yeah. The MPAs needed more than ever because they have to lobby Congress to fight online piracy. Yeah. At a time when more and more people are distributing online and going around the MPAA. So it's losing its power. Right. But it needs its power more than ever. So like we said, it's a precarious time for the MPAA. Yeah. And they tried a few things. They were successful with the, what was the first one in 2000? The digital Sopa? No, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Oh, right. Which basically that up until then it wasn't a federal crime to share movies on peer-to-peer networks.


Right. That one did it. And they got that passed the MPAA lobbied and got that passed. Yeah. They've cracked down on camcorder recording. Yeah. Like when you're in New York City and someone has that brand new copy of Godzilla on video cassette for you. Yeah. That's because if you've seen Seinfeld, someone went and sat in that theater with a, a camera recorder and just made a stupid, awful quality pirated version. Yeah. And it says that those are the most common, I guess I kind of believe that they're also the worst quality. Like sometimes people will like get up and move in front of the camera, like they go to the bathroom or something. Yeah. It's, it's, I've never seen one, but I, I think They're terrible. Yeah.


Much. I don't wanna say more common, but probably more common these days are like copies of screeners. Yeah. Like they send out DVDs to everybody who's members of the academy Oh yeah. To vote on movies. Yeah. And so around Oscar timer before Oscar time, it seems like the internet gets flooded with way more high quality copies of these major movies that are up for awards. Yeah. I think now they have, thanks to the NPA, have something coded to your name now on your copy. So Like they'll know who leaked it or whatever. I think so. Yeah. If I'm not Mistaken, I'm not surprised by that. Apparently If you want to show frozen at your church Yeah.


You better have a public performance license because it is illegal to show a movie outside of your home. Yeah. That surprised me. But there are a lot of, especially in the summertime, a lot of community screenings. Like every city now has, you know, Atlanta shows 'em in, I think at Oakland Cemetery and some other places in New York, they have 'em all over the place. Sure. And technically yeah. They're supposed to have a license to do so. I'm sure they do. The big ones. Yeah. The big Ones I'm sure do. But like at your community pool, when you wanna show ET and The feds could come kick, kick the gate down around the pool and I bet arrest everybody. I bet they don't love HBO these days.


'cause you know, HBO go. Yeah. People steal that. They're just like, Hey dude, what's your login? Oh, right. Yeah. And HBO came out and they're like, who? Who cares? Yeah. People are watching it. Yeah. They're Like, go watch. True Detective, maybe you'll sign up for HBO. Yeah. Because you liked it. Or maybe you'll just support the show period on social media. Yeah. Even though you're getting it for free. Like, we're making enough money basically. Yes. And that's something that a lot of people say, you know, film industry, we don't really feel that bad for you. Yeah. Sean Austin sit down because you guys made $10.9 billion in America in ticket sales alone in 2013.


We don't feel that bad about this whole conundrum that the MPAA is facing right now. What's Sean Astin Steel was, he was one of the voices or? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't think I knew that. Yeah, he, he was, I can't remember the, there was like a, a whole kind of push, an anti-piracy push a few years back And he was the face of It. Part of it. Yeah. Yeah. And he looked really mad about things too, Rudy. But speaking of piracy, I remember there was a, a story that came out recently. It was, If you think about it first, it's like, wah wah. But then if, If you really kind of lend, lend it some thought it's really disturbing. Yeah. There were, there was a report of prisoners at a prison being shown pirated movies and some of the prisoners were there for pirating movies.


Oh wow. And it like, really think about the injustice behind that. Yeah. Like, that's just crazy town. Imagine if you've been like selling counterfeit first and you go to prison and all of the, all the guards are, were wearing counterfeit fur coats. That'd be Pretty swinging prison. It'd be weird, but it would also be unjust. Yeah. Yeah. True. But in relation to this, it's just more and more widespread. Yeah. Every day it feels like it's, it's a losing battle. I think that the MPAA is fighting right now. Well, I think I read somewhere today that they, I think they might release a few of the Raiders names per film. Not all like 13.


Right. But I need to look up that, look that up again. 'cause that, I don't know, I don't see the why releasing a three out of 13 names. Does anybody any good? It does zero. Good. Yeah. And speaking of doing zero Good. The, the, this, there's kind of a new attachment to the rating system that they have now. It's called Check the Box. Yeah. And it's, it's basically a brief description of why a movie is like PG 13. Yeah. So it'll say like intense sci-fi action or something like that. Or some drug use Yeah. That kind of thing. And some critics of the MPAA say it's just basically like shooting a laser beam into like a 15-year-old boy's brain.


Yeah. Like brief nudity. Come see it. Right. It's PG 13. Check it out kid. Yeah. And I think a lot of people are looking at it like it's, it's just kind of a disingenuous advertisement, right. Cynical advertisement because the, the MPAA is accused of not regulating or even potentially directly marketing to kids under the age of the movies that are being advertised. Yeah. So like you're seeing a lot of ads for like R-rated movies on websites that are like very popular among like the 17 and under crowd. Yeah. There's a lot of tie-ins for PG 13 movies with like kids toys.


Yeah. For kids who are under P who are under 13. And so there's like this idea that there's the MPAA is supposedly serving America's moral moral compasses. Yeah. But really at the same time, they're undermining that morality that they're supposedly defending Yeah. By marketing and exploiting kids. Yeah. That'd be like a cigarette company having a cartoon animal as their mascot. Can you imagine? That'd be weird. Well, one thing about the, the subjectivity of it and the fact that it is a closed book and they, filmmakers don't even know, you know, what, how to tailor their movie to achieve a certain rating.


I mean to within a certain degree, but they've learned how to manipulate it because there is no set standard by, If you watch that film is not rated. And you've heard plenty of stories over the years about filmmakers intentionally putting in things that they never intend to be in the final movie. Oh yeah. Just to sort of distract from some of the other things. So they'll shoot something kind of really outrageous to get the MPAs Raiders haunches up and what they, they were never gonna keep that part anyway. Right. So so they're subverting the system because there is no set standard. Yeah. And they're just the, the stuff they wanna keep in is comparatively Exactly. More palatable. And If you don't have the set standard where you can go and I wonder what those sheets look like on the interior.


You know, I mean that's the great mystery. Yeah. Surely they have their own interior standards. They're not just like, oh, watch it and see what you think. Well they have group discussions too, Man. I'd love to sit down on those. So the, I read another criticism of MPAA is that the difference between PG 13 movies and our movies these days is the profanity and the sexuality. That they're similar in violence if not more violent in PG 13 movies. And that this is kind of messed up that the MPAA has very little problem with violence. Yeah. But when it comes to bad words or sexuality of almost any nature except for women being objectified and men being gratified.


Yeah. Then the MPAA suddenly puckers up. Well, yeah. In any a woman achieving, receiving sexual gratification or a homosexual couple NC 17. Yeah. Virtually like guaranteed, or depending on how they do it are if it's coming out of like one of the major studios. So in, in other words, a man can receive pleasure from a woman. And of course it's scrutinized somewhat because any kind of sex is more heavily scrutinized than violence. Right. But if a woman does, like you said, or if it's a gay couple, it's all over. So homophobic, misogynistic you, you decide.


Right. And fetishistic of violence, you know. Yeah. Like here's one example. There's a great article called Don't Expect Any Major Changes to the MPA rating system in 2014. Yeah. And it's basically Chris Dodd, who's the new head and the gang digging in and saying, you know what, we talk to your average parents and we poll them and this is what they want. They don't, but They haven't Released No, none of those studies are released. Yeah. None of those conversations are released. A movie like Phil Amina, which you saw was, was rated at R That was so good. Yeah. It was about a lady looking for a long lost sun. It was so far from an R movie.


It was ridiculous. Yeah. But it had a couple of F-bombs in it. So they cut those out and they bring it to a PG 13 and you might think, who cares? Cut up the F-bombs, make it PG 13. But there's something bigger going on here, you know? Yeah. There's a great AV club article about how just totally out of step, a lot of the ratings are and they, they have a 15 movies listed and basically talk about their ratings, like the first one they talk about once. Yeah. That romantic, it wasn't like a romantic comedy was it? No, I would say it was a bittersweet, just a modern day romance told through music.


Right. It wasn't a musical, but there were a lot of musical numbers. Highly inoffensive Love story. Yeah. Very sweet movie. It had the same rating as hostile two, which is basically torture porn. They, they both got the same rating. Yeah. Should we should read this first line. Okay. From the AB club. In early summer of 2007, two films were released with R ratings. One featured a scene where a naked woman is suspended from a ceiling while another naked woman slashes her with a STH and baths in her blood. The other featured two Dublin musicians singing songs together, falling in love and opting not to act on it. Like there was never any sex scene.


They didn't even get together really? No. They were both rated R. Both rated R 'cause of profanity. Rushmore rated R for the scene at the end, whether Max is putting on the play the Vietnam play. And there is a shot of a couple little kids looking at on on the set. There's some Playboy centerfolds up in the locker. Yep. Like on the Vietnam set and these, it shows these little kids like looking at those like a 12-year-old would probably do. And it got an R For that. Got an R for that Happiness. Todd Lins, one of my favorite movies of all time. Yeah. They tried to give it an NC 17 rating and he said, you know what, I'm not cutting anything.


You can just go take a long walk off a short pier is what I think he famously said to them. Yeah. And he released his movie as Unrated. Oh really? Yep. I don't think I knew that Way to go Todd Lins. Or if you're looking at some serious homophobia, the great 1989 movie and longtime companion features, no real sex acts at all. Nothing explicit. In fact, the AV club says it could show on network TV today with just a few alterations, but it was about a gay couple. And so it got an NC 17.


Yeah. There's something called Afternoon Delight, which was a, a movie about a woman who hires a A gigolo. Yeah. And it apparently is heavy on the, the woman receiving sexual gratification. It got an R rating. Yeah. Despite, and it got an R rating after apparently the director cut a lot of stuff out and the director said, what the hay? Yeah. After Wolf of Wall Street came out, You're like, have you seen this Movie with like some very graphic apparent sex scenes between a man and a woman? Yeah. But Leonardo DiCaprio is the one enjoying it the most, so it's fine.


It's an R, Right. Blue is the warmest color. Yeah. Last year that a teenage lesbian love story NC 17. Yeah. Got a lot of attention and there were some theaters that allowed high school age kids to go see that anyway. Because again, this isn't law, right. It's not binding, it's up to the theaters. Yeah. It's just so strange that such a small group of people have such influence on such a large industry. And yeah. In secret, the more you dig into it, the more conflicts of interest arise and the more arbitrary the standards become, the more blood boiling it is. I highly recommend you go read some stuff like rated R for Ridiculous by Kirby Dick, his little, yeah, his little op-ed about the MPAA.


That one US News and World Report article you wrote or suggested was good. I Wish I wrote it. Had you been there would've been used correctly. Oh, did they misuse it? What? Yeah, I know. That's terrible. So the NPA will defend themselves and they say, say that there's no such bias and that we, all these objectionable scenes are rated on the graphic quality and how graphic it is. But If you just look at the, you'd have to be a dummy not to see these correlations. Right. And the fact that they don't seem to care that much about violence in this age where, I don't know, does it influence people to go shoot up a school?


Who knows? Did you see that John Oliver quote that's going around? Yes. But what was It? It's like somebody unsuccessfully tries to carry a bomb onto a plane in their shoe. We all take our shoes off. Oh, right. There's like 30 something school shootings after Columbine and absolutely nothing's changed. Yeah. Or the onion article that's going around too now is this is something that can't be prevented. Says the only country where this kind of thing happens all the time. Something like that. Huh? I'm paraphrasing. Oh yeah, that's the onion. Yeah. Good stuff. NPA keep, keep doing the fighting the good fight.


Yeah. Go check out. Like just go start reading up on it. It's funny how much we just take this stuff for granted, but when just start digging just slightly beneath the surface. Yeah. At the very least. See this film is not yet rated. It's really good. Yeah. Really engrossing. And you know, for every a hundred documentaries that come out, what five of 'em are like really great. Sure. Most of 'em are pretty good, some are terrible. So any really good one is worth seeing just in and of itself. Agreed. If you wanna learn more about the MPAA type those letters into the search bar, house of works.com and I said search bar, so it's time for listener mail. I am gonna call this wild parrot.


Josh mentioned in the tattoo podcast that he had heard parrots like to hang together win free, and I wanted to burst in the podcast booth and tell you about the wild parrots of San Francisco. I'm not gonna get into it except to say that over the course of my life, the parrots in San Francisco were sort of living legend. That one would occasionally get the privilege of spotting now and then, however, about three years ago, I moved in with my aunt in the little San Francisco suburb of Brisbane and apparently the famous flocks of parrots were also making their home there. Since it was warmer and less windy. These parrots were often hanging right outside my bedroom window, which is pretty amazing. Or no, she says amusing. I say it's amazing, but also somewhat annoying, especially since my first son was just a little guy then and a very light sleeper.


And these suckers are loud. That is true. They are very loud. Also, guys, I'm sending you the link to watch the preview of the 2003 documentary, the Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill. So I didn't know that was a documentary. I've heard that. Yeah, I've heard of that before. I never knew what it was about. Amy, I will check that out. Thank you. Thank You for writing it. Yeah, thanks a lot Amy. If you have a documentary recommendation, we are always interested in those. Heck yeah. You can tweet 'em to us at SYSK podcast. You can post them on facebook.com/ Stuff You Should Know and you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howtstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web, the beautiful Stuff You Should Know dot com.


For more on this and thousands of other topics, visit howstuffworks.com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than a suspenseful podcast, but when you want to save on gas drama's the last thing you want. That's why Marathon makes it easy to save. With marathon rewards earning you at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards with every fuel up and saving you up to a buck a gallon plus signing up is easy. Do it at the pump or marathon rewards.com. So start saving with rewards from Marathon. Don't miss the Thomas Rut veteran and boot store this summer, fueled by marathon and participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.