
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hi everybody. Chuck here with another intro for our summer movie playlist. Right now you're about to listen to how steady Cam works. This one goes all the way back to June, 2016, but this was a pretty good one everybody. 'cause a steady cam is one of movies great inventions, quite honestly. First used in some of the early movies like Rocky and The Shining. We're gonna talk about how it was made, how it works, and how it works best. So check it out right now. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know from howstuffworks.com. Hey and welcome to the podcast.


I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant. Jerry's over there. Chuck's wearing a hat, so he Stuff You Should Know. Yeah, still, still pretty sad. Yeah. Are you really sure? Oh, alright. Pete, You know what? I'm getting the, Josh is referencing my last chance garage hat that I've talked way too much about. I'm getting the patch remade as we speak. Whoa. I actually found one on eBay that had been sold like three months ago. And You, and it's all a big conspiracy, Is that right? Nah. No, not really. Okay. But I found a picture of the patch that I sent to a patch maker who like can digitally reproduce this thing. Nice man. Well That's great. But then gotta find the right hat.


It's coming back home. Well that's step one. That's a big step one. Yeah. I'm getting a few patches in a few hats this time. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. You can name 'em one through eight. That's right. Let's see, Chuck, you worked in the film industry previously. Yeah. So did you Technically Yeah. You did more than I did by far. You worked at, in front of and behind the camera. That's right. Did you ever work with a steady cam at all? Yeah. So like you've seen these things up close. Yep. I don't recall Scott or anybody using one. We did not have one on our show. Okay. They're expensive. Okay. But I mean, there was some pretty good equipment on set it seemed like to me.


Me. Sure. But there was no steady cam, right? Nope. Because I was trying to recall, and I could not for the life of me, remember a moment when there was a awesome like X extendo arm camera with like all of the components exploded out into different parts of a Pole That didn't happen. 'cause he would've walked in and said, what's that? Right. And everyone would've laughed and you would've been like, why does everyone make fun of me? Just I've been like, I know all this Stuff would've, I'll be in my dressing room. No, we never used one on our TV show for science channel because like I said, it's pricey to rent. And this is a bit of a giveaway, but a a person steady cam operator comes with the package, right. With all the equipment. It's a lot of times their own.


And it's, you know, it's pricey Yeah. To pay for that, that lady or that dude. Right. But the reason it is pricey is because it's, it has a really good effect. Yeah. And the person who's doing it really knows what they're doing. Yeah. I I, I don't know, but just from researching this, it seemed like they were probably the most skilled trades person on the set at any given time when they were on the set. Is that right? Well, I think it's just a matter of what skill. It's just a different skill. Are they like the highest echelon of camera operators? No, it's just different. Okay. Like A top-notch. They're niche. Yeah. Okay, I got it then. But, but you don't just wade into steady cam and Right.


And start getting work the next day. It does take a lot of work to master, but like a good dolly grip is just as skilled Right. At just pushing that thing around. But that takes a very Non herky jerky, Well, it's not gonna be herky jerky anyway, but just to hit the marks. Right. And to Oh, I see. Yeah. I mean, all that stuff takes a great amount of skill. Well, Let's talk about this because steady cam, you know, when I came of age was already invented. It was, it was basically became commercially available the year I was born. So I don't really know a world prior to study cam. I've never seen a movie that came out before 1976. Funny. And I'm just used to it. Right. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's interesting to, to look back and see that there, there actually is a point in time where this one dude who was actually kind of an outsider of the movie business, basically changed it permanently forever.


For sure. Yeah. His name was Garrett Brown. Is Garrett Brown. Yeah. He is still around, right? Yeah. And he, he was working for, well he was working in TV commercials in on Sesame Street in Philadelphia. Yeah. And he got a little frustrated as camera people do pre steady cam with not being able to accomplish certain shots. Yeah. There's supposedly there were 30 impossible shots that just based on the, the equipment at the of the day, you just couldn't do. Right. Yeah. And a lot of it had to do with like rough terrain. Sure. Staircases were a big one.


Yeah. And the reason these shots were impossible, it's not like you couldn't lug a camera around up and down the stairs, but the movement that the camera recorded would be so jarring that it would render the film like that, that it would be unusable. Yeah. And this was in a day before. I mean, there were shaky cam shots and like cave and all these early indie filmmakers did a lot of like avant garde handheld stuff, but it was known as avant garde. Right. Because it looked different. Yeah. And people were used to kind of smoother looking things and mainstream movies at the time. Yeah. It had like a real frenetic energy to it. Yeah. Which you see all the time now. Yeah. It's like a bonafide thing. But I, and it wasn't just like picking up the movements of the, the camera.


It was like telegraphing them as far as the human brain's concerned. 'cause we take it for granted. But we have in our own brains a a pretty complex system. Yeah. That involves the inner ear coordinating with the movement of the retina so that it offsets the movement and the motion and the jarring impact of like just walking. Yeah. Like if we didn't have that, we wouldn't be able to focus on anything while we were moving around. Yeah. You wouldn't, people wouldn't jog. They would get sick and vomit every time they jog. Exactly. Right. And you certainly wouldn't be able to like read us magazine while you were jogging or something like that. No. The fact that you can, yeah. It really is a, a a a, it really shows how incredibly complex and well developed the system is.


Right? Yes. That's what the steady cam that Garrett Brown created sought to recreate. And he, he did it. He nailed it. Like on the first time out, basically. Yeah. Because we, we mentioned a dolly that is people that know film know this stuff as like pretty rudimentary information, but a lot of people don't know what a dolly is and they see the word dolly grip in a movie. They just think it sounds funny. But the dolly is how you typically would get a smooth shot. It's just a big super, super heavy sled with wheels Right. That the camera sits on and the camera operator sits on and it's either on a very smooth floor, it's on a piece of track, like a little railroad car and it pushes along.


And that's how you get those nice smooth shots. Right. So that's a dolly. The problem with the dolly is, is you can't really lay that trek over a rocky terrain if you're filming on Mars or something like that. No. And like you said, you can't push it up and down stairs. It just had its limitations. Right. It did. So Garrett Brown said, I'm sick of these limitations. I'm so tired of being limited by Dolly stupid dollies. I'm gonna invent something better. And so he tinkered around with his, what was called the brown stabilizer at first. Yeah. Which he later renamed the steady cam. Yeah. And to show off, like at first he, he was just using 'em in commercials and he was like, this is way bigger than just commercials.


Yeah. I'm gonna make a, a sizzle reel. And he made a sizzle reel of the 30 impossible shots that you just couldn't do before. And he did it with the steady cam, but he didn't show how it was done. Yeah. And you can, he was able to save 10 of those shots and digitize them. And a couple of years ago he finally released online 10 of those. So you can actually go see this original reel. Yeah. It's pretty cool. And see yeah, His wife and his best friend, like just doing stuff while he's just Doing stuff Like, you know, like one of them was swimming. You can't run alongside somebody. Swimming apparently was an, an impossible shot. I'm not quite sure why. Well, You just couldn't run alongside someone doing anything.


Oh, okay. That's what it was. Yeah. Even with a dolly. Well, no, you could have, you could have laid Dolly track down the length of a swimming pool. Sure. Right. That's why I didn't understand that one was an impossible shot. But to show off, he goes, that's a good question. He goes around a, a slide just to kind of shift To it home. Maybe that was the impossibility of It. But then his buddy gets out of the pool and like walk and like he's, he pivots around him and I'm sure he, when he put this reel together and he sent it out Yeah. The directors are like, this is magic sorcery. Well, it was mind blowing. And some people say it was the first viral video because it was shared around Hollywood, literally in a matter of days everybody in Hollywood was saying, what in the world?


Like you said, what is this sorcery? Right. This Garrett Brown has bestowed upon us. Yeah. It's, it was a, a bit of a mic drop as far as that real goes. And Stanley Kubrick being Stanley Kubrick sent a message to Garrett Brown that said, If you are really concerned about protecting its design before you fully patent it, I suggest you delete the two occasions on the reel where the shadow on the ground gives a skilled counterintelligence photo interpreter, a fairly clear representation of a man holding a pole with one hand, with something or other at the bottom of the pole, which appears to be slowly moving. All of that is Stanley Kubrickian for Hey, there's a shadow in, in one of your shots Right. Of of the steady cam op.


Yeah. Which is pretty cool of him to do. Sure. Because I'm sure there were plenty of people in Hollywood who would've been like, okay, I think I kind of get the idea of what this was, because there was no suggestion whatsoever of what, what Garrett Brown had used to get these shots except in those shadows. So he went e and went and immediately cut those. Yeah. Those, I think 14 seconds out of his reel and then released the second edition. And it, it Looked pretty good. I mean, it's, it's rough compared to today's standard. Sure. But I mean, But for the time it was, it was like unbelievable. Right. Yeah. It changed everything. Oh yeah. And one of the shots that he got was his wife Ellen. He said, dear, why don't you put on your most seventies bell bottoms you can find.


Yeah. And I'm going to run up behind you as you run up the steps to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and maybe when you get to the top, you can raise your hands in triumph and I will spin around you. And then if that shot sounds familiar, it actually attracted a guy, a director named John, what is it, IL's Son? Yeah. John G sson Who said, I like this. I'm going to use it in this little film I'm directing called Rocky. Yeah. And I didn't get whether or not this was the case, but did they, did they locate Rocky in Philadelphia because of those steps? No, because He said, how did you do that?


And where are those steps? I don't think so, man. 'cause I wondered that too. Like, like did he not have a scene written where Rocky just runs up those steps? Right. I mean, Stallone wrote it. Right? I think they added Well, we'll just have to ask him. Okay. Hey Sly, I was wondering If you could do it. Yeah, that was pretty good. I answered in that little moment. You'll someone will have to interpret that great movie though, man. I, I rewatched that Rocky. Yeah. Like this year. Yeah. From beginning to end, just phenomenal movie. Yeah. I'm, I'm trying to get Emily to watch it. Has she never seen the Original? No. And I'm, it's its own thing for sure. Like, it's not, it's Not a boxing movie sequel.


No. Really. It's a love story for the most part. Its, it's a love Story in like a, the triumph of the little guy. Yeah. Story for sure. Yeah. Fe featuring boxing, right? That's exactly right. Yeah. But two and three and up on onward, it's like a totally different thing. Yeah. But those were good Too. Yeah. They said, let's take your story, take out the heart and insert cocaine instead. Insert, insert Mr TI don't get the cocaine Reference. Well, it's just the eighties and Hollywood got their hands on it. Okay, sure. You know what I mean? I Gotcha. Yeah. That's a good question though. I wonder about that if he surely didn't remake it for Philadelphia just for that. Well, But the, the point is, is Garrett Brown created on this sizzle reel, the one of the most iconic shots in filmmaking history For sure.


And he sent that reel out. And within that year, I believe 19,


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


76 3 major motion pictures hired him to operate his study camp for it. There was Rocky. Yep. There was, what was the one about Woody Guthrie? Bound for Glory? Yeah. I think that one came out first. So that was the first actual like Right. And that one he, the steady came up was Garrett Brown, I think for all these, because he was the only guy that knew how he got a lot of work early on. Yeah. And I think's The operator, I think the Petton was still pending until 1977. So I'm sure he touch this. Didn't let that thing out his side. He, everybody close your eyes while I shoot this. But on bound for glory, he was on a crane even that lowered down, stepped off the crane. So people had seen crane shots, but then for the crane to go down, down, down and then all of a sudden start following this guy, everyone was like, what in the World?


Right. There would've been a cut. Yeah. After the crane stopped and then before, you know, they, they would've cut and he would've gotten in a position and then started up again. This is one smooth shot. One smooth Shot. Yeah. And then the other one was Marathon man. Yeah. So not a great movie. Right. Outta the blue. This guy who was a commercial director and made short films for Sesame Street changed filmmaking like single-handedly. Yeah. And won an Academy Award in 1978 for technical achievement. Got that patent in 77 and well, that's it. That's the history of the steady cam. That's it. Everybody Couldn't I? But we're going to, should we take a break and tell everyone how this thing works? Let's do it, man.


All right Chuck. So the study camp, do you remember when we did our episode on breathalyzers? Oh boy. That was a long time ago. And We found out that the breathalyzer is one of the most complicated machines Yeah. On the planet. It, I I kind of hated that one. Like, There were, there were crystals involved somehow. I hated that one Too. Dark Crystals. There were, this is a bit like that. Like If you really dive into study cams, like this article on how stuff works does it's, it's, it's labyrinthine talk about the dark crystal. Yeah. We're talking labyrinth instead. Yeah. But we're gonna simplify it because you don't need to break this thing apart and look at every component like this article does.


I mean, it really gets involved. What you should do is look at a picture of someone operating one. Yeah. And just 'cause when you look at it, you go, it, it all makes a lot more sense. Right. And there, there's really just three main parts to the whole thing. There's a vest, there's an arm that's attached to the vest, and then the other end of the arm is attached to what's called the sled. Yeah. Which is what the camera and it's components are mounted on. Right. Yeah. And that arm it, I mean, just pick your picture yourself wearing a a like a baby Bjorn baby carrier. Okay. Except for instead of the baby at your sternum, there's a mechanical arm coming out. Like A spring arm lamp. Yeah. Like a accordion arm or a spring arm lamp.


Right. And it's, it's virtually the same thing. Well, yeah. And guess who made one of these? Who by himself before they started making them for at home people Who? Casey? No, Who? My brother of course. Oh, did he really? Yeah. Yeah. My brother made one of these in like the early nineties. Did he really? Out of door hinges and rubber bands and springs. Does He still have it? Is it in the Smithsonian? I Don't know. It's, it's in the Scotts Sonian. Nice. Which is where all his early inventions, It's his basement with all his pinball machines. Yeah. But he made one, he basically did the same thing. He, he looked at it and looked at these swing arm lamps. Right. And, and accordion arm lamps. And it's like, well it's the same thing. I'll just make a version of that. It vir It is and it worked pretty good. It's virtually the same thing.


Yeah. So the whole point of a steady cam is that it basically simulates, or the arm at least simulates a human arm Right. To where it can move around very easily. Yeah. And it redistributes the weight of the camera, which can be up to like 70 pounds I imagine. Probably more. Yeah. The whole unit is pretty heavy and it's not easy to operate, but it hold, it'll wear you Out. It holds it effortlessly and it holds it in place. This arm does. And it does it by using springs. And you can adjust the tension of the springs by using a cable and pulley system. Yes. So that it offsets the balance of the camera and holds it in space in front of the camera operator ba basically, so that they can move it effortlessly up down to the side.


You can put the camera on top of the sled so that you get high shots. You can switch it so it goes on the bottom so you can get low angle shots. Yeah. The traditional, it's called high mode and low mode. And high mode is, it doesn't mean it's high, it just means it's on the top of the unit. And then low mode is when it's on the bottom. So If you wanted to film a mouse running across the floor, you would put it in low mode. Right. If you wanna film a human, you'd put it in high mode. Yeah. And the, the camera itself is broken out into pieces, which is kind of an ingenious trick that I guess Garrett Brown came up with himself. I think he did. And this is the, this is the third part, the camera sled, right?


Yes. The sled is what holds all the equipment. Right. And it's basically a pole with a little bit at the top called the stage. Yeah. And that's where the camera goes. Or it could be at the bottom, wherever the camera is. Sure. The camera's mounted to the stage. Yes. Then you get the pole itself, and then the, I guess the arm is connected to the pole by a, A gimbal. A gimbal. A gimbal. That's right. Yeah. And that's like an old technology. It's basically Sure. Something that uses basically a gyroscopic action to take the movement of whatever is seeking to move whatever you wanna hold still and getting rid of it. Yeah. Like everything around it moves except for the thing that you wanna hold still.


Yeah. It's pretty neat. It's super neat. And that's just the, the one arm that's connected to the pole? Yes. So you can see how complicated this thing is that this guy sat back and I think in a hotel room somewhere, he put it together. Garrett Brown, the first one. This just the ingenuity it took to, to put this together. It's pretty, pretty in depth as far as inventions go. Yeah. And there's a little science to it. There's, there's something called moment of inertia. It's basically how much that camera is resistant to rotation. So If you want the camera to be still, you want to increase that resistance to the rotation. And this is determined by a couple of different things, how much mass there is to the object and how far that mass is from the, from its own axis of rotation.


So by spreading the camera out, he basically took the little, you know, cameras come with a monitor now, so you can see what's going on. Right. And a big heavy battery. Yeah. He took the monitor off of the camera. He took the battery off of the camera and redistributed that up and down the pole. So what he ended up doing was spreading out that mass, which takes away the center of gravity from the camera itself. Yeah. Because like with a regular camera where all the components are in one single unit, that center of gravity's inside the camera. Yeah. So it's easy to rotate. But since he exploded it out into its various components, he made that center of gravity land somewhere on the pole. Right. And the gimbal attaches to the pole just above the center of gravity so that the camera operator holds the pole and manipulates the camera at the center of gravity.


Which makes it very easy to, to balance, keep balance. Yeah. And they, they do a good job in this article. If you like, just take a broomstick and you find that center of gravity with your finger, you can hold it with a, with your finger and lift it up and down. Right. And it, it's, it's just, it's balanced on your finger because you're hitting that center of balance. That's right. It's the same principle. Yeah. And in fact, If you took, If you took that same broomstick and cut it off and you just had three feet of broomstick and just took your SLR camera and screwed that broomstick into the bottom of your camera instead of a tripod. Right. That would function. You could walk around with that and it would be steadier than If you just had it in your hand.


I could see that 'cause of the, the change of the center of gravity. Change Of the center of gravity. And If you put a little counterweight at the bottom, it would make it even more steady. Yeah. And that's the whole concept of the steady cam sled. Yeah. Then attach that to an arm that, that accordion arm. Right. And you're cooking with gas. Yeah. Because you were saying like If you walk around with just the pole holding or the broomstick cut off broomstick and you're holding it just with your hand. Yeah. It's steady. The point of the arm is it's taking your hand out of the equation and replacing it with something that can isolate movement even more. Yeah. So that your movement of you walking just gets lost within the arm before it ever gets to the camera and could shake it.


Yeah. Like If you did it with a broomstick, your arm is the same thing as a steady cam arm. Right. Except, except it's Better if the steady cam arm is Is better than your human arm. Right. Yes. Exactly. Pretty neat stuff. It is neat stuff. And I think that's it for the science man. We made it through it. Yeah. I mean it's all gotta be very precisely balanced. You don't just throw the stuff on the pole willy-nilly. No. And they point out that the balance of the camera can actually change during filming. Yeah. Just from the film moving from one end of the camera to the other as it as it records. Right. Well, yeah. In the old days when they used film, for sure. Nowadays it's just that digital card. Yeah. I'm sure. Well, not always. I'm sure Quentin Tarantino's camera operators have to deal with this.


Yeah. And If you've ever been on a job with a steady cam, there are a lot of, there's a lot of breaks where, I mean, you can adjust 'em on the fly more now, but I remember there just being a lot of breaks with a steady cam op would say, hold on, you know, I need five minutes. And they go over and they have a little stand that they put it on to take because you know, it takes the weight off to a certain degree, but it's still a lot of weight to be carrying on a vest on your chest. Yeah. And running and moving and doing all sorts of stuff. Yeah. It's, it's a tough gig. Like, there's a pretty amazing video. Did you watch it of that Eurovision shot? No. There's a guy from I think Belarus singing and they showed Oh, I did. They showed him like I did see that he, he's like, they, they, they showed the shot and then they showed what somebody filming the shot being done.


And the guy with the steady cam wearing the vest rides down the aisle on a, a segue, Is that what he is on? Yeah. Hops off runs up this ramp and then starts circling around the guy who's singing. And it's a pretty amazing thing. It's a great shot. But then when you see how it's done, you're, wow, that guy deserved a, a standing ovation. It Would've been more impressive. Hit it. Not like the subject matter been more interesting than the video quality been better. Yeah. It's pretty, pretty Bad. Like if it was a Scorsese movie, you'd be like, wow. Sure. But it was this, you know, kind of corny. Well, I mean it looked like a American idol or Something. It was, but it, it was American Idol. If you took American Idol at its peak and then spread it out over Eurasia and, and like it was popular over that, that large of a population.


That's what your AVI is. That's right. So you wanna talk about some of the shots when we come back after a break, please. Okay.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value Shop by a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here, go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


All right. So Chuck, in addition to that Rocky shot and that Eurovision shot, there were some other very famous shots, classic shots of all time. Yeah. That had to do with Steady Cam. That couldn't have been done with without Steady Cam. Well The Shining is the first one that pops into most people's minds because like we said, Kubrick was a big fan of this invention and immediately started talks with Garrett Brown on how to help him out with this movie, the Shining that he was making. Right. And apparently they kind of battled one another quite a bit on the set of The Shining and, and Garrett Brown later admitted he said a lot of that was probably, what'd he call it?


Like inventors pride or something Right. Kind of getting in the way Yeah. Of this like brilliant all tour. So Kubrick already had his own ideas on how to best use this thing that this other guy invented. Right. And you know, the Shining classic example, those tricycle shots. Yeah. The famous maze Chase at the end. Yep. Very iconic in motion picture history. Yeah. And I mean the, the, how did they, do you know how they did that? That shot behind Danny on his little big wheel? They probably just went into low mode and Like walked behind him or Yeah. Ran down the hall after him. That's really impressive. Yeah. So The Shining is a big one. Sure. Rocky's a big one.


Goodfellas is another classic example too Classic where Ray Liotta and Lorraine Brocko are going into the Copa Cabana, but they go through the back. Yeah. And they're followed like throughout like the back stairs into the kitchen and then they finally come out into their table and it's like one uninterrupted, like five minute shot or something. It's amazing. And it's, I think when you see this, you're, you might see it and not be a discerning film viewer and just say, well that I didn't notice anything. Right. Which is probably good. Yeah. Or you might be a fan of the steady cam and just say, man, that was amazing. Then you have to step back and look at lighting and realize that how incredibly hard it is to light a shot like that that takes place over, I don't know how many hundreds of feet.


Well, without seeing the lights in the shot. Well That, or just consistent lighting and having it look good. I mean that's just usually you light for like a room or something or a hallway. Right? Yeah. Yeah. But to light all those different rooms and hallways and just incredibly, I can't imagine how long it took to set that shot up. You know, They were like, wait, what do you wanna do? Yeah. It'll be great. Don't about it. Stick with me, stay with me. You know, he's making another gangster movie. No, I didn't know that. Yeah. And it may be like the, some folks are saying it's like, you know, his last big gangster movie. Yeah. But it's got De Niro again. Okay. He hadn't worked with him in a long time.


Okay. Pacino nice. And Joe Pesci is coming out of retirement. I didn't even know he was retired. I just thought he wasn't doing stuff anymore. No, Man, he retired. I didn't know that. Yeah, so he's, he's got the three heavy weights. Yeah. And supposedly Harvey Tel, of course you gotta throw him in there. Sure. But I'm just like giddy thinking about this. Yeah. I, I'm glad he is. 'cause his last one was the Departed, right? No, he's made movies since then. Like Wolf of Wall Street or Sliced Gangster. No, last gangster movie. Yeah. Which I thought was great. I know you didn't love it. I Just didn't. I thought it was awesome. I thought everything but what Jack Nicholson did was was pretty good. Yeah. You didn't like his performance? No, I really didn't. Well Sorry Jack.


He'll forgive that. Alright. Because you like him as an actor, right? Yeah. Oh, okay. What Else? Yeah, as good as it gets. Come on. Return of the Jedi 1983, the, the famous speeder bike chase scene and I think they On indoor Yeah. California's Redwood National Park doubled as indoor and that was Garrett Brown walking and they sped it up. Yeah. But, and the, you're just like, wow, who cares? The the, the reason why it's such an iconic steady cam shot is because he walked very slowly. Yeah. And when you speed film up, the tiny movements involved, they're telegraphed.


They just become much more exaggerated. Yeah. So without a steady cam, when they sped the film up again, it would've been just so blurry and just jarring. It would've been unusable. Yeah. The fact that you can see the trees and stuff and even at that high speed, it's all steady cam. Yeah. And people, I think it's just so easy to take it for granted now in movies when you see these shots. Yeah. But to pioneer these, these things and this equipment was, was remarkable. Yeah. And nowadays you can, they're all manner of at home steady cam. You don't have to do like my brother and build one out of spare parts and door hinges. No, You can buy one For not too much. Yeah, You can, you can spend a hundred dollars.


Yeah. On a, on a decent enough little home steady cam. They, This article says that the steady cam curve, which was made for GoPros, it was like a hundred bucks. Yeah. Well those are teeny tiny and There's one for the iPhone called, what's it called? The Smoothie. That one is like, it's like, I think even less than a hundred bucks and it's just like a handheld camera stabilizer that works pretty well from what I can gather. Yeah. We should have had Casey, our video producer, Casey, he's in France right now though. Yeah. Living the high life. Right. Baguettes. We should have had Casey in here just giving thumbs up or thumbs down Right. To each one of these brands that we mentioned.


Yeah. Yeah. And I would trust that as like the gospel truth. Right. But Casey's not here so we're just gonna say read online reviews. I also saw that there's like a a, a lot of gimbal based drone steady cams. Yeah. That are just not, not that expensive. Well Drone, they're just amazing. Well, drones, they're changing the game again. Sure. Because then you can do a shot where you follow someone by the swimming pool and then fly up into outer space with them If you want. Yep. And one continuous motion. Yep. Like the quiz monster. The what? The quiz monster. You remember the alien from Quip Cereal? Do remember Quip? Remember the weird alien sort Of, I didn't eat Quip.


Wasn't that a Captain Crunch knockoff or was it different? It was different because they were saucer shaped rather than square waffle cut. Gotcha. Same thing though. Yeah, Same thing. It was good. It didn't cut the tongue like Captain Crunch did. Oh yeah. The roof of the mouth. I'll suffer through that still. And then of course Steady Cam is a name brand. Right. We should mention like seeing Eye Dog. Yeah. It's made, who makes it? Tiffin? Tiffin now Makes it. That's what, yeah, I think. I think Tiffin does. They have a pretty good site. Like If you are at all interested in this, like they've got a great site and they have all of their study cam models with a real like in depth overview of 'em and Yeah.


Pretty. I think it's got all their manuals and everything just right there for you to read. Yeah. There's other companies making them. There's one called Glide Cam. Vera Zoom. Yeah. But you know, steady Cam's still probably the giant, it's like Dolly's. There's only two dolly makers. Well, Or there may be more now, but it's like Chapman and Fisher and each, you know, every Dolly Grip has a Reference. Those are the dolly makers. Yeah. The Chapman dollies are Fisher dollies. It's kinda like they're Kind of holding it Down. Jamison or Bushmills. Yeah. You know Budweiser or Coors Neither. And then Garrett Brown as if the steady cam wasn't enough as far as revolutionizing filming goes. He later on invented something called the SkyCam.


Yeah. Which like If you watch any kind of sporting event now, especially, it's especially useful for football in in football where like it's, there's just cables Yeah. Above the field and there's cameras hanging down that are just like doing overhead shots following the action. Yeah. Like it's nothing. It's pretty neat. Garrett Brown invented that too. I got one more little thing for you. There are two positions, not high mode, low mode positions are like how you're operating the camera. But If you are pointing forward as the operator and your camera is pointing forward and you're just walking, it's called missionary. No. And then If you are, if the operator is forward and the camera is backward, they call that Don Juan.


So leave it to film set Goons to think of sexual names for Sex it Up camera positions. Don Juan. Yeah. I never heard of that one. I hadn't either. Well, If you wanna know more about Steady Cams, including a really, really fine grain involved look at the physics of how the steady cam arm works, you should go type steady cam into the search bar@howstuffworks.com. Since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this Encouragement from a Christian listener. Okay. Hey guys, I was listening to the Easter show and was compelled to write in. As a Christian, I've always appreciated how you make a solid effort to not rail on the church too hard.


I found it humorous and simultaneously sad when you felt you had to tiptoe around the pagan traditions that have been integrated with the resurrection. I find it disheartening to think that other believers can't find anything better to do than wait to be offended by something. Then jump all over you for it. But based on your years of experience and careful treatment of the subject, it must be the case a lot of the time. Personally, I just wanna say, I can't think of anything you've ever said to offend me. I think you've done a standup job with sensitive subjects like Satanic Panic in particular. It's also nice just to hear you talk about things directly related to my beliefs without sneering like many others will. That's nice. Dane in Minnesota. Yeah, For real, Dane, If you want to get in touch with us like Dane did and be a super cool person, you can tweet to us at SYSK podcast.


You can also follow the behind the scenes action of Chucks and my life at SYSK podcast on Instagram. You can Join us on facebook.com/ Stuff You Should Know for the hurt, and you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. In the meantime, while you're doing all this, hang out with us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. For more on this and thousands of other topics, visit howt stuff works.com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley blue kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than binging on a podcast. Well except maybe binging on rewards from Marathon. That's because you can earn at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards every time you fuel up. Saving up to a buck a gallon plus signing up is easy. Do it straight from the pump or@marathonrewards.com. So start binging on savings with rewards from Marathon today. And don't miss the Thomas Red Better and Boot Tour this summer. Fuel by Marathon. I participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.