
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And there's Jerry. And this is Stuff You Should Know and we're keeping an eye on you. Sucker, Did I throw you off when I pre-recording? No, I'm always expecting anything from you. We do our usual countdown, everyone, so we can sync sound. And you do that. Here's a little how the sausage is made. You do that by counting down and then each of us clapping so you have a spike in the audio wave file that the engineers and editors can align.


So we match up. Right? And I clapped, but this time I also said meal. Hoping you would say, Oh, you set me up, huh? I'm sorry. That's okay. Well here lemme say it now. Mazel. There you go. Okay. Are you ready to get on with our sausage party? Gross? Yeah, sure. Okay. That was nice of you to kinda give that behind the scenes tour to everybody, Chuck. You know, That's why everyone likes you more Trade Secrets. That's not true. So I've been on Reddit, Whatever. Everybody likes you including me. Especially me. At any rate, so we're talking today about The Pinkerton Detective Agency and this one strikes me as odd that we have waited this long.


Yeah. 17 years to finally talk about them. Yeah. And because they're just so legendary, you know, like everybody knows what the pinkertons are and If you don't, I'm not taking that back because everyone else knows what the Pinkertons are. Yeah. The Pinkerton National Detective Agency technically was the name of it, but they were generally called the Pinkertons led by Alan Pinkerton. And they're, you know, what they're known for is being one of the first, or perhaps the first, and I say private detective agency, but not like we think of PIs. Like Not Sam Spade Stuff? No, no, no. Just a detective agency that's privatized like police kind of detective work.


Right. And you know, they did a lot of stuff including, as we'll see busting up bank robbers and then later busting up unions. Yeah. It took a dark turn for sure. Yeah. But they got their, their start doing, you know, God's work by working in the abolitionist movement by helping to free enslaved people. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing. So there's a lot of stuff you'll find when you dig into the history of The Pinkerton Detective Agency. It depends on who you're reading. Either they were pretty great and did some really great work or they were evil from the start. And then apparently also one of the things that complicates it is Alan Pi.


Alan Pinkerton was known to kinda hype his own company, hype his own exploits. Yeah. And some people interpret that as like personal mythmaking. And whether that's correct or not, a lot of historians have delved into, and I think the answer generally is it's a case by case thing. Right. Whether it's actually true, whether it actually happened quite that way. But for the most part, from what I saw from researching this, is generally most of the stuff can be accepted at surface level for the most part. It's not like If you, If you buy into this story that we're about to tell you Yeah, yeah. That you we're, you're just being totally misled. Yeah. So for the most part, just relax is what I'm trying to say.


Right. Yeah. So we'll go back in time and hop in the way back machine to witness the bird. It's 1819 in Scotland, so it's not a pretty sight No Giving birth back then. But little Allen Pinkerton is born in Scotland. He is the son of a police sergeant. So you know, law enforcement was in his family roots. And he went to the United States in 1842 at the age of 23. And we should kind of mention just one thing he was involved in early on in Scotland before he left was something called the Chartist movement, which was, we're not gonna get super into it, but it was basically a movement of the working class over there that tried, one of the main things they tried to do is extend voting rights to all, all men non landowners.


That is Right. Yeah. And election of parliamentary members, that kinda stuff. This basically democratic reform in England. And at the time this was considered radical politics. Yeah. And Alan Pinkerton actually fled the country with his family because the fuzz was looking for him, essentially. And they landed in the Chicago area, Dundee, Illinois appropriately enough. Yeah. And he decided that he would become a Cooper. Yeah. Which is somebody who makes barrels. And I guess he was a pretty decent barrel maker. 'cause he did it for a little while. Yeah. They, it's a trade he learned in Scotland. So he opened up that cooperage in, in Dundee, like you said. And a, a fortuitous incident happened as a Cooper when he was on, apparently this sort of abandoned or maybe just not claimed land cutting wood looking for wood for barrels.


And he discovered a hideout of some counterfeiters. He rustled up a, a posse, got some citizens together and captured them and for his efforts, got a lot of local notoriety. And they said, Hey, how about you become deputy sheriff here in Cain County, Illinois. And this was in 1846. And he said, well, I guess dad was a, was a copper and so maybe I should be too. Or a quasi copper at least. Yeah. This was actually before Chicago had an established police force. Yeah. And it was a big deal to be a cop. And If you were a cop, they also called them watchmen because in a lot of cases that's what it amounted to. Like these, these men would not go into the highest crime areas and they would avoid the most dangerous criminals.


And there were just a few handfuls of them. But Pinkerton made a name for himself very quickly as somebody who had just like a, a sixth sense for just knowing when somebody was up to no good. And following them and seeing what they were up to for being fearless. Yeah. And for not accepting bribes. He was as honest as the day, as long, as far as bribery is concerned. And that made him stand out. And he started kind of moving up the ranks pretty quickly and moved from King County to Cook County where he worked in the assessor's office protecting Steven Spielberg.


Well, I'm not sure I get the reference From Blues Brothers. Remember it wasn't Steven Spielberg, the Cook County assessor eating the sandwich when they come to pay the taxes. Frank Oz? No, Frank Oz was the, the guy in the Captain property room. Oh, Was Spielberg in that too. Okay. I'm pretty sure he was the assessor at the Cook County Assessor's office. I believe you. I just, I don't, I shamefully don't know Blues brothers as well as clearly you do. So either I'm like really just making this stuff up. But we've had this conversation and you were fully on board with Spielberg being Oh man, the assessor. Oh, You know me. And I mean, this was like two weeks ago.


No it wasn't. I'm Okay. It wasn't two weeks ago. But we have had this conversation. I know we have. I've Just turned 54, so things are slipping. All right, I'll, I'll ease off. Yeah. So that's what happened. Eventually he would also be a special agent for the US Post Office and finally in 1850 he started the detective agency, the Pinkerton National Detective Agency that apparently was the first detective. He was named the first detective in Chicago, I think previous to this, at just 31 years old. And from the beginning, from 1850 till the end of emancipation, like I mentioned from the outset, he, he worked to assist the, the escape in freeing of enslaved people.


I think he even had a stop, like a volunteer to stop on the Underground Railroad. Yeah. So there was one, he apparently was bosom friends with John Brown, as he put it. He had a real chance to coin the term bosom buddies, but he didn't do it. Bosom friends. Yeah. Didn't Have the ring, Does it? No, it really doesn't. But John Brown, the white abolitionist gorilla, essentially made a raid on a few farms in Missouri and ended up freeing 11 enslaved people and leading them to Canada. And one of the, one of the stops was with Alan Pinkerton in Chicago. And Pinkerton by this time was wealthy enough that he paid for, I guess the train ride from Chicago onto Detroit for everybody who John Brown had busted out.


So he definitely was an abolitionist. And from what I read, it was like from the moment he landed in the United States, he was an abolitionist. This wasn't like him pumping up his image years later. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. So a lot of the other work they were doing, they were doing other, you know, work as an agency besides working in the, in the emancipate or I guess the abolitionist movement. But this was, you know, again, in and around Chicago that didn't have a real police department at the time and he, they didn't exactly work as cops though. It was sort of this weird hybrid of a thing. Like they were, it wasn't like police, it wasn't like a private detective agency, but they also weren't like full on cops.


It was kind of hard to define at the time. Yeah. I think one of the big distinction was is they weren't out there like actively seeking crime as part of the public good. They were hired to find like Specific things. Right. Specific criminals. Yeah. Or to prevent specific crimes by corporations typically. And one of the early employers or clients I guess were the railroads. 'cause at the time people would steal from railroads left and right. Oh yeah. There were just so many goods going across the United States. It was just too tempting. And they started, I think the first railroad, possibly, if not one of the first was the Illinois Central Railroad.


And they, they worked security and did detective work for this railroad. And this would be a significant client for Pinkerton to land throughout the rest of his life. Because the corporate attorney for the Illinois Central Railroad at the time was Abraham Lincoln and the president of the railroad was William McClellan. And when you put those two together, you have some high powered Civil war people on the union side. And as we'll see, Alan Pinkerton joined them in the Civil War. Yeah. If, if you've ever seen, there weren't a lot of photographs back then, but there's a very famous photograph of Lincoln at Antietam. Have you ever seen this one? Is It? Yeah, I was looking at it today. Yeah. So That's Pinkerton on the left.


He's with two dudes. Yeah. Standing in front of that canvas tent. And that's Pinkerton on the left. And major general John mc McLaren on the right of Lincoln who always just not forget. But anytime you see a photo like that where you, and there aren't many where you see like full size, the full size Lincoln doll, Right. Yeah. Or cardboard cutout. He's just impossibly tall for back then. And then that stovepipe hat just adds to it, obviously. But I don't know if he wore that hat to further imit intimidate people, but he was just such a tall, lanky guy. It's just odd looking for that time period. For sure. I have trouble anytime I say stovepipe hat, not saying stove top hat Instead of Potatoes.


Those raised on stove top stuffing. Did you eat that stuff? Yeah. Ah, we never got to eat that stuff. My mom didn't buy that stuff. Yeah, we ate that stuff for sure. We ate all sorts of weird stuff like that didn't it? Just like Dehydrated bread crumbs. Yes. But very tasty and with Herbs and stuff. And what do you do? You just mix, mix it with some orb, put it on a casserole topper, You put it in a pot with some wait, you boil a little water and then you add it to the water, soaks up the water, and then you add like 10 sticks of butter, which is really what drives the whole thing home. Yeah, there you go. And then, yeah, you put it in your mouth directly from the pot typically.


All right. Well this episode is clearly brought to you by Stovetop stuffing instead of potatoes.


Hey, one other thing too, while we're on a tangent. I mentioned Sam Spade earlier. I cannot recommend enough the limited series Miss Shere Spade. Oh yeah. I think it's on Netflix starring Clive Owen. Have you seen it? I Have not. Oh my God, it's so good. But at the same time, I've never seen such a tightly constructed show just come totally off the rails in like the last hour In a bad way. Yeah. I mean ultimately compared to the rest of the show, it's, it's bad, but it's almost like they forgot that they had to wrap it up and they just shot a scene and that was it.


And it was like so totally improbable and just stood out so far from the rest of the series. Yeah. That you're just like, what? But luckily the rest of the series is so great. It doesn't really damage it at all. Oh, Well you led me down the right path with Black Dove, so I'll give it a shot. I'm, I'm really glad you guys liked that. Did you finish it? Yeah. Yeah, It's good. That one fell apart at the end too. You think? Huh? I liked it. Maybe you just don't like things ending. Yeah, I hadn't thought about that. Maybe not. Alright, back to who are we talking about here? Pinkerton, not Stove Pipe or stuffing. So like I said, he was, or like you said, I guess he was buddies with Lincoln pre-Civil War and had gotten to know, what was his name?


William McClellan. The who had become the general That's right. The head of the Union forces. That's right. So that leads us to a story, a pretty major story story early on. Oh, I guess it's not that early on. It's about 11 years into the detective agency, but Pinkerton learned of a assassination plot against President elect Lincoln at the time. Right. And there was a, a barber in Baltimore from, from Corsica, his name was Ano Fini. Very nice. And he wanted to kill Abraham Lincoln when he was coming through Baltimore when Lincoln was on his way to Washington. And Pinkerton, you know, found out about this and was like, you're not gonna kill my buddy, I'm gonna thwart your plan.


Yeah. He did. This was apparently gen like part of a general plan to prevent Lincoln from making it to his inauguration in Washington. Right. Just kill him in Baltimore would've done it. Problem solved. Would've. Yeah. Right. So the, as Lincoln got toward Baltimore, they, they enacted a plan where he was taken off of the train at a stop, I think like Harrisburg or something right before Baltimore. Okay. And he was disguised and he, he basically played the brother of a woman named Kate Warren, who was a, a detective who we'll talk about in a second. And she escorted him on another train through Baltimore that went through at night again in disguise.


No one knew who he was. And one of the things that kind of came out of this story that was so significant was that Kate Warren stayed up all night and watched over Abraham Lincoln on this train ride to Washington DC and that kind of coined this term or this slogan that they adopted. We never sleep and led to the logo, which was this open eye, like the all seeing eyes Yeah. That's watching you, that never sleeps. Yeah. And that, that eventually led to the, just the, the term private eyes, right? Yes. Exactly. Yeah. I imagine Lincoln was a pretty hard guy to disguise now that I think about his height, that mustache list beard and that hat, like, they're probably like, take off the hat to begin with.


They did Very first things First. Get that hat off your head. Right. Get that stove top hat off your head. Yeah. And they got a Sharpie, they drew on a mustache and then they, they probably put him, if they would've been smart, they would've put him like in a, a wheelchair or something, which they may have done as a matter of fact. Right. I saw that he was, I guess the term that you would use today is like he posed as a handicap brother to Kate Warren. Oh, there You go. Oh, oh. And told him to lower his voice. Right. It was a very good meet you. It was very shocking still when everyone saw Lincoln and Daniel J. Lewis came Out like This. Yeah, I know, I know. It was quite a choice.


And only Daniel Day Lewis would've been allowed to do that too. Yeah, totally. Anybody else, the director would've been like, what are you doing? Yeah, exactly. You don't question him. So you mentioned Kate Warren. Is it Warren and not Warn? I think it's Warren. Okay. W-A-R-N-E. She's very notable too, though, aside from just assisting in this plot to save Lincoln, or I guess action to save Lincoln against the plot. She was a, a, a detective like Pinkerton in a very forward-thinking sort of way in 1856, hired her after she convinced him like, Hey, you got, you know, there are things that women can do, places we can infiltrate information, we can get in ways that men cannot.


And he saw the value in that, hired her. And then I think, but four years later made her head of the female detective bureau said they kind of stepped up with some, some women to work in these undercover roles. Yeah. And it's really like, this was unheard of. So 1856 is when he hires her. The first actual sworn police woman that I could find in the United States was a woman named Lola Baldwin. 86 in Portland, Oregon in, yeah, in 1908. Okay. So, wow. Yeah. 44 plus eight is 54, 52 years. Yeah. 52 years ahead of schedule. That's great.


Pinkerton hired a woman and made her a, a very famous detective and Just super smart, you know, 'cause she was right on the money. I'm sure there were great assets to their cause. For sure. You want to take a break? Yeah, Let's do it. Okay.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk that's linkedin.com/ssk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to Strawberry. Do me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, so we're back with more on Pinkerton. The Civil War would begin and Lincoln put George McClellan, who we've, you know, previously mentioned as someone who knew Pinkerton through the railroad business, put him in charge of the army of the Potomac. And he said, Hey, Pinkerton does pretty good work. I'm gonna bring this guy in as sort of a, a, a head spy. We'll call it a a, like a Secret Service division. And he worked under Alan Pinkerton that is worked under the code name major EJ Allen and was pretty good at rooting out spies, but not so good at intelligence gathering and interpretation. No. He rooted out a spying led by a woman named Rose O'Neal Greenhouse, who was a southerner but was still like the toast of Washington DC society.


And she was really running a, a like very sophisticated and very developed spying for the Confederacy. And he found her out, busted everybody. It was a big deal. Yeah. But with estimating troop strength. No, he, he may have single handedly added years onto the Civil War when he told Uhm McClellan, general McClellan that he estimated the Confederates had between I think a hundred or 200,000 troops. Yeah, I saw 200. Yeah. So at the time, Robert E. Lee had 40,000 to 45,000 troops. So he grossly overestimated it.


And McClellan had something like 76,000 troops. So they could have very easily overwhelmed the Confederacy early on. Yeah. Had Pinkerton not overestimated the troops. And had I also saw McClellan didn't vet that information at all. He just took it on face. And by the way, all of you Civil war buffs, If you can go back and unsend your emails, it's not William McClellan. It's George b McClellan. I'm sorry, I misspoke. Oh, I think I said William too, didn't I? Or did I I led you down the wrong path. Okay. So Pinkerton would eventually leave his role in military intelligence. I think this was in 1862 after McClellan who had hired him, was demoted essentially.


He he lost his whatever, not rank role. Huh? Position. Yeah. I guess he lost his position as as, as rank leader or whatever. Jeez. Those are made up of terms Not gonna be emailed by Civil War buffs at all. And then he said, all right, let me go back. You know, he still had his private detective agency. Right. So let me go back to doing that. And I guess we can talk a little bit about some of the other innovations. You know, aside from hiring women to work as, as infiltrators and moles, he, he and I believe we've talked about this in one of our crime episodes. Yes. Did we do one on mugshots or just, I think it came up 'cause it was Criminal databases maybe.


Yeah. Aon Ion or Lon. He, he, in the, I think like the 1840s came up with the idea of mugshots fingerprints using like head measurements to, to Oh yeah. Yeah. Basically create a database of criminals so that they couldn't pose as other people. And I guess that Pinkerton heard about this and brought it to the United States. Yeah. But when he brought it to the United States, he's, he wanted to sort of codify it, I guess, and make it a more usable system and standardize everything. So he, you know, made all the pictures the same size. He essentially made little yearbooks, he made, got handwriting samples and he would make these books and he would send them out and they called it the Rogues Gallery.


And it was sort of the beginning of, of the, you know, the United States criminal database. Yeah. And each picture had a senior superlative underneath it. Oh. So there was like most likely to unnecessarily shoot someone you're robbing in the knee. Yeah. Stuff like that. That's good. I also saw that this was so sophisticated that it wouldn't be until the FBI was formed that something like a criminal database like this would be expanded upon basically. Did you get a senior superlative? I did. Most, most likely to talk about criminal databases. Oh, did I? In, in reality? I don't think so.


No, because my, my senior quote was Leave me Alone. We had fun ones and then real ones, like official ones and I got one of each. Oh, well what were they? I got actually I got two of the unofficial for the unofficial, I got Best Style. Oh, nice. That's really saying something in high school, man. I guess so. I don't, I'm not sure how I won that one actually. And then I got most fun on a date, which was very ironic because I literally dated one person my senior year and I was just the good friend to all the girls that I wanted to date. Wow. I was that guy. But then the official ones that were in the yearbook Best all Round boy.


Geez man. I see you in a different light now. Well, you know, it's pretty, I still gotta have my t-shirt. I'll wear it occasionally. Best All Around, boy. Best All Around boy. I think that's your new nickname. BAA, RB B. Well, best all around technically. Oh, I say all around. But then again I call Stove Top Hats. Well, so Best, best BA Barb. Right? Yeah. All right. Just call me Barb from now on. Okay. Barb. I have a beloved aunt named Barb. Do you? I I do too. Or Emily does so very, she's sort of my aunt as well. Yeah, you can claim her.


All right. So there's another thing that, that Pinkerton did to really kind of help establish his, his agency is like just nationally recognized and also kind of heroes. They were considered heroes across the United States. 'cause they went after bad guys and they usually got their man, they were very persistent and dogged. Sometimes they would pursue criminals for years. Yeah. Like, it wasn't like a Well we tried for a month and we, we gave up. Like they would just keep going until they found the person. They would pursue them into Canada sometimes. Wow. Into Mexico and beyond. And I guess one of the reasons why they were revered is because they had a code of conduct that was like strictly implemented.


It was things like, like we will take no bribes. Sure. Which is a big one at the time. Oh yeah. Probably still is now. We'll never compromise with criminals. Yeah. We will partner with local law enforcement when possible. Okay. This one stood out to me. I thought this was kind of upstanding. They wouldn't take divorce cases or any case that could create a scandal for anybody. Yeah. I thought that was pretty cool. Yeah. Pretty standup. They also turned down reward money and they, he paid his agents pretty well apparently. And this is just sort of business nuts and bolts. But he had a pledge to never raise fees without the client knowing like, in other words, I'm not gonna hand you a bill at the end.


That's not what we talked about. Right. And also would just keep all of his clients very well-informed. He, they had internal rules that were like, I think in the pamphlet, the general principles of Pinkerton's national Detective Agency, they said things like the agent must be of a high order of mind must possess clear and honest, comprehensive understanding, force of will, vigor of body. And you can't drink on the job unless you absolutely have to as assumed assumingly some part of like some mole situation where you're like, Hey, do you want to go to the bar with us? Right. Kinda thing. Or you better drink this rye whiskey or else we'll know you're a Pinkerton man.


Exactly. They also, unless you had a direct order from your superior to, you weren't allowed to use alcohol to get like confessions or anything out of suspects Either. Yeah. Like get someone super drunk. Yeah. Yeah. I mean these are all pretty great like codes of conduct to follow, follow For back then. Totally. Yeah. I, I did not see any stories of like rogue Pinkerton agents or that this was all just a, you know, a whitewashing and they actually didn't, didn't behave like this at all. They do seem to have been pretty upstanding. And then, so the other thing that really expanded the legend of the Pinkertons, and probably in part of why we still understand or know them today is Alan Pinkerton wrote a bunch of books or at least published a series of books under his name.


Yeah. That were like true crime detective stories. Yeah. This would've been in the 1860s, 1870s I think. So this is like the dawn of detective stories, I think. Yeah, I would Think so. I don't remember when Poe wrote Murder in the Roux Morgue. Was that the first detective story? I don't know. But it, I mean, it was, it was early on in the going for sure. It was ahead of its time. Yeah. One, one of the most famous ones was the detective in the Somnambulist. Right? Yes. And that is one in which he as the character and Kate Warren as her character, they catch a murderer, they go undercover of course. And catch a murderer and a bank robber using a Pinkerton agent as always, that posed as a ghost.


Right. To Get a, get a confession. Yeah. I saw there was another one where Kate Warren posed as a fortune teller to get a confession out of somebody. Oh, that's pretty smart. Yeah. But these are like the books that they're saying, like, this was, this is what we did. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, like, if this was even remotely close, it must have been thrilling to have been a Pinkerton detective at this time. Totally. 'cause this is again, when they were just a cause celeb in America and did not have the blemish reputation that they have today. Yeah. And, and a book potentially being like a character in a book would be, you know, back then a sort of tantamount to like they, they made a TV show about us or something. Yeah. And we played like a semi-fictional version of ourselves or something like that.


Yeah, Exactly. One of the other things they were known for Chuck was Nabbing Outlaws in the Wild West, because as the United States expanded westward and the frontier just kept going. It was a wild and raucous and lawless place. You might have a marshal, I know we talked about the marshal service serving as the law enforcement out west, but there it was kind of far and few between. So the Pinkertons filled a real need at the time because one of the first things that developed after the Civil War was train robberies. Yeah. I mean, you got these, like you said earlier, it, it's a pretty good take when you rob a train and You know, you get 'em out in the middle of nowhere, which is kind of the great, the great thing about robbing trains everybody Yeah.


Is you can just, you know, ride your horses up. You've seen all the movies in the middle of nowhere where there's no one around to help. But in this case, the Pinkertons are there. One of the first gangs that they got was the Reno gang. After the Civil War, they started robbing trains in Indiana and Missouri and banks and other places, but not from Reno. But they were the renos John Frank Simeon and William Reno. And in October, 1866, for instance, they robbed the Ohio and Mississippi Express to the tune of $15,000 in 1866 money, which is a huge, huge haul. Were arrested, but they posted bail and then started robbing again, kind of right away trains and banks.


And so the Pinkertons were like, we are on the job. I think the Adams Express company was like, we've had enough, we gotta hire these guys. Yeah. And the two years that the Reno gang was active, they stole about a half a million dollars in 1860s money. Wow. That's incredible. That was a ton of, that's incredible. Of cash. They were very successful. So yeah, they definitely caught the attention of the train companies. Adams Express hires the Pinkertons and they start hunting down the Reno gang. And this is a good example of them just using dogged persistence over and over and over again. They just kind of one by one captured the gang members. The first was John Reno, not John Reno from Twin Peaks.


I had That same joke. They they got him first. Yeah. He may have been the leader as far as I know. They also caught a guy named Charles Roseberry who was a member of the gang. And I don't know know if they were expecting this or not, but the, the locals who were with them when they caught Charles Berry strung them up and hung them right there. Yeah. When they, when they caught him. And I didn't see like what the Pinkertons thought about this kind of thing. Yeah. I mean, I think a lot of those guys were, were lynched and hanged and Yeah. I don't know. I'm not sure if, if, that's a good question actually, if that was, I mean obviously it wasn't his call, but after he hands 'em over, but I wonder if he was like, oh boy.


I mean, how about a, how about a trial at least? Right? This doesn't seem to jive with the code of conduct. Yeah, Exactly. I also saw they recovered about $300,000 in cash in at least one instance. So not bad. You definitely got your money's worth when you hired the Pinkertons to Nab Wild West train robbers. Yeah, I bet they weren't cheap though. I tried to find out kind of how much they were paid. But if he was paying his agents well, which he supposedly did then I'm sure they were not a cheap hire. No. And then things kinda went pear shaped for the Pinkertons as far as I can tell. This was the first time the Pinkerton's reputation took a, a real hit With the James gang. Yeah. They went after the James gang led by Frank and Jesse James.


I didn't know this. Yeah. But they were terrorists, confederate terrorists during the Civil War in Missouri. That's where they were from. And Missouri was this powder keg that actually kind of helped kick off the Civil War because I guess abolitionists and pro-slavery people came together to settle Missouri and they did not get along. And during the Civil War, one of the things that James gang did was murder union supporters in Missouri. Yeah. Not even on the front lines. These weren't even soldiers. These were civilians. They were just running around killing and terrorizing. Yeah, for sure. And you know, after the war, of course, they gained further notoriety by robbing everything in sight, you know, trains, banks, stage coaches, you name it.


And Jesse sort of built up this, oh, what do you call it? Like a sort of a, a legendary status among the, the poor and working class that he was some kind of a, a Robinhood type, even though there's no indication that he was ever like, robbing to give to the poor. Right. But people would, you know, hide him and take care of him and stuff like that for some reason. But at any rate, in 1874, the Pinkertons were hired to catch these guys, Frank and Jesse, and they sent an agent in to, in infiltrate the gang. His name was Joseph Witcher. And he did a pretty good job until they found out that he was an informant and he was murdered, which kind of started the downhill tumble.


Yeah. Alan Pinkerton took this quite personally. Oh yeah. There's a quote from him saying that as far as capturing Jesse and Frank James, there's no use talking. They must die. Yeah. So if they were wanted dead or alive, he was going to bring him in dead. For sure. And in 1875, early on in the year, they went to the James' Family home in Missouri, and Jesse and Frank James weren't home. They'd been tipped off that the Pinkertons a bunch with a bunch of local pro-union supporters were going to be there to capture them. So they weren't there. But apparently the, the Pinkertons and their assistants didn't know this. Somebody, the Pinkerton said this was a local that did this, that they did not do this.


Somebody threw a lantern into the home. I saw in the hopes of illuminating things better. Well, the lantern exploded. Yeah, yeah, exactly. The lantern exploded. Killed their 8-year-old half brother Archie and blew their mom ilda's arm off. Yeah. So they've killed a young boy and maimed an older woman. And the Pinkertons are the ones who took the, the hit reputation wise. Yeah. And after all that, you know, PR work, a lot of that was undone or because of this, basically. But it's not like they shut down or anything. And didn't they go after some other gangs too? Yeah, very famously. They, they were the ones that chased Butch Cassidy and Sundance.


The Sundance kid. Oh yeah. Down to Bolivia. Yeah. With the Boli Army killed them. And they were famous for catching and summarily executing all of the members of the Apple Dumpling gang. Alright, we'll take a break now. Okay. I'm gonna contemplate that joke and we're gonna come back and talk about what the pinkertons were kind of known for from this point forward right after this,


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what, what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us moderate to severe OSA effects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay. So after the Wild West kind of came and went, they got into corporate affairs firmly on the side of the corporation at the time, there was a lot of labor movements, a lot of workers' rights stuff going on. And don't forget, Alan Pinkerton had to flee the UK because he was such a radical labor supporter. Now his agency is the premier security group and labor organization. Im infiltrators. This is what they started doing. And this is where their, the bad name, the blemish on their name that's still around today, really started to develop because they, they would at this point do whatever corporations wanted them to do as long as they paid them.


Yeah. And you know, what corporations generally wanted them to do was bust up the unions, was to infiltrate the companies and bust up unions, which is what they ultimately started doing for, you know, a lot of money. It started out as an employee testing service in 1855 and sort of grew over the next few years. And initially it was like, Hey, let's get some moles in there and see if we can uncover like, illegal activity, people stealing from the company and stuff like that. But then it's, which is, That's understandable. Yeah, totally. But then that sort of expanded and I guess the people hiring 'em are like, Hey, since you're in there, why don't you kinda let us know what's going on and what they're talking about. And like, if they like management, if they're discontented and if they're, you know, most importantly, if they're starting to organize and talk about forming a, a labor society, which, you know, of course would ultimately be a union.


Yes. This became such a, a, a part of their job that the order of railway conductors started warning their members that there's pinkerton's undercover who are watching you. Yeah. And not just watching you to, to see if you're stealing. They're watching you to see If you wanna form a union. And this was the, I mean, this was a terrible direction for them to start to go down because this was such a militant time. Yeah. I mean, there were like anarchists running around, like throwing bombs in the United States. There were labor unions that soldiers were sometimes brought out to shoot. I mean, it was a really rough time as far as like labor and management goes, because there was just this struggle to say, who owns the, the fruit of our labor.


Yeah. You who's paying for the raw materials or us who's actually turning those raw materials into the end product. And maybe it's not one or the other buthuh, I guarantee it's more than the share that you're giving us factory owner. And this, so this struggle became violent and many, many times, and again, like I said, the Pinkerton's landed firmly or started out firmly on the side of corporations and they stayed there. Yeah. We should probably highlight the Molly McGuires. That was one of more famous cases. They were a secret society in Ireland initially, and then in 1860s in Pennsylvania, kind of reemerged from Irish immigrants because they were coal miners there.


And at the time they were facing a lot of discrimination. The job conditions were not good working long hours. They were very dangerous. And they were, you know, a lot of times living in company housing paid in company script that they could only spend at the company store. They were just completely folded into this corporation as almost enslaved people in some ways. You know, ultimately they had their freedom of course. But it was, they were, they were owned by the company essentially. Finally in the 1860s, supervisors started receiving these coffin notices basically from the workers saying, Hey, we're the Molly McGuires and coffin notice means that your time on earth is, is nigh and you're not gonna be around very long.


So the writing was on the wall that things were about to turn violent. Yeah. And it did start to get violent. And I saw that the Molly McGuire started murdering and assassinating some of the, some of the members of the corporation like Foreman Yeah. Who were the, the people they worked with the most directly and who were the most brutal toward them. But I also saw that this was in retaliation for members of the Molly McGuires being murdered first. Yeah. E either way it turned violent pretty terribly. What the Molly McGuires did not know is that there was a Pinkerton man who they knew as James McKenna, but whose real name was James McFarlin, who had spent two years by now working undercover and ingratiating himself with the Molly McGuires, or even beyond the Molly McGuires, just the Irish coal miners who worked in and lived in this area so much.


So he became the secretary of the, the local lodge of the Ancient Order of Liberians, an Irish Catholic fraternal organization. So he really worked his way into it and he got a lot of intel on them and ultimately turned state's evidence and got 20 men executed almost exclusively on his testimony. Yeah, for sure. On charges of murder, arson and kidnapping. 10 were hanged in 18 77, 10 were then hanged in 1878, I guess. And this is one of the most like insider jobs of all time.


I think there was a historian, Harold Arran who said it was one of the most astonishing, astounding, excuse me, surrenders of serenity and American history. Because what happened was Franklin Gowan, who was the guy who ran the company, who hired the Pinkertons to begin with, he was the chief prosecutor. So it, it was all this inside job. These guys were arrested by a private police force, and then the coal company's attorneys prosecuted them. And the, the only thing that, that the state did was like, here, use this courtroom and use our, our gallows or whatever.


And other than that, it was all just a private job to like find and execute these guys. Yeah. Many of whom, who were considered to have been innocent. Right. They were innocent men who were executed again, almost exclusively on James McParland, this Pinkerton man's testimony. And yeah, it was just a, a, a total travesty from start to finish. And Pennsylvania did Pardon one of the men, John Keho in 1979, about a hundred years too late for John Keho. But it was kind of a symbolic thing, saying like, yeah, we, we really screwed up in letting this company essentially form their own court. And trial and executions probably more famous though, is the Pinkerton's role in the homestead strike in Homestead, Pennsylvania at one of the Carnegie steel mills.


Yeah. So in 1892, there was a union contract that expired for that steel company in, in Pennsylvania there in Homestead. And Henry Clay Brick and Andrew Carnegie, a couple of Robert Barons we've talked about in the past, said, all right, we're gonna cut wages back, we're gonna break the, this union, which was the amalgamated Association of Steel and iron workers. And Carnegie said, I'm outta here. I'm gonna leave the country. Henry Clay, Henry Clay Frick got involved sort of doing the, the dirty work on the ground. Yeah. And he said, all right, I'm gonna hire the Pinkertons. We're not even negotiating yet. I'm gonna bring these guys in to, to essentially act as, as guards to lock these people out.


Yeah. And so 300 Pinkertons showed up on July 6th, 1892. They were pulled down the river on barges and they were all armed to the teeth with Winchester rifles and Colt 40 fives and all the modern guns you could hope for. And when they arrived, they were met with I think two or 3000 Yeah. Homestead, not just steel workers, but neighbors. Yeah. Community members. Just people who were supporting the strikers. Angry Too. Yeah. They were really mad. Not just because they, they were in the midst of the strike, but because this private police force had shown up to intimidate them or possibly kill them the way that they were armed.


And so a battle ensued, like there's no other word for it. It was a 12 or 15 hour battle. Yeah. Only a dozen people died. But it That's amazing to me, as violent as this battle was, they tried to, they, or I should say they pushed a flaming train car at the barges to try to kill the pinkertons. Like that was just one thing that Wow. The strikers did. Like it was really violent. Yeah. I mean, it is shocking that only a dozen people died. I guess it's a testament to how bad of a shot they were. Yeah. It really was. Collectively, of course the workers, you know, they, the, they surrendered, the Pinkertons did. 'cause they were just so far outnumbered, even though most of the, I think most of the dozen were the workers that died, but the Pinkertons knew that they were vastly outnumbered.


Yeah. So they surrendered, but the workers lost because Henry, Henry Clay Frick, man, I have a hard time with that one. You Keep wanting to say people, I know Henry Clay people got 8,500 National Guard troops sent in after the Pinkertons left. And of course, you know, they broke the union and said, we're gonna decrease your wages. We're gonna increase how much you have to work. And this just became sort of a, a cyclical thing that was happening. The, the Pinkertons early on, they were pretty good at infiltrating, but when it came to breaking these unions, the federal government would come in with the troops and do a far better job at doing so. Yeah. Because St Strikers typically recognize federal troops as more legitimate than a private police force.


Right. Showing up, you know? Yeah. And just more people with more arms. Yeah. They had Gatling guns like as demonstrated at the end of the wild bunch. That's right. You don't wanna mess with those. So yeah. From those of us, like looking back today, you might think, well that's just what they did back then, which is messed up. But that's just, yeah. That was the norm. Not true. Congress actually investigated this incident. They were like, that is pretty screwed up that you hired the Pinkertons and brought in the National Guard to essentially put this town under Marshall Law. And as a matter of fact, Congress urged states to like pass laws to make it so that corporations couldn't hire Yeah. Private companies to break, to break unions.


And Ohio went so far as to say the Pinkertons themselves are now illegal here. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. So I mean, that really changed everything for the Pinkertons. They're, as far as strike breaking goes, it took a huge hit. Couldn't get a lot of work after that. But they did go on, they did anti-union espionage work. Of course, this is something I never knew at all, was that they, they just, they kept going. They were acquired in 1999 Yeah. By Securitas. And I had no idea that they went on that that much further after Pinkerton's death, after Alan Pinkerton's death. Yeah. They, they trade on the name still for sure.


Yeah. But it's, it's a massive company, I think with like 50,000 employees and, and offices all over the world. But they still use the Pinkerton name. Like you can hire Pinkerton for corporate security. Apparently they'll ride along on container ships to protect against pirates. Wow. They've served as guards at Marilyn Monroe funeral. Yeah. Back in the sixties. I also saw that same year they escorted the Mona Lisa from France to the US Oh. Which is, you know, I think you probably just do that under an overcoat. That thing's pretty small. It is fairly small. And then one other thing where they pop up, and this made me wonder if this is where this idea came from. Apparently they're bad guys in the video game.


Red Dead Redemption too, which I know for a fact that you've played, They very much are figure very heavily into that storyline. If you play the, the story part of that. Is that where you got the idea to do it on them? No. 'cause I haven't played that in a long time. I'm not sure where I got it. It may have been, I don't know. I'm not really sure. They also figure in a bunch of movies. Of course they were in Deadwood, they were in the long riders in the eighties. And friend of the show, Paul Schneider was in the great great movie from 2007, the Assassination of Jesse James by The Coward Robert Ford. And they, the, the Pinkerton's figure pretty heavily in that movie too.


That was a good movie. We should talk about the death of Alan Pinkerton real quick, Chuck. Yeah. It's pretty unusual. He died July 1st, 1884, right before his 65th birthday. And as the story goes, he slipped on a street in Chicago and bit his tongue. Something which I did when I was a kid. I had 12 stitches across the center of my tongue. Put that thing back together when I was like 12. But I did not die 'cause I'm still here. But Pinkerton died as a result of this because it turned gang. Yeah. He wouldn't go get it treated and it just kept getting worse. And that was it for him, man.


Yeah. He was put to rest near his wife. And very interestingly, he also in his family plot buried Kate Warren because he so admired this. The, the first female detective ever hired. He so admired her and her work that he had her buried with him. Huh. She was still alive and was very unhappy about this. But he, he admired her that much. That's super cool. So she's there with, with him maybe, I guess some of his sons are there and his, his wife Joan. Yes. Wonderful. Nice. Chuck, you got anything else? I got nothing else. That's it for the Pinkertons, everybody at long last, and since I said at long last, I just triggered listener mail.


That's Right. There's a little follow up on the GP s episode. Toward the end. I kind of poked fun at Garmin as being something that, you know, like my mom uses and not like a, a more modern system. But it turns out Garmin is still very popular because Deanna sent me an email saying, Hey, a lot of cyclists use this stuff. And I asked her why. I was like, oh, that's super interesting. And I said, do you know why they have, you know, they're used by cyclists are still around in that capacity. And she said, good question. I think there are a couple of reasons why it's still the go-to for GPS. They've been around forever. They've been making GPS for planes and boats since the late eighties, so they had a really big headstart. And then number two, constant refinement.


While others were just starting to develop their products, Garmin was already fine tuning theirs and they had a 20 year head start, so they packed in a ton of extra features. Nice. For example, they introduced the first bike radar system years before anyone else, and the radar still blows the competition away. I even have a buddy, he works for Wahoo and he still uses a Garmin radar. Very nice. Also, Deanna says they built a lot of brand loyalty, especially in the cycling world. Many of us still use them, even though the quality has slipped just a bit in recent years. We don't like using phones on our bikes because they're bulky and drain the batteries really fast, and Garmin just feels more polished and reliable for our needs. Who is that from?


That was from Deanna. Deanna Garmin. Deanna. That's right. Thanks, Deanna. We appreciate that. That was a great email. And If you want to be like Deanna, you can email us too. Send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member fda, you're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.