
Stuff you Should. Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card. Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day. And, you can use those miles on any travel purchase Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels, And rental cars booked through Capital One Travel. Your next trip is closer than you think with the Venture card from Capital One terms apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Have you ever found yourself wondering about your financial future? Whether it's planning for retirement or diversifying your investment portfolio? the answer is JP Morgan Wealth Management with Advisors And Chase branches, And tools like Wealth Plan, And, the Chase Mobile app. They have options for every investor. Visit your local branch or explore the Chase mobile app to get started. JP Morgan Wealth Management offers investment products, And services through JP Morgan Securities, LLC, member Finra s I PC


Welcome, to Stuff you. Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio Radio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh And. There's Chuck And. We're doing It together. Doing it. Doing it. We're just doing It together. And. This is stuff you Should Know. That's Right. I have the rainy day blues, you guys. but we're doing It anyway. We're doing it together. cause Lor rain shouldn't stop. A indoor Podcast Right No. but I'm with you. It's been raining too much lately. And, it's, it can get to you after a while. Yeah. That's s all we'll, we'll, I'll, I'll persevere.


The sun shining in my head. Oh, that's, that's a very pleasant Chuck. It's not true, but it's a nice thing to say. Okay, so That That reminds me of That. you remember when Pebbles And bam bam on Flintstones had like a brief singing career. Oh, Yeah. Wasn't it like let the sun shine in Or there was something there hit single had to do with sunshine. Well, I remember Let the sunshine in. but was That the Brady Bunch Or was That Pebbles? And Bam. Bam. you let the sun shine in something, something with the grin. Hmm. Don don't think It was either of them. It Could be been the Brady. but though, well, at any rate, it just reminded me of Pebbles And.


Bam. Bam. So That did my heart good too. All righty. So can I just briefly say What we're talking about so people don't think this is about the Flintstones Yeah. Although that'd be a fun episode actually. I agree. I. Think That is a future episode. Good idea. all The Shadow Biosphere. Which is to say the, this notion, this theoretical notion. That, perhaps If. you know, we're constantly looking for life on other planets. And, it has been posited. Well, What if there, if That life exists here on Earth, but it just doesn't look at all And. It's not made up of all the things That make up life as We know. It here on earth.


And. So we're just either looking in the wrong places or not recognizing it as something that's alive. Or both And. That's The. Shadow Biosphere this idea. It's pretty cool. Y Yeah It is pretty cool. This I mean the one of the big problems That you run into when you're talking about a Shadow Biosphere or plotting to look for other forms of life. That just don't conform to What. We. Think of as life as We know It. The big problem is, is We don't really have a working definition of life though as life as We know it Like us microbes, birds, like there's not a real definition.


That covers all of them. And, there is one That scientists have agreed to generally settle on. but if people who are into The Shadow, Biosphere, which is to say usually a combination of astrobiologists, And microbiologists, it's where there two fields overlap. And a Venn diagram. That's where The Shadow Biosphere lives. They will say like, this is wholly inadequate. Like There are We need to broaden the horizons. Or else we're never gonna detect anything that's not living. Yeah, And And. I'll tell you What my friend I hope one day during the life of the show, We do find life on another planets. That's significant. So you will stop doing articles about it.


Well, this is so Yeah. Okay, fair, fair. This is a, a pursuit of astrobiology. but the thing That I find the most fascinating is where microbiology comes in. And. They're saying Yeah, this would help us find or look for life off of earth Yeah. but it'll also help us find life on earth. Like the idea That We share a planet with other trees of life. That aren't related to us in any way, shape or form other than We. We share the planet. And. They function in ways similar That life as We know It functions. but we're not related. Yeah I. Think that's neat. I. Think it's totally neat. And. Here's the other thing too, is if And, this is a pretty important note.


If We do find something here on life, on earth, That is like a, a shadow life form of some sort. We're we're probably talking about microbes. Just so people don't get super excited about the idea of Judds being a real thing. That's not a real thing. We're not gonna go, you know, Judds Chds Aren't real. We not, we're not gonna deep go deep down enough to find any cannibalistic, humanoid underground dwellers. Sadly. So What we're talking about here are microbes. And What we're talking about is this idea put forth by a very smart woman named Carol Cland from the University of Colorado. Go buffaloes, And I. Think the way she came about it was like you, you here about like, she came about It.


Honestly, I think this is like one of those times. cause she was in Spain, she was observing some molecular biologists. They were looking for soil microbes, And microorganisms looking through these samples. And, she was like, Hey, And. They went see And. She said, how do you know, like That, you found something new like a new microbe And. They said, well And, I'm not gonna say this in Spanish. 'cause I didn't translate at all. I just know What. Yes is see, but they, they said, well What We do is We. Look until We find something. That looks like it might hold some promise. that We, you know, we've looked at it under a microscope that We put it in a Petri dish.


And. And just grow the heck out of it. and that isolate, its DNA and that look at the genome And see like Hey What does this look like, and that she went, oh, that's kind of cool. but I have another question. It's kinda like Tom Hanks And big, like I don't get It. They're like, she's still here. She said, well What, if it's not related to life on earth, like how would you even know? You're like how to recognize something as being alive. And, they all shrugged. And. She wrote a book about It. Oh see I, imagine them all freezing And. One of them just drops the Petri dish without like just drop. Like they can't believe What, they've just heard they're stunned. Yeah And Covid was in That Petri dish. So, so Carol Cleveland makes a really excellent point.


And, like you said, this kicked off the idea of shout shadow, biospheres And. In fact, she coined That term. but What she's saying is That our process of looking for life would just walk right past anything. That doesn't conform to our understanding of life Right, but That still is living in a certain definition of things. Nailed It. Yeah. So just to kinda step back for a second there, there is a some, there's a consensus among scientists. That life conforms to a few rules. This is the, the generally agreed upon definition of life. It's carbon based check. Anything else is non-living.


you know, you look at a piece of quartz, it's from silicon I, think not living. Great example. Thanks Josh. Okay. It's programmed by DNA And, RNA, right? So It has transcription of it's genetic code. And. That is just, it does not live without That. Those things are built by amino acids, And proteins. Those are the basic building blocks of the organism. It's self-replicating. Very important. and that it also evolves according to Darwinian principles, which is to say That the the best properties And traits are selected for over time.


So If, you put all those things together, you have a pretty good idea about life. but again, this is a really narrow definition. And I, If. you really kinda look at it. You're like, this is, there's a lot of room for other things to function in a manner that's living That. That doesn't necessarily use DNA or RNA. That doesn't use amino acids. They're at the very least the amino acids. That We use And, It It. It might not even be carbon based. Like maybe We can broaden this a little bit. And, that's the pursuit of Shadow Biosphere. Yeah And. Carol Cleland was writing the money. Ri wrote a book. It's really a paper. but you know, she could bind It like a book.


And probably sell It in a store. Sure. but it was called The Possibility of Alternative, alternative Microbial Life on Earth. We're also gonna, you know, talk a little bit about looking on other planets. cause we've talked a lot about That. And. Suffice to say, when we're looking for life on other planets, we're, you know, we're always looking for like an earth-like place where something like life of as We know it could exist kind of in the same way. but she was like, this stuff might be Right under our noses. everybody, right? And. Here's a paper about It And I. Think It was a pretty smart paper. There was a should We talk about the central dogma. I guess Yeah I. Think We need to Yeah. So you know, you went over What, life on earth contained.


but the central dogma is a little more specific. It was first proposed by Francis Crick in the 1950s. That is That, DNA, the nucleic acid. That We know And love has instructions for building all the proteins. That are required for something to be alive. you also have RNA which copies those instructions to take him to the ribosomes, which also exist. cause That reads That, RNA, And assembles everything, all those amino acids to make each protein. And baa bing badda, boom. you have a life, right? And. So you take That process And, you end up with what's called the origin of life.


The, the genis of life here on earth. And, We, Genesis We talked about this. That's the scientific way of saying it. Well, okay, Good, good. Put on my lab coat. We talked about this before multiple times. Remember We did an episode on Panspermia. Oh Yeah. We've don a bunch of episodes. That I. Think this primordial soup came up. And. That's the whole idea. That either in some shallow tidal pool or you know, some warm part of the ocean or some body of water. There was a bunch of the, those basic building blocks of life, amino acids, proteins floating around And That. Somehow a self-replicating process got kickstarted And.


The self-replicating process is considered what's called a privileged function. This idea That the That. This mechanism for creating life was present at the outset. And is still around today. So We, self-replicate a couple others were metabolism. That's another suggestion for the privilege function. That kickstarted life or that compartmentalization like having a, something to hold all of these processes in like a, a bag of guts basically. So one of those they say is What was responsible for kick-starting this process of life. And That. Somehow some way a bunch of chemical reactions started a chain reaction. That became self-sustaining.


That eventually turned into increasingly complex processes. Organelles, And, eventually living organisms, That. That's how life developed. That's the idea behind the primordial soup. That the central is based on. That's right. but in Cleveland's paper she was like, well hold on a second. That's great. What a story. We all love it. We all believe it. but What, if this happened like more than one time What. If It happened multiple times, Right here on earth, Right, there were just different conditions. And different places, different chemicals came together. And, What. If That happened, And. These are the shadow microbes. And What. If this stuff is still there, And, the reason That We haven't found it is cause we're looking for again, for life.


That We understand as being alive, right? And, the ramifications That would have not only to find stuff like That here on earth, but you know this idea. That, when We go out, And look in outer space for life on other planets. Again, we're looking for earth-like, you know, atmospheres, And earth-like conditions. She was like, well What, if we're looking on the entirely wrong planets there Could be stuff that's alive 'cause we're just not looking in the Right places. cause We have such a narrow definition. Yeah And We definitely have found increasingly extremophile organisms. Like for a long time We thought That organisms couldn't survive past a a hundred And 20 something degrees Fahrenheit that We found some extremophiles That can survive around hydrothermal vents.


That That are as hot as 212 degrees Fahrenheit. We're like, okay, that's pretty awesome. but there's, it's still life as We know it, you know, like they're Yeah crazy and there adaptation. but they still function according to the the properties of life. As We know it What Carol Cleveland And. Others are saying is like, okay, we'll keep looking in even more extreme environments. And. Eventually you may find something. That is had to adapt to such an extreme environment. It uses different processes or different raw materials. That life as We know it could not possibly use And. There you have your first shadow. Bio organism I.


Think We should pick a great rest here. A long Rest. We'll be back everybody after this rest.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more And their workout gear designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah Let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause It has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on It. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Everyone's had the experience of calling a business And, just wanting to talk to a real person, not an automated voice. Pretending to be a human right. An actual person who can Listen understand And offer help. And. That's exactly What you can do with Ruby. That's right. Ruby's the virtual receptionist company. That takes care of your callers when you're unavailable or in the middle of something or you simply don't wanna pick up. They can answer screen And, transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments, And more, all while making the people you serve Feel special. That's right And, best of all, It can help you be more productive. For example, nine out of 10 lawyers who use Ruby log more billable hours per day than the national average. Other professionals like plumbers, And, technicians win more customers while being able to stay focused on the job. but whatever kind of small business you run, Ruby is built to save you time, earn you more customers or clients. And, make meaningful connections with the people you serve. Ruby's available 24 7, 300 And 65 days a year. And 100% based in the us. See why more than 15,000 small businesses use Ruby. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


And Lo the podcasters rested Low And that on day two they got on with the show. We should mention, by the way, We did a a, a pretty good episode on extre of files Yeah a while back. So just If, you haven't heard it. You Should. Just look up on the search engine of your choice Extremo files. So you Should Know. Pretty neat Yeah. but back to Shadow Biosphere. you know We mentioned the fact That. you know Carol Cleveland's beating That drum saying What, if it's not something That We recognize 'cause We just don't t recognize It as life, as We know It. and that she started digging in And. She was like, here's the thing. DNA And, RNA aren't the only building blocks of life.


In theory, they are made of base pairs of nucleic acids for DNA. It's a dine cyan, guine, And thymine for RNA. It's thine That is swapped out for urac cell. but There other three are the same. but There are more nucleic. I believe There are six more nucleic acids. That exists exist in nature. So you know, why are We not even considering the fact That, those Could be a part of life in a way. That We don't fully understand Right And first uracil sounds like a over the counter urinary tract infection. Treatment And Totally does And. Secondly, I could not for the life of me And it really looked, find What.


The other six nucleic acids are I. Can't find it Chuck. but in That search I did come across something called the hamo, DNA. Wow. Which is those four at which is always together in gc, which are always together to form those base per nucleotides. That eventually build up into DNA And. They added PZB And S And, well that's them Right? And the well that's four. So there's still two missing Yeah. Okay? But the really interesting thing, That they found is That If. you take If, you rearrange, say the original four base pairs, or you add these other brand new four base pairs.


And run them through a ribosome. The ribosome If you, If, you arrange it correctly. And, they're made of nucleic acids. The ribosome will be like, okay, I'm transcribing this. So it, it's entirely possible they proved That. There it, it's possible That life could have evolved separately from us by using different amino acids, but similar mechanisms. So maybe We are, or Could be in this sense distantly related to them. Like maybe in the primordial soup. but it branched off so early That. For all intents, And purposes, it's, it's non-living life as far as our definition of life goes. Yeah. Well you nice job finding four of those six letters at least.


Thanks. Lets just call the other two. If you Science Yeah. So, so that's how DNA And, RNA Could be, you know, different as We know it. The same thing is true for amino acids. all the proteins are built from the same combination of 20 amino acids. cause when earth formed, those were the 20 amino acids. That in a Darwinian sense were most successful making proteins. That survived when life emerged. There are 500, we're not gonna name 'em 500 other amino acids or more than 500 amino acids on earth. Exclamation point. It's Yeah.


Totally. So it's just the fact That earth started when It did That. Those particular 20 amino acids were the ones That were good at doing. What needed to be don to make things. That survived here. but it Could be been, you know, at a different time. It Could be been any other combination of amino acids. And, they're still out There. Exactly. So a lot of scientists are like, well That just goes to show you That life. As We know, it is the only kind of life if we're using the same 20 amino acids. And, there's s all these others out there. These are the ones That got selected for it. These are the ones That worked in the primordial soup And. Carol Cleland steps forward again with her index finger raised. And says, okay, I can see where you're coming from. but again, as I said before, if life emerged in other places, And other situations under other conditions in the primordial soup, it's entirely possible.


That, completely different combinations of the other kinds of amino acids were the most usable. And were selected for That And. Again, this is how The Shadow, Biosphere Could be started And. Another Petri dish got dropped. And, these guys are starting to second guess undermining car cleland or even attempting to. cause she just keeps facing them over And over again Yeah And. They're like, well how would That have happened? Or how could That happen? She said, Hmm, I don't know. How about, how about a meteor sucker? Sure. cause meteorites have fallen to the earth. And asteroids, That basically plant stuff on earth. That come from another place. There have been meteorites.


That have fallen. That are carrying up to 80 other amino acids. And. Her whole theory is That like What. If this has happened, And, It. Maybe it's happened repeatedly. And again, We just don't know about it 'cause we're not looking correctly. Right? So Yeah the the panspermia episode, That was the basis of it. That Earth got seeded with the, the necessary ingredients for life from space, right? That's right. So there's another peculiar aspect of life as We know it. That doesn't really make sense to us. And, And I don't fully get how it would tie into The. Shadow Biosphere. So If, you do let me know, but, but the best I can understand is That.


cause We don't know It. And cause it's po. Like It just seems like a random arbitrary development in life. As We know it That it suggests things could go the other way. And, maybe they have elsewhere on earth is That how you read It too. Yeah. I. Think so. Okay, just like an example of like, see this can happen. Right. Okay, good And, that's What. I'm taking it as too And. We're talking about ality. And ness is handedness. And Greek You. You're either right-handed or You were left-handed. Or you Could be ambidextrous. but that's neither here nor there. When we're talking about cellular biology or or molecular science, which is What. This pertains to And it.


you make a bunch of sugars or a bunch of amino acids in the lab. Some are going to be left-handed And. Some are going to be right-handed. but as far as life on earth is concerned, only left-handed amino acids. And only right-handed sugars can be useful in as the building blocks of life. So there's right-handed amino acids. And left-handed sugars. but they are completely useless to us. cause all life on earth only uses left-handed amino acids. And only uses right-handed sugars. And We, just don't know why Yeah And.


If this sounds like all guys What, are you talking about here with these hands? It's not hands, it's the direction. That. They're atoms are oriented. Yeah. They talk about it in terms of handedness. I. Think just as a, well I hate to say it is a shorthand. So dumb humans like us can understand What. They're talking about at least halfway Right And. So, cause there's left-handed And, right-handed amino acids, they are mirror images of one another. They're constructed the exact same way. They're constructed with the exact same components to make up these molecules. but they are me images. So If, you overlay them. They're not, they're not twins. s me images.


So in exactly the same way, If, you hold your hands out in front of you. Palms down. So the tops s up And, you just kind of hold one over the other. They're not twins, they're me. Images of one another. And. That's exactly true with amino acids. And sugars, they each have a mirror image. And again, only one kind is useful to life. The other ones just get spit out. So What, if again, under different conditions, at some point in the past there were organisms. That learn to use the other kind. Left-handed sugars. And, right-handed amino acids. That would certainly qualify as a a Shadow Biosphere bio organism.


Yeah And We have syn synthesize these in labs. but what's the deal? What. I don't understand. If they were able to synthesize it, That means That. It did already exist. but it just isn't anything. That was alive. Yeah, I. Don't know exactly. What. They did. They, they built a cell. That uses, right-handed sugars, Amino Acids. Yeah, Yeah, And. They, they I don't know if It was living or not. I don't think It was living or else they would be like, We created artificial life here. I don't think anyone's ever Don That. I think they just created the structure of it. Like if there, if there was something like a cell That used That kind of stuff, this is What.


It would be structured as And. The whole reason they built it was to try to attract things like chiro viruses, That function using the opposite stuff. That. We use for life. It was a honey trap is the way That, they put it Like they take it out to a club. And set It on a bar table. Exactly. And, they're like, hello everybody. You here. Exactly. Right. So nothing came along. And took the bait. but That doesn't mean it's not There. The better argument against things like That living If, you asked me That I ran across is That If. you did have something like That. That could consume other things. It would have No natural predators. It would, it would not be able to be infected by any of the known viruses.


We have. It would be unstoppable. And It would replicate in such an unchecked manner. That It would apocalyptically destroy the food web based on whatever, you know, one microbe, That It feast it on Yeah And. cause that's not happened. There's a pretty good chance That. There's No. Such thing as That Yeah I guess. Now We can talk a little bit about the last universal common ancestor or the Luca, which is the idea That, all life on earth can be traced back to this very first functioning cell. That started the whole party. If We believe in something like The, Shadow Biosphere, there can still be a last universal common ancestor.


I think in terms of What created our life. but We have to consider the fact That. There were multiple genis. That happened at a certain point. And, you know, maybe they just didn't evolve. cause you know, part of That opening four things That We talked about was That things evolved in a sort of the Darwinian sense. That. We recognize, right? but the idea of the shadows biosphere is maybe these things did occur at various sort of calm periods on earth where There weren't, you know, ice ages or It wasn't being bombarded by by asteroids. And, That. They're still There. They just never evolved. They're just sort of trapped. Yeah. That's one. That's one example. There's another explanation.


That, they might be in places We haven't explored yet. Yeah. So like there Could be, you know, life on the surface of earth and that We find microbes s all the way down to some, you know, level And. It gets too hot for them and that it's a dead zone. Well maybe beyond the dead zone. There's these, you know, Shadow Biosphere organisms and that another argument I saw a against the idea. So a lot of scientists are like, sure, it's entirely possible there were different origins of life. but the other one sputtered out. Only ours, right? Continued on. A lot of they, that's not a very controversial idea. What's controversial is That. It didn't sputter out That. They just evolved. And We share earth with them, right? but a lot of the arguments against That state That, okay, well maybe It did make it beyond the sputtering stage.


And. It was, you know, We shared the primordial soup with It, but it got absorbed into us And. Now it's a part of us. but you know, not really anymore. And That misses the point. cause What they're talking about is lateral gene transfer where like say one cell just takes over another cell. And they share DNA from That. Point on. That's totally missing the point. Like That would not be a, a shadow organism. It'd be an early additional ancestor to us. This is stuff That We couldn't possibly have, you know, mixed with to become us or else. It wouldn't be a a shadow bio organism. It would just be another component.


That created life as We know it. That's Right And. Lateral gene transfer was totally an acapella ski group from the seventies. A gospel group. Oh, led by a guy named Gene. Nice, nice Yeah. Wow. It, I've got the record. Not Ma, it's not even a joke. Are You kidding? you were not kidding. Haha. I got you. Oh wow. you did get me. That was good. Chuck. Oh, finally. Super well the seventies were pretty wacky so, Oh goodness. It is a meal. Best serve cold. Do you, do you want to take a break? And, savor That for a little while, Yeah? Sure, let's go ahead. And, take a break. I'm gonna take another nap. And dream about getting Josh and that we'll be right back.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more. And their workout gear's designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause it has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on it. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of It. all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Everyone's had the experience of calling a business And, just wanting to talk to a real person, not an automated voice. Pretending to be a human right, an actual person who can Listen, understand And offer help. And. That's exactly What you can do with Ruby. That's right. Ruby's the virtual receptionist company. That takes care of your callers when you're unavailable or in the middle of something or you simply don't wanna pick up. They can answer screen And, transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments, And more, all while making the people you serve. Feel special. That's right, And, best of all, it can help you be more productive. For example, nine out of 10 lawyers who use Ruby log more billable hours per day than the national average. Other professionals like plumbers, And, technicians win more customers while being able to stay focused on the job. but whatever kind of small business you run, Ruby is built to save you time, earn you more customers or clients. And, make meaningful connections with the people you serve. Ruby's available 24 7, 300 And 65 days a year. And 100% based in the us. See why more than 15,000 small businesses use Ruby. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


all Right Chuck. So We said That or I should say, you said at the outset, That, nobody's looking for, you know, some silicon werewolf or something. Right. Oh man, That'd be great. So, so instead There we're we're looking for microbes. And. The reason That, everybody agrees if there is a Shadow Biosphere, it's microbial life is a couple of reasons. One We could look at a microbe And look right past It. They don't have faces, they don't have tails, they don't have Yeah hair, they don't really have any features. That would really stand out, just visually. We have to really examine them to find the differences That We would be looking for. and that on top of That we've only cultured. And described less than 1% of all of the estimated species of microbes on earth, right?


Yeah. So We have very little understanding in the big picture of the microbial life. We share earth with. So it's entirely possible. We just haven't stumbled upon one yet. but That doesn't mean it's not There in That other 99% of the kinds of microbes on earth with us right now. Yeah for sure. And, you know, we've kind of walked around this very plain statement, but the plain statement is, look where We think or look where We so far think That. Nothing here can live. 'cause That might be a great place to start. you know, if we're like, oh, nothing can live in, in the dead sea microorganisms. cause it's just, it's so full of saline, That, We.


Just know nothing could live. Like, well maybe start there. Or you mentioned earlier the fact That things. We didn't think anything could sustain life greater than like a hundred And, 22 degrees Fahrenheit. but that We discovered colonies of bacteria. That could And. We're like, well that's evidence Right there. That, maybe We should look in like really, really hot places. Really, really cold places, right? Really acidic places, really base places. Any, anything on the list. That says, Hmm, human life can't exist. There, maybe start looking there. What's crazy is when We have looked There We keep finding stuff. That can exist like life That is Yeah doing just fine. There That just should not be there. The best example I found are types of I.


Think slime mold maybe or algae. That. It lives in abandoned uranium mines. So this place is so crazy. Radioactive No life should be able to to survive There And. Yet they think these things are actually taking That radiation, And using It as chemical energy. and that there's also a kind of singular single cellular life That they found growing in one of the abandoned Chernobyl reactors, again, should not be There. Oh wow. 'cause of the radioactivity. but Yeah, these things still conform to the basic principles of life as We know it. The, the point is though is you, you do We will just keep thinking in more And, more extremes.


And, you know, maybe we'll find it like the upper atmosphere is the one that's suggested. cause No life's supposed to be able to live up There 'cause of the cosmic grays, And, the temperature, And, all That stuff. It's just not a pleasant place to live from. What. I understand Yeah and that other people are like, okay, if We keep looking And in these more extreme environments. And, we're just finding life as We know. It, maybe We should look around And, see if We find anything weird in places like right under our very noses. And, one of the big ones, That has been touted is desert varnish. And. This one from What. I can tell is still the jury's out.


Whether it's a shadow bio organism, Yeah or not. Or or not. You're hanging out there like a Chad. So Yeah, if you've ever been out to the, to the desert in the United States, if you've ever driven around like Utah or Arizona, maybe even Colorado, maybe New Mexico, you might've been driving along. And seen like a, a very sheer sort of cliff face And within That cliff face. you might be like, oh, that's That this weird sort of shiny dark area of It. They're always really arid environments. Indigenous peoples used to create petroglyphs.


So instead of like, you know, writing on something, they would scrape away That varnish to make their art for the original lighter colored earth underneath it. but you I mean I've seen these things in person. I've driven by It. And. it just I didn't know What, it was I, just figured it was dark rock or something, right? but it's called desert varnish. And scientists have been fascinated for a long, long time. One reason is cause it grows about the pace of a width of a human hair. Every millennium And, cause That happens so slowly. They were like, well this is just a geological process that's going on. Maybe the, the sun hitting it, some sort of chemical reaction takes place.


but they found That. That's, it's actually a living thing, right? Th they don't know there's No geochemical process. That accounts for it. There's No biological process. That accounts for it. They just don't know. It's largely manganese in nature. but the problem is That, it's not drawing manganese out of the rock. Like a lot of these rocks don't have any manganese or have such chase amounts That. It certainly wouldn't account for this desert varnish. So they just don't know how this stuff is growing or What It is, but it's probably the greatest contender Right now for a shadow organism from What. I can tell like, like they're like, well that it must be a geochemical process.


We just don't understand And. It's like maybe What you're calling geochemical is actually life in a different manner. Yeah I I guess just said the theory. That, it's alive. That, it's biochemical Yeah. There was also one That was like We founded everybody. We found the shadow organism And. It went downhill from there. Back in 2010, Yeah That was GFAG dash one. That is a bacterium. That was found in Mono Lake, California And. They were like, well this bacterium is really weird cause it doesn't, it's not sort of playing by the rules. That We understand. cause it you, if you're gonna be a living thing to make DNA And RNA, you need phosphorus And.


it doesn't look like this thing is using phosphorus. It looks like it's using arsenic, which would be a huge, huge find And. So they thought GFAJ dash one, you're, you're the dude And. Everyone was really hot on this idea and that they did follow up experiments. And very sadly found out That It used very, very, very small amounts of phosphorus And. It just wasn't instantly evident. So they were like all Right, just another extremo file. That's That We understand Yeah. Now We know And. That's so cool And. That's another benefit of it. Like we're finding stuff We. 'cause we're out looking for shadow life. We're finding other life still too.


So that's I mean. It's not like they're like, oh another theophile. It's never been seen in, in the history of humanity. Just ju it. That's an interesting way. That. you pronounce That. I've been in my head pronouncing it gage uno. So, okay, oh let's, let's move on. Let's move on to life with the y Chuck. cause it think That. That's, that's a good next place to start. Yeah. There's a guy. Well here's the idea. Is That like Hey? Maybe there is just We should just accept the idea. That. L I. FE isn't all We Think It is And.


Maybe it's broader than That. And maybe. Or maybe We. Just need another definition. LYFE. And. I. Think That was put forward by an astrobiologist named Stewart Barlett. Not Barlett, just Barlett. Sure. And. He said well maybe That is the, the LYFE definition is just any system. And. This is a quote, any system That fulfills s all four processes of the living state, namely dissipation, auto catalysis, catalysis, Either one, catalysis Homeostasis, And learning Yeah. So just to get into it real quick, dissipation means That. It dissipates energy or something like waste byproducts like heat.


That's a big one. Or else it'll overheat, And die or it will never poop out its food. And will die from That. That's it's s just a really easily overlooked component of some an organism. That can keep going also, it needs to be able to make more copies of itself. That's That, autolysis, catalysis, auto catalysis. Sure, that's, that's important. cause What it's doing is it's creating a process. That creates another version of itself. And also a product. That triggers That process over again. So it can just keep going. It also has to be able to maintain homeostasis so it can't just go totally haywire anytime Yeah, you know, somebody nearby coughs and that.


Lastly, it's gotta be able to record information about the environment. Like this is how you keep from going haywire. When somebody coughs And, it can be encoded in some way, shape or form. So it can be passed on to the replicants of itself. Yeah, That's life with a y And. I think that's the exactly the kind of broadened definition. That. We need And. The other thing about life with a y That includes life with an eye. Yeah like life as We know it And just saying life with an eye is so much less clunky than life. As We know it And, it's It falls under a larger umbrella. So it's a broader definition. That includes life as We know it, but also potentially includes members of The, Shadow Biosphere as well.


Yeah And What. This potentially means is if there is life with a y here or elsewhere. That means That kind of anything is possible It. It doesn't mean That Hey, there's intelligent life out There, but it doesn't mean there's not I mean. It would certainly kind of interest toward That idea in a, in a very real way if We found That. There is a different kind of life. We just never understood before here or elsewhere. There's a astrophysicist named Paul Davies. Really smart guy obviously who has don a lot of scholarship work about intelligent life elsewhere. And, he talks about timing a lot. Like you know, earth happened the way it did.


And, this is kind of like What We touched on earlier Earth happened the way it did cause of the timing of it all. We've been around for about four And a half billion years. And We won't be around in about a billion years. Like the, the earth will be scorched basically by the sun And. it was just sort of cosmic luck That, everything evolves when it did as it did. cause there's a kind of a short window in the grand scheme of things. but between, between when something starts happening, And being able to get to the point where you have like intelligent life, like human beings And the planet being scorched or being blasted away by a large rock Yeah. So Paul Davies argument kind suggests That life is probably pretty rare if not singular.


Yeah like the only We We do know. That life emerged once in the entire universe. That led to us And all life as We know It, but that's it. We don't know That life emerged anywhere else any other time, including on earth. And. That's one of the things That would make detecting a Shadow Biosphere so amazing is It would it? It would essentially immediately say the universe is teaming with life Yeah. If life developed two different ways on the same planet. That strongly suggests That. Not only is there life elsewhere in the universe, but That biology is as immutable, a cosmic or universal law as physics or chemistry, right?


That, If. you have even just a a few components put together. That That gives rise to life. Biology's going to take over. And life will arise. That's ultimately the most exciting thing That gets scientists jazzed about looking for The. Shadow. Biosphere is What. The implications it will have about us sharing life elsewhere in the universe. Yeah, totally Pretty cool stuff. Huh Yeah. I like it Chuck. I'm glad That We did this. Thanks for doing it with me. It was fun. We got through it. Yeah We did well since We got through It everybody. That means it's time for listener Mayo.


I'm going to just read this one from Joel cause it's kind of a just a fun little, little ditty. Hey guys. Well I guess not a ditty. It's a story. First off, I, wanna say thanks for all the work you do to create a enjoyable And informative Listen to experience. I've been a casual listener since 2018. And, your show has positively redirected the course of my day or staved off boredom through long winter nights cause it live on Salt Spring Island BC off the coast of Vancouver Island. Wow. And work at a golf course. There Today I was mowing the fairways on a wet And. Dreary morning I put on the Manson murders. Podcast And relax into my work. Partway through Dennis Wilson came into the story. And Chuck mentioned his solo album, I Think it's called Pacific Ocean Blue, maybe I Don't Know.


I think so. Great record, feeling a little Low. I decided to pause the Podcast And Listen to the full album. I Listen to all the songs. As I continued my Mo lines, truly a wonderfully enjoyable album. Thank you for That excursion into the music. Once the album finished, I Listen to the mower for a few minutes and that resumed the Podcast And. The first words and here are Chuck saying eventually they leave Dennis Wilson's house And. it chuckled as I genuinely felt I had just been in his house myself. Neat. Anyway, short little story for me. Thank you for the years of entertainment. Keep up the great work. That is from Joel And. Joel sent a picture of That fairway mode while Listen to to Pacific Ocean Blue And.


Joel It is a beautiful golf course. And it would love to play it one day. Oh, very nice. Yeah, you're, you're a golfer. I, forget That. Sometimes I am. I'm not very good, but it enjoy putting the phone away for five hours. And And walking around with my buddies in the sunshine. Very nice. Well thanks a lot Joel. Much appreciated We love stories like That, And, If. you wanna be like Joel, send us an email. Send it off to stuff Podcast at iHeartRadio dot com Stuff you Should. Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have It all in the heart of It, all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety. And deficiency, Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry, And capable, affordable Corolla. you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com, the official website for deals. To find out more Toyota, let's go places.


CBS Thursday. Hi again. TV's Quirkiest Crime Solver. I'm Elle's. S I. Work with the police is back. And. Ready to go toe to toe. Yes with a cavalcade of guest stars. you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't Mrs a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary. That sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS. Thursday at ten nine. Central And streaming on Paramount Plus.