(1s):
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the super cool edition, another, another edition in our ongoing New York saga to explain every single building or theme or trend in the entire city of New York. I Feel like these are always me, so I'm sorry if I'm foisting these. Well, you love New York. I do. Do you know the t-shirt told me to?

(42s):
That's right. Oh, I thought it was iHeart New York. Is that what that means? Yeah, I get it now, But it's iHeart New York. It didn't say U Heart New York. I took it all wrong, but now I'm, I love that city, so I want to know more about it. It is a very cool city and this is a cool place it in the city's history for a long part of the city's history actually. Yeah, The Chelsea Hotel, which little known fact is actually supposed to be called the Hotel Chelsea. Yeah. And I could not find where, who first turned it around. 'cause surely it was a poet or a singer or something, a writer.

(1m 22s):
But at some point it got basically transversed, even though the official name is and always has been since it was a hotel. The, the hotel Chelsea. Yeah. It can be a little confusing. Same place though, so don't sweat it. So you can say either one, but Wait, wait, wait. You want to talk confusing? Okay. There's a Marriott Renaissance Chelsea Hotel. Oh God. In the same neighborhood. I, I mean I could see myself accidentally booking that and being like, this place is a little more put together than I expected. Yeah. I mean Chelsea is a neighborhood and every hotel in there is a hotel. Chelsea. Yeah. Or a Chelsea Hotel rather.

(2m 2s):
I love Chelsea. I think that is one of my favorite neighborhoods in New York, if not my, my favorite. We stayed there a bunch of times when we went and visited New York And Chelsea. Yeah, I like it as well. And I have stayed at the hotel Chelsea a couple of times. I have too, but, oh yeah. Yeah. But that actually answers the question that I had. I was trying to figure out where you came up with this as a topic. I would've guessed that Taylor Swift song, the Tortured Poets department. Okay. 'cause she mentions it in, in there. That's, I guess not where, that's not what inspired you to do this. No. Claude Dylan, if anybody I gotcha.

(2m 43s):
No, I mean I from staying there semi-recently and that's the great thing about our job, it was like, yeah, I wish I knew a little bit more about this place. And here we are. Yeah. What'd you think of it At the hotel? Yeah. Well, you know, as, as you'll learn If you don't know, The Chelsea Hotel was renovated over the course of many, many, many years after being closed for those renovations. We'll get into all the ins and outs of that. But I, I thought that it was a top-notch renovation that, from what I've read, even though it's a, it's a fancy, fancy pants place now everything I've read says that they did a very tasteful job. In fact, let me read, in fact, so I'm not just talking outta my butt, but one of the people in a, the New Yorker or something that wrote about it, said it presents itself subtly and doesn't scream.

(3m 33s):
I've changed do largely to the fact that the building was landmarked in 1977. So many elements such as its facade and famous stairwell cannot be changed in accordance with this landmark status. Current owners instead have worked with it and around its physical history and the enhancements are fitting nice. 158 rooms in 15 room categories from 200 square feet to 1700 square feet. And there you go. Well, yeah, and that's great that they did a good job with it. 'cause people all the way back to the 1940s with Edgar Lee Masters, the poet author of Spoon River Anthology, who lived there for a while was worried about the, the, the gist of The Chelsea Hotel being stripped away by new owners.

(4m 25s):
And it's changed hands a few times, but it's also stayed in really capable hands for decades. And those capable hands, as we'll see, helped give The Chelsea Hotel. Its its own, like its very famous vibe. Yeah. And I'll, I should also say too that a, a lot of people I'm sure think it's an abomination and a lot of times he's of the same people that were like, you know, times Square was better or New York was better when it was a dirt bag city crumbling and, and you were as likely to get mugged walking the streets or spray painted on If you stood still for too long as anything else. Yeah. So based on what we'll learn about what went on in The Chelsea Hotel, I think it's very telling how dangerous New York was at the time that almost to a person when they interviewed residents years later, they say they, they felt safe in The Chelsea Hotel.

(5m 18s):
And The Chelsea Hotel was as crazy as a, a place could get. And yet it just goes to show you how much more dangerous it was outside of The Chelsea Hotel Yeah. In New York at the time. Yeah. It seemed to have a very familial quality to it. Right. Yeah. And for good reason. So let's, let's jump back to the beginning when it was built, first of all, it's right there at West West 23rd Street in the Chelsea neighborhood and it started in 1884 as the Chelsea Association building nuts and bolts. It is a 12 story building. It was one of the taller buildings in New York at the time. It is Victorian gothic. It is a beautiful, gorgeous building. If you look at it from across the street, it's just one of the, one of New York's greatest landmarks designed by architect Philip.

(6m 4s):
Is it Hubert? Or Hubert? I'm gonna say Hubert. That's what I would say. Alright, We'll go with that. And Hubert designed it on the philosophy of a French philosopher that he was a fan of, of named Charles. What is it? I think Fourier Fourier who is a utopian socialist and kind of thought this concept of a co-op of a community should work in co-ops called es. And that's what the Chelsea started out as was one of the first housing co-ops in New York City where If you live in a co-op, then you own a share of that building along with all the other owners and you also are responsible for the monies that help maintain and keep up that building.

(6m 44s):
Yeah. It's all fun and games until you need a new roof. Yeah, exactly. So Hubert actually followed ER's vision and turned the Chelsea into not just the co-op, but an attempted socialist utopian paradise where you, it, it wasn't just for the wealthy, like the, it was, I think, I don't know If you said it or not, it was one of the tallest buildings in New York at the time. So it was a very Tony address when the building opened. And yet he set apartments aside for some of the people who had built the building. Like some of the electricians, if there was such a thing at the time. Some of the plumbers, some of the carpenters, like they had shares, they were able to live in this co-op because there was room made for them and there was also room made for artists and musicians and writers.

(7m 35s):
And the point was to, for everybody to kind of rely on one another. So If you needed plumbing help, you could pay your plumber in, you know, a painting or something like that if your plumber would accept it. It everybody was meant to depend on everyone else and be kinda self-sufficient as a unit. Yeah. Not so big into abstract, but yeah, sure. I guess Are you going places Right? When are you going to die? Yeah, Exactly. There are also in that very first iteration, and this is very key, you mentioned artists, but there were the, the top floor had 15 artist studios up there and that really kind of carried on throughout the history of the Chelsea until most recently.

(8m 18s):
Yeah. That version of the Chelsea was about around for about 21 years. It went bankrupt in 1905. Some of those residents stuck around and then the rest became a hotel. And the Chelsea for decades functioned as a place where you could stay there as a hotel, you could stay there for a month, you could stay there for a week, like weekly and monthly rates, or you could be a resident and live there. It's a very unique situation. Yeah. And so the rooms also apparently were fairly cheap, especially for a luxury place, a luxury building. So If you were up and coming or starving artists, you could still probably afford a place there.

(8m 59s):
And because it was created to house artists and talent of all different kinds, it was automatically attractive. It was, it just kind of became a place where art was created. Not just a place where artists could live. There was a longtime Chelsea resident named Harry Smith, who I saw described as the archetypal bohemian trickster figure. And he's just Chelsea Hotel through and through, from what I could tell, he said that the hotel exuded atmospheric vibrations that attracted artists and also helped produce great art. So like the building itself and the vibe that was in it led to better art than maybe would've otherwise been produced.

(9m 42s):
At least according to Harry Smith, who was a trickster apparently. So he might've been lying. And also, you know, the human brain works in funny ways and once a place and gets a reputation is at you go in there. And that in itself, you may think you're being inspired just by being there and that ends up inspiring you. You know what I mean? Yeah, for sure. For sure. I think a, some people though I'm not gonna name names, but I think over time some artists who stayed there have wanted to kind of capture what that hotel does and maybe bit off a little more than they could chew. I think I know who you Are talking about. I think you should second have a second thought or two if you're like, I'm gonna make an ode to The Chelsea Hotel where there's a song, a movie, doesn't matter.

(10m 26s):
I know exactly what you're talking about. We're not talking about O Henry though, who stayed there a lot. Or Mark Twain who stayed there a lot. Or Sarah Bernhard who stayed there when she came to New York to perform. Yeah. Those were all like frequent guests in those early years. There were, there were artists, you know, very famous artists at the time, occupying the, those artist studios on the top floor from the very beginning. They even held some Titanic survivors in 1912. That's where they went when they were, when they were brought in shivering in the cold. Yeah. Which is pretty cool that they opened their doors to them. I'm sure other hotels did too. But I thought that was neat. Yeah. And we should say these artists that were staying here, oh, Henry was hiding from creditors.

(11m 9s):
Yeah. When he stayed there, John French Sloan, he was a member of the Ashcan School of Art, which made its name by showing some of the grittier, more dismal side of New York life, which is totally contrary to the zeitgeist. And so the artists were avant garde basically throughout the entire history of The Chelsea Hotel. The artists working there were like the vanguard of the avant garde. Yeah. And like bohemian, you'll hear, hear those words throw out a lot when you, The Chelsea Hotel is described and or its tenancy over the years They were Czechoslovakian to a person. Right.

(11m 50s):
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, Thomas Wolf was a frequenter there. In fact he died, he spent the last years of his life there in room 8 29 writing things like, you can't go home again. And he died very young though from tuberculosis at the age of 37 and was known to kind of, you know, pace the halls looking for inspiration or that next paragraph or sentence. Yeah, I saw that somebody said he ran out into the street one night at like 3:00 AM and shouted that he'd written 10,000 words in one day. That's great. That's pretty substantial. And Thomas Wolfe also, not to be confused with Tom Wolfe. No, No. He was an influence in his own right.

(12m 32s):
He influenced the beats mainly through Jack Kerouac. He influenced the new journalists. So ironically Thomas Wolf influenced Tom Wolf. Yeah. And in fact, there's a story that fear and loathing from Fear and loathing in Las Vegas and at the Kentucky Derby that Hunter Thompson took that from a Thomas Wolf story. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's pretty cool. We still haven't done one on Hunter s Thompson either. No, he might be undoable. You know how, remember the time we did that live show, it was the worst idea where we did how humor works and we realized partway through in front of a live audience that explaining humor is like the least funny thing you can do.

(13m 17s):
I don't remember that. Was that a like a, a tour show or was that like for a, It was a pod fest. Was it really? Yeah, in LA years back. Ooh, I blocked that one out. Yeah, I don't remember anything about it either. So you mentioned a lot of people have, you know, done their os to the hotel, whether it's movies or songs or whatever. Perhaps the first one was a guy named Edgar Lee Masters lived there from 31 to 44 and wrote a poem called The Hotel Chelsea. So he kind of got the ball rolling. Yeah. And he's the guy I was saying earlier who wrote Spoon River anthology. That was Yeah. Worried about it being, about it losing its, its vibe. Well, Let's read this first couple of lines then, Anita Dunno who that is, but he's writing it to Anita soon this Chelsea hotel will vanish before the city's merchant greed wreckers will wreck it and in instead more lofty walls will swell.

(14m 13s):
Yeah, There you have it. Yep. So this was the forties, I'm guessing this was 1943 when the, when it changed hands, I think for the first or second time and was finally turned into the hotel Chelsea. But he had very little to worry about because it got even more avant-garde after that. Yeah. It, you know, it's kind of had its ups and downs as far as how, I mean nice. It was, I guess it fell in pretty hard times after World War ii, but it was always, you know, Dave described it as gruff, but lovable. I mean, it never lost that charm it seems like. Yeah. Even at its ies, Dylan Thomas, the, the famous author was a, a heavy drinker as I think everyone knows, he drank himself to death there at the Chelsea in 1953.

(15m 2s):
And they have a plaque. They don't have plaques for everybody, but there's a, a Dylan Thomas plaque. Dylan Thomas lived and rode at The Chelsea Hotel and from here he sailed out to die. Yeah, I read that on the day that he fell into a coma that eventually he died from. He said, I've had 18 straight whiskeys. I think that's the record. It's gotta be. Yeah. So yeah, Dylan Thomas was one of the ones whose death really kind of, I don't quite know how to put it, but there's, there's certain aspects of The Chelsea Hotel and tragic figures dying in it. Is is part of that, that's an aspect of it in and of itself.

(15m 43s):
And Dylan Thomas kind of set the tone for that, right? Yeah. Immortalized maybe. Sure. So he, he became, he helped make The Chelsea Hotel famous in that respect by dying as a tragic figure. There other people are just kind of famous and because they stayed in The Chelsea Hotel, it kind of gives it a little more props. Like Jackson Pollock, he lived there for a little while. Little known fact. The CIA paid his rent. Oh really? Virg. No, I'm kidding. Virgil, have you ever heard the theory that the, that Uhuh, the CIA was behind the abstract expressionist movements to make the United States seem more intellectual to the Soviets? No, but that makes that joke a very deep cut.

(16m 24s):
So I don't even feel bad this time. Okay. For falling for it. Right. So there are other people too that you may not have heard of, that I hadn't heard of, that were longtime residents that really kind of gave it like legitimacy. There was a music critic and composer named Virgil Thompson who was apparently just incredibly prolific. He lived there for 50 years and died in room nine 20. Larry Rivers, he's considered the godfather of pop art. He lived there for about a decade. And when you put all this together and then also bring in tours, 'cause don't forget this is a hotel that some people are living in for decades, but there's also people coming and going.

(17m 6s):
And then you also throw in rich people who are basically just trying to hang out with Avantgarde artists even though they have no artistic talent themselves. It's just the crowd they want to hang with. You put all these people together and you've got like who you would see If you went into The Chelsea Hotel. Yeah, exactly. Alright, we should take a break and we'll come back and talk about David and Stanley Bard right after this.

(17m 47s):
Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.

(18m 44s):
You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy. But for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry. Do me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.

(19m 47s):
There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(20m 56s):
Okay. So I said earlier that The Chelsea Hotel was incapable hands for decades and those hands were initially David Bard. Then after that his son Stanley Bard. And between the two of them they took Philip Hubert's vision of the socialist utopia, but really the really artsy part of it and just went to town. I saw it described as Stanley Curated who lived in The Chelsea Hotel. It wasn't like, Hey, I've got some money I wanna live here. You, you basically had to be vouched for by another avant-garde artist that probably already lived there.

(21m 36s):
That was a good way to get in. Yeah. And this, I found this funny little fact that, you know how little things can change history. David, in 1943, the elder Bard, he got together with some other investors to buy the hotel out of foreclosure. And the, the reason he did that is because he was a furrier who was allergic to fur and couldn't take it anymore. So the reason The Chelsea Hotel, one of the reasons that it kind of stayed that thing is 'cause when David Bard took the reins in 1943, he, he kept that spirit alive with the artist and like taking a painting in lieu of rent. Like had it gone to just some money hungry, greedy people, it may have completely changed in 1943 and we wouldn't even be talking about it today.

(22m 24s):
Right. So had he not been a fur or allergic to fur it, it may have been a completely different scene there, but he ran the hotel until he died in 64. And like you said, Stanley, his son took over and Stanley Bard was great. He was, I I, I've got a pretty fun, like apparently there was never any like problem he couldn't handle. Right. He was known for being able to handle like whatever weirdness was going on there at the time. And Arthur Miller, when he was divorced from Marilyn Monroe, lived there for a period of years and wrote a lot about The Chelsea Hotel. And here's one good example about Stanley Bard. Arthur Miller called down after being so frustrated with how disgusting his carpet was, said, for Christ's sake, Stanley, don't you have a vacuum cleaner in the house?

(23m 11s):
And he said, of course we have lots of them. He said, well why aren't they ever used? He said, they're not used Stanley, you know gd Well that you don't use them. I've never heard such a thing. Why don't they use them? Or you're asking me why they don't use them? Well you're the one who brought it up. Look Stanley, just get a vacuum cleaner up here and let's just forget this conversation. Please, fine. How are you otherwise? Truthfully, there is no, otherwise all I am is a man waiting desperately for a vacuum cleaner. And then Arthur Miller said, and then he would laugh, grateful for another happy tenant. And that was like, nothing was like ever wrong, right at the Chelsea. People were dying and being wheeled outta there and overdoses. And he would make jokes at like, no, the cops were here 'cause 'cause they lived there and the body bags and the gurneys are just props.

(23m 58s):
Yeah. So apparently Milosh foreman, a true bohemian, he lived at the Chelsea from, I think for like the early seventies, about the first half of the seventies. And he asked Stanley once if anyone had ever died, I, I believe to basically get him to admit Yeah, yeah. Because there, there were a lot of deaths, whether it was by suicide, murder, overdose, mattress fires, overdoses. Yeah. And it was just well known that there were a lot of deaths that happened in The Chelsea Hotel. So Milosh Foreman asked Stanley once, if he could think of anybody who ever died there and he could only come up with one person.

(24m 38s):
And he was a painter named Faus Cole. That's Funny. He died in 1988, the oldest man in the world. At 112 he died at The Chelsea Hotel. And that's the one person that Stanley could think of. And the entire time that he was running The Chelsea Hotel. Yeah. And Stanley ran it for 40 years after his dad died. But like I said, his dad had the same attitude. They asked David, the elder barred, why he didn't ever evict a tenant who apparently was playing the drums and everyone was complaining and it was even driving him nuts. And his answer was, I like people. Yeah, Yeah. It was cool. Like you could get away with, from what I saw, you could get away with basically anything up to murder essentially.

(25m 21s):
And Stanley would put up with it because that was the, that was the rhythm that his father had kind of laid out. And If you want to cultivate an avant-garde artist colony in the middle of New York, you're going to have to do that or else just give up 'cause it's not going to work otherwise. Yeah. The, I gotta read this other Arthur Miller quote is pretty good too. He said the Chelsea, and this is by the way from the Chelsea affect A-F-F-E-C-T about the Bards. He said the Chelsea, whatever else it was, was a house of infinite toleration. Yeah. This was the Bard's genius I thought to have achieved an operating chaos, which at the same time could be home to people who were not crazy.

(26m 4s):
Yeah. Which I don't know who those people were. Yeah. I saw Matt as a hatter. Used more times in a oral history of The Chelsea Hotel than I ever have anywhere else. Yeah. Just about everybody there. Yeah. Yeah. So my favorite Arthur Miller quote, by the way, is these pretzels are making me thirsty. Right. It's a great one. Yeah. So let's jump into the sixties and seventies. 'cause that's when the Chelseas seemed like it had some of its most notable events in residence, even if they were part-time. My, my favorite guy, Bob Dylan stayed at the, Chelsea stayed in room two 11 for about three years, you know, off and on.

(26m 46s):
'cause he was going up to Woodstock as well. But 61 to 64 is when he was hanging out with Ginsburg and, and doing his thing. He wrote most of if not all, of Blonde On Blonde, which is his seventh album. And very specifically in the song Sarah, which was about his wife, his first wife, Sarah that he married in 65. There's a great line in that song. Storms are Brewing in Your Eyes No different, Sarah. Oh, okay. This one is very scathing tough song. Bob Dylan was the champion of the Antsy Love song. And this is kind of one of them. But he said, he writes about staying up for days in The Chelsea Hotel writing A Sad Lady of the Lowlands for you.

(27m 26s):
So he references another song on the same album in Sarah that He wrote. Yeah. It's a, it's a song to his ex-wife. And he said basically, I remember staying up for days writing Sad Lady of the Lowlands for you. Yeah. And no time is a good time for Goodbye. Have you seen the Dylan movie? Do you care about that at all? No. Yeah. Gotcha. So, but yeah, that was pretty seminal. I mean that's one of his biggest albums. Right. And I saw that at the time too, that Bob Dylan and Andy Warhol went basically head to head over Ededie Sedgwick, who also interesting. Stayed at the, The Chelsea Hotel and apparently that was the end of Andy Warhol and Ededie Sedgwick's Red Hot, I don't know what you'd call it.

(28m 15s):
Not a romance, just interaction relationship. I don't relationship. Sure. We'll just go with that. But it was something other than that, and it lasted less than a year, but apparently Andy Warhol was so jealous that Ededie Sedgwick had become totally obsessed with Bob Dylan, who may or may not have returned her advances. It just depends on who you ask Bob Dylan says no. Hmm. That, but Andy Warhol lost because Bob Dylan was at the time, like basically the biggest person in like alternative culture, the counterculture at the time. Like even more than Andy Warhol was. Yeah. Like he was just huge.

(28m 57s):
And it's kind of, it's kind of difficult to overstate what a big deal this very big person was doing living and working in The Chelsea Hotel. Like what it did for the Chelsea Hotel's reputation. Yeah, for sure. And it's also mind blowing to know, while Bob Dylan's up there in room two 11 literally typing out one of the seminal albums of all time at the same time Arthur C. Clark is adapting the screenplay for 2001, A Space Odyssey on a different floor in a different room. So like these kind of creative, you know, and, and Andy Warhol is in there shooting parts of Chelsea girls. Like stuff was really, really happening. It didn't earn its reputation, just, it wasn't overblown at all, you know?

(29m 40s):
Right. No, another really famous thing that happened around that time was from Edie Sedgwick. She set her mattress on fire. Yeah. And On purpose, I think, Was it on purpose? Because this was not her first apartment fire. Yeah. I, I I think it was on purpose. Okay. So it's possible this is a very turbulent time for her. Yeah. And she could have been heartbroken over Bob Dylan. She could have been upset. Andy Warhol had turned his back on her. I know the previous apartment fire in a different building was because she had shot up a speedball and the cigarette fell out of her mouth and onto her mattress and set her, her her house on fire. That's kind of on purpose too, In a way, I guess so.

(30m 21s):
Yeah. But that kind of leads me to, to something, there's something that just doesn't show up in the histories. I mean, here or there, it kind of comes up, but I think it's really understated the effect that it had on the community that developed in The Chelsea Hotel from the entire time that the building was open. Yeah. And that was drugs, drugs, drugs, drugs, drugs, drugs. Yeah. Like so everybody from Sarah Bernhardt, the French actress to Bob Dylan and beyond. I, I wouldn't put it beyond Ethan Hawk. He lived there for a while. Yeah. So I mean, the club kids like the, with the capital C and the capital K in the eighties and nineties.

(31m 3s):
Yeah. Like some of them lived there and they were definitely doing drugs there. Like they're, it was just a really big part of the experience of, of living at The Chelsea Hotel. It was like essentially one of the muses that was walking around the halls of that building all the time. Yeah, for sure. I mean, Gabby Hoffman, the actor, she, she was raised there from birth till she was 11 years old. Her mom was Viva, who was another one of Warhol's Superstars and little, little Gabby Hoffman from Sleepless in Seattle. You know, she's a, a grown lady, you know, middle aged woman now and has talked a lot about it. She loved living there, but she, you know, she was stepping over people, you know, passed out with heroin needles in their arms and you know, on her roller skates and just a, you know, kind of a crazy life.

(31m 52s):
But to her it was just like, yeah, just lived in this sort of legendary divey apartment building. Like there was a gazillion non-famous ones in New York. This one just happened to be famous. Right. I did see where her mom viva eventually, I don't think it was ever published, but she wrote a book because writers always like very cheekly say that like Gabby Hoffman was sort of the Chelsea Hotel's answer to Eloise the children's book. And apparently her mom wrote a book called Gabby at the Chelsea, but I don't think it, I would try to find, I don't think it was ever released. That's cute. I would love to see that. Yeah. How about some more famous stuff that happened there? Huh? Yeah, like liaisons Janice Joplin and Leonard Cohen. That's a big one.

(32m 33s):
Yeah. He wrote about that in Chelsea Hotel number two. One of his songs. Very famous song. So they were together from 68 to 70 when Janice died. I don't know if they were like a, an item or if they just, you know, liked hanging out, If you know what I mean. Sure. I think I know what you mean. But regardless, they were just a famous couple from there. Yeah. That's not the right word. I'm having trouble pulling words outta the air. Another couple that you could probably call more of a couple was Patty Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe. Yeah. They moved into the Chelsea, they were totally broke at the time. Patty Smith became like the, the poet of the punk scene.

(33m 15s):
Robert Mapplethorpe famously became the Devil Incarnate with his photos. Provocative pictures, That's a one way to put it Sure. Of BDSM culture and gay culture in the eighties and like almost got the National Endowments for the Arts canceled, although I think it's unfair to say it was him. Jesse Helms almost got the NEA canceled. And it was Robert Mapplethorpe was just making art. And Jesse Helms just did not think a bull whip coming out of a man's rectum was art. That's right. I had that book. I haven't read it yet. It's on the, the shelf with a bunch of other rock and roll books that I have yet to get to.

(33m 56s):
But she wrote, did Jesse Hel story? No. Yeah, exactly. What a rock and roll story. Patty Smith's book that she wrote about her time with Mapplethorpe. I think it's called Just Kids that I'm looking forward to, to getting into. Nice. But boy, can I tell a quick Patty Smith, Bob Dylan story. Is there One, there's nothing to do with The Chelsea Hotel. Yeah, Well you know what I'm gonna say. It does. I'll say she told him here, okay, if you're a Dylan fan you like this, you can just check out for a second. But on Bob Dylan's very famous Rolling Thunder tour that he took up in 75, 76. Some people look at that as like some peak Dylan live performance, unbelievable stuff.

(34m 38s):
But he has a performance of his song Isis, one of his great songs after the record Des Off the Record Desire where it's just one of the great live performances of anyone ever as his performance on rolling Thunder of Isis. And he doesn't play the guitar and he's just standing there. And he didn't do that a lot. And he, Patty Smith is the one who encouraged him. He said, Bob, you should, you should do ISIS without the guitar. And he said, Patty, I don't know what to do with my hands. And she said, make him into fists. So did he. Hell, heck yeah, He did. Okay. And Patty Smith wrote also about the Chelsea a lot and the restaurant there, it's not officially part of it, but it's connected.

(35m 22s):
You can get to it through the hotel. Elk Ete underwent a lot of renovations to reopen. It was a, it was a pretty big dive of a place back then, but it was cheap food and it was Spanish food. And so people ate there even though apparently the food wasn't good. I saw it described, was it the pa could have been consistency of yesterday's oatmeal. The taste of the Sangria might be best described as purple. But before the Woodstock Music Festival, Patty Smith went to the Chelsea or was living there, I guess. And she said, I walked into El CA's bar one afternoon in 1969 to find musicians everywhere, sitting before tables laid with mounds of shrimp and green sauce paella, pictures of Sri and bottles of tequila.

(36m 6s):
Jefferson airplane was there. So was Janice Joplin and her band, Jimi Hendrix sat by the door like, can you book, like just walking into a restaurant and seeing something like that happening. Incredible. Yeah. Yeah. You'd Be like, I don't really care about any of these people. No, I do. I love Jimi Hendrix. And clearly I love at least Jefferson Starship. Right. You were like one day, you don't know it yet, you're gonna write a song called Sarah. That's Right. And I, I've spent at least one summer just listening to Janice Joplin's greatest hits over and over again, so. Oh, I know that's right. I could be down with that scene, man. Should we take a break? Yeah. Alright, we'll be right back and we'll finish up on The Chelsea Hotel ride.

(36m 47s):
For this

(37m 3s):
Tired of spills and stains on your sofa, wash away Your worries with Anaba. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide. That's by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(38m 6s):
You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home

(39m 10s):
for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day. OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.

(39m 51s):
All right. We talked about people dying at the Chelsea, so we, we should probably talk more specifically about this because it, it seemed to happen a lot, right? Yeah. There were people who jumped outta windows. Remember it was a 12 story building and this is nothing new people. There was a, there's a rumor of a ghost of a woman who supposedly lived there was an artist who was upset with herself and cut off her hand and then threw herself out the window. And this would've been in the first couple decades of the 20th century. But it didn't stop with her. It just kept going and going and going. And then even if someone didn't die by suicide or wasn't murdered or their place wasn't set on fire, just the day-to-day grimy grittiness of it, of heroin addicts like shooting up in the bathrooms or sex workers like washing their underwear in the bathrooms.

(40m 44s):
That was another quote from the oral history of all places that Vanity Fair had on The Chelsea Hotel. Like there was just a, a definite dark side to it, which was, I, it just kinda underscores what I was saying before that people were like, and I felt so safe there and it was like, what was it like outside of this building if this was what it was like inside, you know? Yeah, that's a good point. There was a very notorious death there, depending on who you ask. Sid Vicious murdered his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen there in Room 100 in October of 1978.

(41m 23s):
We, we can't say for sure because he denied it to his last days, which was before he went to court. He died of a heroin overdose before he was able to go to trial for that. But what we do know is that Nancy Spungen was stabbed to death there. Yeah. There's a, a biographer or author named Phil Strongman or Strongman. I would call myself Phil Strongman, if that were my name. But he, he wrote a punk, a punk nonfiction book I guess called Pretty Vacant. And he points to Rockets Red Glare, who was a bodyguard for the Sex Pistols at the time, who was the last person known to have seen Nancy Sponge and Alive.

(42m 5s):
And there was also supposedly a bunch of money cash in the apartment that couldn't be accounted for after Yeah. Her body was discovered. So he makes a pretty good case. Apparently also Rockets Red GLA was admitted to it later on to some people, so who knows, but I don't think it was Sid Vicious. Yeah, I know Rockets Red gla from a lot of those early Jim Mish movies. Movies. Interesting. Dude. Rufuss Wain Wright lived there in 2000 to work on a record. And there's a, a pretty funny story there where he was, he called down to the front desk and asked if they could send up a quart of milk. And apparently the bellman arrived with a tray full of just tons and tons of drugs because Milk un, unbeknownst to Rufuss was the code word at the Chelsea for drugs.

(42m 56s):
Yeah. Because he was the only person in the history of the hotel who actually wanted milk at one point. And you mentioned Ethan Hawk, or, or I was about to say old friend. We don't have nothing to do with him. I know. I love Ethan Hawke. I think he's a, a great passionate artistic dude. But he lived there for three years when he was sort of, I don't know think he was fully divorced, but was when he was with Uma Thurman, they were kind of on the rocks. Yeah. And, and he made the movie Chelsea Walls in 2001, which is a series of short films about a day in the life of people at The Chelsea Hotel. So, you know, something about him, I've become more and more of a fan over the years. I think he's really kind of grown into his talent.

(43m 37s):
Yeah. Yeah. I I think he's, I like, I like the guy a lot and I like his daughter and I like Uma. I think I, I'm a big fan of that family. Yeah. Who's his daughter? Maya Hawk. She's an actor. Oh, I don't, I I'm not familiar Up and coming. She's on Stranger Things is probably what most people know her from these days. Oh, Okay. So what else? Chuck And she looks just like Uma. Oh really? Yeah. It's, it's really funny. I mean a little bit of Ethan in there, but she's got uma's mannerisms and voice. It's, it's pretty cool. Nice. So the, you've mentioned that The Chelsea Hotel underwent renovations for a long time over a decade.

(44m 17s):
From what I saw, the whole thing started when Stanley Bard was forced out back in 2007 or oh eight. I saw both remember that his father David Bard had purchased the Chelsea with two other families, two other men. Yeah. Well, their heirs were basically like, you are not making money here. Like, he was very, Stanley was very famous for accepting art in lieu of rent. If you were hard, you know, down on your luck, but you were an artist. Like he would just, you know, look the other way for a few months. Like he was not running it like a business. And he was very open about that. So apparently the heirs of the other two owners were like, you need to get out, we have two thirds of a vote and you're out.

(45m 2s):
Yeah. And that was when big bummer things just kind of Yeah. Big bummer. Things just started to change because a few years after that they sold it to some investors. I think that was in 2011. They sold it for $80 million. The investors came in, fired all of the staff 'cause they were union and brought in non-union workers. They did away with basically everything that was cool and intangible about the place. And, and they also took down all the art. Like one of the things Stanley did was hang art by the artists who lived there all throughout the place. It was just laden with art. They took all of it off the walls, put it in storage. Apparently some that wasn't Stanley's or that wasn't the hotels too.

(45m 45s):
The Larry Rivers Foundation is suing to get one of his paintings back that they say was just on loan. And from that point on, it just became kind of hamfisted and not very pleasant for the people who lived there in the Chelsea. Yeah. It, it's very controversial renovation because like you said, there's still people living there. Some of those residents held out and fought it and for as long as they could, some other residents were mad at those residents 'cause they were like, we're just living under, under construction. 'cause it's taking forever because you're fighting this. Like, it's gonna happen. Just give up so we can at least get this finished and live a normal life again.

(46m 27s):
So it really, you know, it depends on your perspective. There's a really, really good documentary that I highly recommend called Dreaming Walls from 2022, where they go inside a lot of these original residence apartments, see what they're like. There are also some good books about this from what I found as of now, I think there's about 40 of them still there, original residents in those apartments. And when you stay there, you're walking down the hall to your room and all the doors look the same and then you'll come across the door. That's not the same. And that's an original resident. Yeah. Which is pretty cool that they're still there. They're also rent controlled, I believe, which is how they're able to still stay there. Yeah. Oh, For sure.

(47m 8s):
Yeah. And I, it's just one of those things where I really like staying there, but I, I feel like, man, I bet these people hate people like me that like staying here. Right. Just walking around all a gog in the I know. And like, you know, with my 9-year-old daughter who's not Gabby Hoffman. Right. She's not on roller skate. She's not an uncle Buck. I Know. So I very mixed feelings about the whole thing about like, if, if does staying there support that kind of action in general or, Well, You know, you, I know you bring that up. I thought that too. You may and I stay there a couple of times over the years. We did the most avant-garde thing you can do. We stayed at The Chelsea Hotel when we went to see comedian Tom Rhodes at the Gotham Comedy Club next door.

(47m 51s):
Oh yeah. That's very close, huh? Yeah. He's super underground. But I, I mean I, I totally get that feeling that you're talking about where it's just like, this was something, and now is this the, like the dolled up version, like kind of the fake Disneyfied version of Yeah. What it used to be. For sure. And that leads me to a question that I had throughout researching this Chuck. Where is whatever The Chelsea Hotel was, now, where is it? I don't think it's in New York anymore. I don't think it something like that can survive in New York because it's just gotten so wealthy and wealthy and wealthy. And Wealthiness is not really, it doesn't really jive with what The Chelsea Hotel was in its heyday.

(48m 33s):
So like, where is it? Is it somewhere else in the world? Is it in Kansas? Like where did this go? I, I really wanna know who's doing really interesting cool work these days. Where can you find it? Or is it just not around? I know I'm with you. And, and, and also the notion of like, it's a pretty easy target, but like, you know, I bet the, the Holiday Inn Express and Times Square kicked out some residents for whatever building they took over. You know, like is there any hotel group on the earth that isn't gross and did things like that in these Dent Cities? Yeah. I mean, look what happened to San Francisco. Like it lost a lot of its Oh Yeah.

(49m 14s):
I don't wanna say luster because it wasn't luster that it, that made it so charming, but it lost some of its jam. Yeah, for sure. But you know, elk Hete is awesome. Now. They've got some really good chefs that work there. You know, big shout out to John Pacini. He's the general manager there. He's a Stuff You Should Know, listener. He's always been very kind to me. So big shout out to him. And he's just, he's done a great job. And the PA is good now. And I've had some really great experiences in that restaurant and in that hotel, the lobby bar there is amazing. Like, it's a truly great place to go have a drink. Awesome. And If you, If you stay there, you can get in, but If you don't stay there, you can still go get a drink there.

(49m 55s):
I would recommend it. So, I don't know. It's, it's definitely makes me question things. But like I said is, is there a place in New York where original residents weren't screwed over in some way or another to make way for some new expensive thing? Oh, I mean, also not just like people living there. I mean like the art, the art, the Oh yeah. The, the artistic vibe that was there. Where did they go? Because it's not like I'm with Die, You know, You I know, I know. And and a lot of those 40 residents or, or some of them are still artists making art there. Yeah, For sure. They just gotta, I, I don't know if that documentary was accurate, but I think that the residents either aren't allowed to use the main entrance or maybe they just prefer not to.

(50m 39s):
I could see either one actually. I really could too, actually. Well that's it for The Chelsea Hotel. We could keep going on and on and on, but I feel like this is a good place to stop, don't you? Yeah. I mean, let's quickly mention that. There, there were some very famous things auctioned off. Oh yeah, yeah. Good call. Some of the famous doors, Bob Dylan's door was auctioned off. I think either Leonard Cohen or, or or Janice Joplin's door was auctioned. And that iconic sign, as best I can figure, was renovated. But part of that renovation included replacing the letters and those original letters. Okay. Were sold off. Cool. Thank you for figuring that out. 'cause I could not make heads or tails of how the sign was restored, but then they auctioned off the sign.

(51m 24s):
Yeah. I think just pieces of the original, You know, you got a C on both sides, an h and e on both sides. And you know, I, I think you found even that they had them wired so you could put it in your, your loft and light it up. Pretty Awesome. Pretty cool. Okay. Well that's it. That's it for Chelsea Hotel. If you wanna know more about The Chelsea Hotel, go check out The Chelsea Hotel. And since I said Chelsea Hotel three times as was foretold in 2008, I've unlocked listener mayo. That's right. And to prevent another listener mail. Yes, we know Naked Lunch was written there. Thank you. Thank you sir. And a lot of other stuff was written there.

(52m 4s):
You can't cover it all. No. Hey guys, this is about inner monologues too because I mentioned, aside from me thinking weird things when I'm falling asleep, I mentioned Emily's thumb spelling and it turns out a ton of people do stuff like that. And I told her and she was just delighted to find out that she's in a club. Hey guys, over after a decade, I finally have the inspiration to write on the latest episode. Chuck mentioned Emily spells out words with her thumb while stressed. I do something extremely similar, but instead of tracing the letters, I spell 'em out in the sign language alphabet. Wow. And there were all kinds of variations. Some people air type, sometimes it's cursive, sometimes it's sign language. Like it's really interesting.

(52m 44s):
I spell them out in sign language, alphabet, been doing it since I was at least 11. And I've never heard of anyone else spelling out words while stressed. I would love to know the reason, but I'm also just content to know that someone else has a similar eccentricity. Thanks for sharing such a lovely anecdote of what it means to love someone with all their little oddities and peccadillos. One of my favorite words. Yeah. It's the acceptance and joy in the mundane and extraordinary in life that keeps me coming back every week for a new episode. I'm a sandwich listener. I'm sure you're gonna get dozens of these emails claiming to be Emily's long loss finger spelling twin. But I had to write in because I've always wanted to stay weird. And Lauren nighter or neer, I'm not sure how you pronounce it. You are in a larger club because we got heard From a lot of you.

(53m 26s):
Yeah, that is really cool. I'm glad Emily's delighted. Yeah, I'm delighted too. Me too. Well, If you wanna be like Lauren and write in and let us know that you're a part of a club too. Well, we love to hear that kind of stuff. You can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.