
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just the two of us today, which is fine because we need to keep our nose to the grindstone and really focus on a pair of really important episodes, which we kick off now. That's right. We haven't done a two-parter in a while, but as we got into the originally one parter of The Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. You were like, man, there's a lot more here that we can just kind of explode this into a a two-parter.


Yeah, that was verbatim what I said, And I said, let's do it. There was a ton of stuff that I did not know about MLK's assassination. Yeah, same. James Earl Ray. Like there's a lot of stuff around it, and it's just a reminder that history gets so boiled down to like, its, its bare essence or even like a caricature of itself. And when you really dig into like a historical event, it it, you just, you're just reminded that there's just so many people affected and involved. Yeah. And it's not just, you know, James Earl Ray shot, Martin Luther King Jr. And you know, the world mourned, I mean, right.


That was all true, but there was just so much more to it. So hopefully we'll kinda get some of that across in this. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I, you know, we'll talk about it some, but I went to, I've been to the King Center, I've been to the Civil Rights Museum in Memphis at the Lorraine Motel, and like I've thought I knew a lot about this stuff, but until we do our job like we do, I learned a lot more. So it's pretty great. So let's talk MLK because he kind of skyrocketed the prominence from just the start. He became involved in the Montgomery Bus boycott, which most people say kicked off the civil rights era in the United States, thanks to Rosa Parks, who we did an episode on Rosa Parks Agent of Change.


You remember that one? That's right. That was Oh yeah, for sure. And all this is just, you know, so we are setting the table kind of as a lead in to where things were in April of 1968. Yes. So like you said, you know, 12 ish years earlier is when he really rose to prominence and, and so much so that in February of 57, he was on the cover of Time Magazine. Yeah. So in 1963, he was Times Man of the Year after being on the cover, just, you know, a handful of years earlier. And in 1964, he won the Nobel Peace Prize. So he was one of the most famous Americans by the early 1960s. Yes.


But one of the things you don't learn about these days as often is that he was at that point, beginning to become widely criticized. Yeah. Not just by white Americans, many of whom had been criticizing him all along, but by Black Americans as well. There was a real division in the Civil Rights movement between Martin Luther King's vision of his doctrine of non-violence, which is basically saying like, Hey, we're, we're going to essentially do everything we can to show white Americans the, the problems that black Americans face just by being black in America.


And no matter what they do to us, we're not going to fight back, and we're going to make an example of ourselves to that that will hopefully set for them. And the ultimate goal was to integrate into America, to integrate black Americans into America so that there wasn't Black America and white America. And that ran very much contrary to the other rival idea, which was Malcolm X's idea. Yeah. And we haven't done one on Malcolm X yet, so maybe we should, we should hit that up as a follow up at some point For sure. But yes, this was, you know, sort of the other side of the coin. Malcolm X believed in black separatism.


He was like, this nonviolent approach isn't, isn't working. And, and black people cannot integrate into white America. It's a racist society, and it's just not possible. So we need self-determination, violence, you know, by any means necessary is an acceptable sort of avenue to achieve the goals of black determination, and especially considering violence as being inflicted upon black people by white people constantly. So it's time to fight back, like with fist in clubs and whatever else. Yeah. And, and again, that's totally contrary to King's doctrine of nonviolence, which Malcolm X considered criminal as he put it in the face of just being beaten by whites just for, for marching in the streets peacefully.


And a big portion of the people who are critical of King and his nonviolence doctrine were the younger generations. They tended to lean more, militantly more in Malcolm X's direction and then on, on in white America with white Americans. There. He was basically never popular during his lifetime, at least with the majority of white Americans. Yeah. I mean, and we know this 'cause, you know, they did polls back then. There were Gallup polls that found in 1963 through 1966 each year, found that fewer, that 40% of white Americans viewed Martin Luther King Jr. Favorably. So one of the other things that didn't help besides his work in the, you know, in civil rights, was his stance on Vietnam and the war in Vietnam.


He was always against it, but really changed his stance in 1967, started being really, really vocal about it as far as publicly condemning the war. Started leading anti-war marches, giving speeches against the war. One very famous one was beyond Vietnam Colon, a time to break the silence, a speech he gave in New York City at Riverside Church in April, actually exactly one year, April 4th, 1967 before his murder. And it was a very controversial speech because it was his most adamant anti war, anti-Vietnam speech yet, and he specifically called out America in the, in the US military by sending a disproportionate number of, you know, kind of poor black American boys to fight that war.


Yeah. And so this was, it, it's really hard to overstate how controversial the speech was. Like he just stopped mincing words and came out and said everything that needed to be said. And so his alliance with Lyndon Bain Johnson, who was president at the time, was just shattered right then. LBJ stepped away from him, publicly broke with him. I think Laura helped us out with this. She found 168 newspapers issued editorials denouncing him for that speech. So that, like, he was already not super popular with white Americans. He, his popularity was so, so with black Americans and all Americans were now mad at him for his stance on Vietnam, or a ton of them were.


And then one of the other things that really proved to be very difficult for him later in his life, later in his career was he shifted focus from strictly civil rights for black Americans to economic justice for poor Americans of all races. He, he created something called The Poor People's Campaign. He came up with an economic bill of rights that is essentially pretty socialist, I mean, at its core. And he also basically said like, this campaign is also going to be a shift, not just in focus, but in potency. Like, we're not going to be quite as peaceful as we were before.


We're not gonna go Malcolm X like full on militant, but we're, you can expect, you know, I think he famously said 15 to 16% more militancy. Right? Yeah. And you know, this ship. So he already had, you know, people coming at him from all sides. And now even within his own camp, they didn't love it either. His advisors and his staff didn't love this change of direction. So, you know, by the time April of 1968 rolls around, he's exhausted, he's tired, he's got people coming at him from every angle, even within his own camp. And he just wasn't at, at his peak personally or with his career.


Right. So, Chuck, do you wanna take a break now? Yeah, well, we've set the stage with where King was, and we'll come back and then set the stage with Memphis and where Memphis was, well it was in Tennessee, but how Memphis was in April of 1968.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk, and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit at strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa, wash away your worries with Anaba. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet-friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide. That's by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So in the spring of 1968, Memphis, Tennessee, which had previously prided itself on its white community and black communities kind of, you know, fairly getting along, especially compared to some other places, like places in Alabama. It was by this time in high tension as a town. And it was largely because of the Memphis sanitation workers strike MLK became very interested in, in helping further the goals of the Memphis sanitation workers in their strike. Because he basically saw this as like, this is a perfect bridge between this transition from a focus just on civil rights to this larger focus on poor people of all colors.


Because like, this was mostly, almost exclusively black sanitation workers who were struggling for recognition of their work, dignity in their work, decent wages. Apparently If you were a full-time sanitation worker in Memphis, you were still eligible for food stamps after your full salary. Yeah. And he, he was like, this is, this is, this is exactly the perfect kinda thing that I'm trying to get across. Like this is important. So he kind of focused on Memphis in the spring of 1968. And like I said, it was in, in a state of high tension because a couple of protests marches essentially to support the workers had not really gone really well previously.


Yeah. But before these marches there was, you know, there was already a strike going on. It just wasn't, you know, full throttle at this point. What would really kick that into gear were the very tragic deaths of two sanitation workers. Echo Cole and Robert Walker. They were crushed to death, their truck malfunction, they were trying to take shelter from the rain and were crushed by the truck. And the city didn't, didn't pay any compensation to their families at all. So this is what really kind of triggered the, the mass walk off the job. All, almost all the workers, black sanitation workers went on strike at the time. And King was like, all right, I I gotta get to Memphis.


It's in trouble. It's an opportunity for me as well. Like you said, to sort of help me segue into, into this other movement, and there were a couple of different marches On March 28th, he led a March 5,000 people through Memphis, and almost right away it, it turned violent, not by his hand, but it was a group called the Invaders. It was a militant group of young African Americans who were not on board with King. They were not on board with nonviolence, obviously. And they started looting, they started breaking windows in stores, police came in and you know, we, we all know the drill at this point, people scatter police are, are beating people, shooting at people.


There was a 16-year-old named Larry Payne that was shot and killed by a police officer named Leslie Dean Jones. 60 people injured. And then all of a sudden Memphis is under curfew and close to 4,000 national Guardsmen are brought in. Yeah. And this was on the heels of another march, the, the month before in February, where prote protestors, including some ministers who were marching, were maced by police. So Memphis just like, basically almost like throwing a switch went from like a generally Okay. City as far as race relations were concerned to like the National Guard is now here keeping order in like a month. It just changed that quickly.


And because he was leading the march on March 28th, king became totally, I don't wanna say obsessed, but he was fully zeroed in on returning to Memphis to set things right. Yeah. Because that was a huge black eye in his, against him, his career and in particular, his whole doctrine of nonviolence. And again, like the invaders were not related to what was going on. They essentially used this as a chance to mix things up. And King just basically wanted to go give it another try and hopefully restore his reputation, hopefully restore the reputation of the civil rights movement he was leading.


And he put everything on the line to go back to Memphis and try it again. 'cause it could have gone wrong again. And that would've really damaged things even further. A lot of his advisors were like, do we don't need to go back to Memphis? Like, we have a a trip to Africa scheduled and like, let's just follow through and we'll leave it behind us. And he was like, no, we have to go back. So we actually canceled that Africa trip and brought everyone back to Memphis and he, he got back there on April 3rd and that evening he gave what's been known today as his, I've been to the mountaintop speech. Yeah. I believe it was his final speech gave it at the Mason Temple Church in Memphis.


And it was a pretty significant speech, as you can imagine. I mean, basically everyone's aware of this, but in it he recounts in a previous assassination attempt that I had never heard of. Had you Yeah. From visiting the museums. But it's, it's certainly not something that I don't think this like super widely known. Right. Well, so he was signing a book at a department store when he was stabbed in a chest by a mentally ill woman named Zola Curry stabbed in the chest, but with a seven inch letter opener. And Zola Curry was convinced that civil rights organizations like MLKs were tracking her, had singled her out and were tracking her, preventing her from getting employment just generally messing with her life.


And the papers all reported that the surgeon who treated MLK, obviously he survived, was that the letter opener came so close to his heart that had he sneezed it would've penetrated his aorta and killed him. So he really lucked out. And he talked about this in his, I've been to the mountaintop speech, but the thing that most people remember about it is that he, he in a way almost predicted his death the following day in, in the, at the end of the speech. Yeah. I mean, I'll go ahead and read it. He, he talked about not being around. He said like, anybody, I would like to live a long life, longevity has its place, but I'm not concerned about that now. I just wanna do God's will.


And he's allowed me to go up to the mountain and I've looked over and I've seen the Promised Land. I may not get there with you, but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the Promised Land. So a definite, sort of eerie thing to happen the night before his murder. Yeah. And I've read that some people are like, he was, he felt like that death was close, that he didn't have much time left. So it makes sense that he would've put that in. I don't think he expected to be murdered the next day, but he, he just, I I read that he sensed that he, he was not going to live much longer. Yeah. I mean, he had seen what happened with Kennedy, obviously what happened with Robert Kennedy afterward.


But yeah, it, it was those kind of things, you know, very sadly were were just much more common back then. Yeah. I, I was thinking about that and just like living in an era of assassinations, like successful assassinations of prominent political figures. One of whom was the president at the time. Yeah. I just, that's just nuts that America went through that period. Yeah. Abso I mean King Malcolm X, the two Kennedys. Yeah. It's just a very fraught, fraught time in our history. For sure. For sure. So he's back in town to hold a march to set the previous March. Right. And one of the things he had to do was get the invaders on board with not doing this again.


So at the Lorraine Motel, he was actually meeting with them. One of the things he did there was meet with them and negotiate a, a deal where like, Hey, you guys don't turn this thing violent. And they said, okay, we can do that. Give us some money, give us some cars and give us a little more influence and we'll do that. So they were negotiating that the march was actually planned for April 4th. And this is one of those sort of sliding doors thing. It was actually put on hold because the city got an injunction to stop it from a federal court. And if that hadn't have happened and he would've been marching on April 4th, perhaps James or Ray would've continued to sort of pursue King.


'cause as we'll see, he had been following him around for about a month. Or maybe not, maybe, maybe that assassination never happens. But because of that injunction, the march was delayed from April 4th. King stayed in town to go to court to help appeal that injunction was in court on April 4th through the day. And then late that afternoon, the judges said, all right, we can do this March, it'll be next Monday. And King so late that afternoon, the judges said, all right, the march can go forward, but it's gonna go forward next Monday. So that day on April 4th, it was the evening.


It turns out Bono got it wrong in that song. Pride. 'cause he says early Morning. Yeah. Did you know they corrected it? Did they? Yeah. They, they, I never listened to much of it, but they put out a, like reimaginings of a bunch of their songs called Songs of Surrender. And like you said, it was early morning April 4th shot rings out in a Memphis guy and the song Pride in The Name of Love. And he changed it to in the evening April 4th. Well, yes, that's much more accurate because that's when it happened. King had just been grinding away in Memphis for two days by then, and he was staying in room 3 0 6 of the now very famous Lorraine Motel. That was the room that he usually took anytime he and his people were in Memphis, they stayed at the Lorraine Hotel because it was a black owned business and had been owned by Walter Bailey and his wife Lori, since the 1940s.


It was listed in the Green Book even. Yeah. It was just a black-owned business and it was a nice hotel to stay in. And by the time the late afternoon, early evening rolled around MLK was late for a dinner at the Reverend Billy Kyle's house in Memphis. And they all started to leave to head to Billy Kyle's house for dinner. And he stepped outside of his room and onto the balcony. And he was speaking down to some other members of his group. I think he told one of 'em to start the car and a shot did ring out and it hit MLK in the face. Yeah. Sort of in the chin and jaw area.


In the neck line. There were, there's that very famous photograph of the people, you know, his, his group standing on the, on the balcony, I think like three guys are pointing across Mulberry Street, which ran between the Lorraine Motel and the, what was it, the Bessie what boarding house? Bessie Brewer's boarding house. Yeah. Bessie Brewer's boarding house. And they were like, that's where the shop came from. The picture was taken by a, a South African photographer named Joseph Lowell. LOUW became one of the most famous, you know, photographs in American history, of course. And the gentleman kneeling, attending to King, trying to do whatever he could that was, that was a guy named Meryl McCullough.


And he was an undercover cop who had infiltrated the invaders. So just by chance he was on hand as an undercover cop there. And he's the one that's, that's kneeling, kind of trying to tend to king again. He was shot at 6 0 1 was alive, even at the hospital barely. But he died just an hour later. He is pronounced dead at the age of 39 at 7:05 PM Yeah. And a doctor named Jerry t Francisco was the medical examiner at Shelby County at the time, and he conducted an autopsy and he concluded that Martin Luther King was killed by a gunshot wound to the chin and neck with the total transaction of the lower cervical and upper thoracic spinal cord and other structures of the neck.


I read somewhere that, that Martin Luther King probably didn't even hear the shot that that killed him. It just hit him so fast and was shot from a high powered rifle that, you know, close enough by that. Like it would've, it, he just wouldn't have heard it. And I was thinking it was possible that he died almost instantly. Were you did, had you read that he was still alive for a period, like when he got to the hospital? Yeah, they, they, he was apparently just hanging on, you know, he was alive in the ambulance. He was alive I think shortly after he got to the hospital. Well, hopefully he was completely unconscious at the time.


So I, I I mean, it's my hope that he just had, he just never knew what hit him or anything hit him. I didn't Yeah, I didn't realize that. Yeah. I thought he probably died instantly. Yeah. But when Francisco, that doctor, he, you know, he described the gunshot wound, but he didn't fully dissect the path of the bullet. He didn't, he said he did that 'cause he didn't want to deform the body any further. But that of course, you know, would help out later with conspiracy theories as far as, you know, not having a full accounting of the path of the bullet, which we'll get into all that. I, I believe in part two. Yeah. But right after the shooting, like literally the minutes right afterward, there were two men in that boarding house who saw a guy leaving with a, a suitcase and like a blanket bundled up that had a bunch of stuff in it big enough to where it could have held a rifle.


And what happened was, well, there was another witness that said they saw a man passing, I don't know how it's pronounced. K-K-A-N-I-P-E-K canine or Canop Kps. That's what I'm going with. K Okay. Cane's, KPS Amusement Company. And just drop this bundle on the front door of the store. You can, you know, there's a picture of it If you, If you look that up and you can kind see the rifle poking out even. And that's what they found. They found some aftershave, they found portable radio, they found some brand new binoculars, a couple of cans of beer and precisely a 30 out six Remington seven 60 game master rifle with a scope, which is a, a hunting rifle.


It's, it's kind of a, a unique gun in that it's a, it's a long range rifle that's a, a pump action rifle, which usually they are bolt action rifles. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. That is fairly unique. So yeah, that's, that's pretty specific at the boarding house too, at Bessie Brewer's boarding house, people who were staying there later told police that they heard people, or at least someone maybe going back and forth to the bathroom. This is a boarding house, so obviously there was a shared bathroom rather than a bathroom in each room. And somebody kept going to the bathroom, hanging out in the bathroom, coming outta the bathroom, going back to the bathroom.


And the cops who investigated, found scuff marks in the bathtub, obviously left by somebody's shoes. Yeah. And the bathtub was where you would have had to have stood to see out the window to have a shot at Martin Luther King on the balcony. Yeah. So the, the people in the boarding house heard MLK's assassin. The question was who it was, and, and obviously we know now it was James Earl Ray, but at the time, time they didn't realize that Also, like two minutes later, the shooting had been radioed into the police. And just five minutes later at 6 0 8, the owner of that amusement company told police that he saw a white man running through the alley and like actually saw him drop that bundle and then flee the scene in a white Ford Mustang.


Yeah. We'll talk about the investigation and everything like that in part two, but I say we take our second break and come back and talk about what happened after MLK died.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash Perfect for anyone with kids pet or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us moderate to severe OSA effects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


So, you know, very famously, Walter Cronkite came on the news and very somberly told the nation what had happened on the CBS nightly news. President Johnson declared the next day, April 7th, the National Day of Morning flags went to half staff. A lot of businesses around the country closed for the day. And he said, Johnson said on tv, the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Has not died with him. Men who are white, men who are black must and will now join together as never in the past to let all the forces of divisiveness know that America should not be ruled by the bullet, but only by the ballot of free and of just men. Yeah.


So, yeah, like you said, the National Day of Mourning was April 7th, but throughout that whole period from the day that his assassination took place to his funeral, there was a lot of places closed down. Yeah. And I saw Chuck that on the day of his funeral, the New York Stock Exchange closed, which is pretty significant. Yeah. The NBA and the NHL were in their playoffs and they rescheduled their games, but the major league baseball did, they did not postpone opening day much to their discredit. But Roberto Clemente and Maury Willis of the Pirates said, well, we're not playing today. It's Martin Luther King Jr's funeral.


That's great. And we're not gonna disrespect it like that. And they inspired players on other teams to, to sit it out too. So from what I saw, effectively opening day was postponed for a number of teams, if not all of MLB. Yeah. And, hey, we did do a, a good episode on Roberto Clemente. Remember that one? Yep. That was a good one. So all across the country, you know, people react with extreme upset, which led to violence and some rioting and uprising in like 125 cities. Over the course of a few days, 39 people were killed, 3,500 people were injured.


50,000 federal troops, you know, dispatched all, all over the country basically, except New York and Los Angeles. There were a couple of the only major cities that they managed to kind of talk people down Atlanta too. Oh, Atlanta as well. Yeah. Oh, that's great. So despite the fact that, you know, black folks and a lot of white folks are mourning this, this death, it also sort of widened the rift because it became a, a symbol all of a sudden as white America's rejection of equal rights, basically, and white Americans rejection of non-violence by literally dying by a bullet, a nonviolent man.


But there were, you know, it wasn't just this, this was sort of a, a, the straw that, that broke the camel's back with just sort of every, the state of things in 1968 with race relations. Yeah. I would call it more like a match thrown on a powder keg. The, the, just the, the explosive reaction was like you said, not just because of MLK's assassination, but that was the thing that set it off previously. The, the summer before it was called the long hot summer. Yeah. 'cause there'd been a ton of riots nationwide in cities like Detroit. There was five days of rioting. It just kept happening all over the place in black communities around the United States.


And there were reasons for this. The, there were like segregation had officially ended, but in practice there was tons of segregation left, especially eg kinds of like housing discrimination that essentially created black ghettos in downtown American cities that white Americans had left for the suburbs. And then they were starting to build highways through these cities, and it was tough to find employment. And the city itself didn't usually maintain stuff there, so it was crumbling and deteriorating. So there was a ton of frustration already. And there had been riots already, but there were a ton of 'em after MLK passed as well.


Yeah. And, you know, there was a, a legitimate fear that a, a race war could break out in the United States. It wasn't, I, I don't think it was overstated looking back that, that that was a very real thing that could have happened. And there were, you know, there was one editorial writer who basically in the, in the month after the assassination was like, king was the one that was preventing this from happening. So we may be in trouble here in the United States, like real trouble. Thankfully that didn't happen, obviously. But like we said, a lot of these cities, you know, people were killed, arrested, buildings were burned. Wilmington, Delaware was occupied by the National Guard for a year afterward.


And looking back, it's looked as basically, it was just a, a harra harassment campaign that made things worse. Yeah. The mayor was like, okay, you guys can leave pretty shortly after things calm down. But the governor was like, no, we're gonna stay. We're we're gonna keep 'em here for a year. It was very odd. It was the longest occupation of any American city ever, which is, yeah. I mean, you just don't think of Wilmington, Delaware, stuff like that happening to Wilmington, Delaware. Yeah. One of the sort of positive things that happened after this, and it's hard to even frame it like that, but Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King's widow did finish the job in Memphis on April 8th.


She did leave that lead that march with her four small kids, along with 40,000 other people in a silent march. And that was king. You know, Martin Luther King was so adamant about going back to Memphis and, and having a nonviolent march. So it, it was, you know, special that she was able to see that through. Yeah. And imagine seeing 40,000 people pass by you silently how powerful that would be to see. Yeah. So the following day after Coretta Scott King led the Memphis March that MLK had set out to, to lead, his funeral was held in Atlanta at Ebenezer Baptist Church where he had been a preacher, and I think his father was the preacher there at the time.


Is that right? I'm not sure. It's like four miles from my house. Yeah. Right in the middle of Atlanta. I, I don't know. Yeah, I was gonna say later, but that, that whole area that's called the Sweet Auburn community Yeah, that's awesome. Is largely preserved, like it was around King's death. Like they, they, you know, there's still new businesses and people move in and out, but they, they've really gone to a lot of trouble to preserve, like how it looked, the National Park Services preserved it and, and like you said, the, you toured the King Center, that's an amazing place to, to go as well, but I thought that was really cool that it's been designated a national historic site Yeah.


Is under protection. Yeah. Which is always a little odd when you're driving through that area and you see a park ranger Yeah. In the middle of the city. You're like, what's going on? And you're like, oh, yeah, yeah. National, national Historic site. So that makes sense. Yeah. You just assume they're lost. But the, that's the place that I always recommend when, you know, Stuff You Should Know people write in are saying they're coming to Atlanta. Oh, that's a good one. And like, what, what should they do? I'm like, well, the, the Carter Center and the King Center are both very close to each other, and that's just a really great afternoon to, to go in there. And there's a lot of really cool displays, including a very sort of, I think I've talked about it before, a very sort of chilling single thing at the King Center, which is just a lone case with the Room 3 0 6, Lorraine Motel Hotel key, sitting in it with nothing else around it.


It just sort of speaks for itself. That's better than what I always reply with. I just tell 'em that they should go to Applebee's. Right. I'm glad you got a good joke in this one. God bless you. Thank you. So his funeral, I, I looked up a picture of it there. He, he was, his casket was carried on a cart by two mules processing down one of the streets, probably Auburn Avenue. I didn't catch which street it was, but there were a hundred thousand Yeah. People in this procession, not including people lined up on either side of the street as it passed in a, in a procession behind his casket.


A hundred thousand people. And it's hard to get across what that looked like. Yeah. Unless you see a photo of it, it just keeps going back and back and back and back, literally as far as you could see, as far as the photographer could capture, there's a stream of people filling the road entirely following his casket in a procession. And I was heartened to see when I zoomed in that like, it wasn't 50 50, but it wasn't completely lopsided. Yeah. The, the number of white faces and black faces in the photograph all marching together a mourning MLK Yeah, for sure. When it happened, you know? Yeah. I mean, especially in Atlanta, you know, a city with a fraught racial history as well.


Yeah. Benjamin Mays delivered the eulogy, he was the president of Morehouse University, and Morehouse would have their own ceremony, I believe, a day later on their campus, which by the way, Martin Luther King Jr. Was a student at Morehouse at 15 years old. So let that sink in for a second. I know, and Mays predicted in that eulogy that, here's the quote that King would probably say that if death had to come, I'm sure there was no greater cause to die than to get a just wage for garbage collectors. Yeah. Pretty powerful stuff. Yeah. So the Lorraine Motel has become the National Civil Rights Museum, but after King's assassination, Walter Bailey kept it open for years, but he never rented Room 3 0 6 again, and he didn't touch it.


He left it exactly as it was when MLK as MLK had left it when he was assassinated. But Walter Bailey's story was additionally sad. He was very proud hotel owner to have MLK stay every, every time he came into Memphis. So it was bad enough that Martin Luther King was assassinated at his motel, but he also, his wife Lori, who the motel was named after she had a stroke in all of the commotion in the, the horrificness of what had happened right after MLK was assassinated, and she died five days later. Yeah. And so, over the years, I'm sure after Walter Bailey passed, the motel started to fall into disrepair.


And it finally closed in 1988, but it was purchased and refurbished and preserved and turned into the National Civil Rights Museum, like I said, which is, I've not been there, but it looks like a world class museum, and it looks amazing, and they've preserved room 3 0 6, just as King left it as well. Yeah. It's, it is a great museum. I I can highly recommend Memphis as a whole for a weekend trip. I've spoken before, that's where my mom's family is from and grew up going to Memphis and, you know, went back a couple of years ago with Ruby, and it's just a, a, a great weekend. You can go see that, you can go to, you know, there's obviously all the Graceland and Sun records and Stacks Records and Beale Street.


It's just, you can easily find like three days of great fun stuff to do in Memphis. Very nice. Yeah. Memphis, where it's at. That's right. So that's it for part one. I guess we're, we're gonna skip listener mail as we traditionally do on our two Parters, right? Yeah, I figured we would. So maybe just the traditional sign off, that's you, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't do that, do I? No, you don't. Okay. Even, even though we're not gonna read listener mail, If you wanna send us a listener mail in the future, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by. And who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily SA llc.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No Rabbit Holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank, capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.