
Hey everybody. I want to talk to you about courses from Squarespace. Start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills and tailor your course with a powerful fluid engine editor. Create engaging content with your audience that they're gonna love. Then just simply add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee, or even sell subscriptions. Turn that creativity into income with Squarespace courses. And right now, go to squarespace.com/stuff for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Welcome To Stuff You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us streaming along merrily on our way, right? How it goes, this is off to a terrible, terrible start. Life Is but a dream, right? Yeah. But aren't they talking about a stream Merrily? Merrily, merrily ring on the Rosie's pocket ies. No, That's different. No, that's not it. That's about like the, the black death or something. Yeah, Let's just move on.


Okay, so we're talking today about streaming music. That's why I made that joke. I should make scare quotes for joke. We're talking about streaming music, the history of it. And I love this. Chuck, this is a great idea of yours. Was this your idea a listener suggested idea? No, This is just me. I was maybe waxing philosophic about Limewire with somebody and then it was like, oh, that'd be kind of a fun episode. Well, you were right. And one of the things I love about this is, this is history, like world changing history that we lived through and not like as kids. Yeah. Like this happened recently very much in like our, our adult lives, you know? Oh yeah, for sure. Just a seismic shift in how music was released and consumed and the finances around it.


And yeah, I thought it was super fascinating. There was a a point in history not so long ago where people were spending a lot of money comparatively on buying CDs and physical media until they just said, you know what? I'm, I'm gonna buy music anymore. I want it. I want it for free. Like screw all those musicians and trying to make a living. Yeah, pretty much. And it's not so the musicians were caught in the middle. It was the labels that were the greedy fat cats that pushed it too far because it didn't matter whether it was the Clunkiest album or the best that Richard Marks had to offer both ends of the spectrum.


You were paying 1999 for that thing, whether you liked it or not. Was that how much they were? Yes, absolutely. I don't Remember em being that much. Yeah, they definitely were. I think they got down toward the end in maybe the 1299 $15 range. That's what I remember. They were very much 1999 for a while you paid, it was like 20 bucks a cd. Like it, that was a birthday present right there. One cd, you Know who, who, who initially fought the big fight and refused to release a record, unless it was, I can't remember how much it was, but it was quite a bit less. Who? Tom Petty baby Man. What a cool dude. Yeah. RIP. So like you said, people just kind of got tired of overpaying, but at the same time, this was a time where frequently albums were released where no one, even the band probably thought that more than one or two songs were worth buying.


The rest were just crud. What You didn't get burned time and time again. Buying an album and being like, God, I only like the two songs I heard on the radio. Everything else on this album is terrible. No, I was a little different. I wasn't a singles guy. I never bought ca singles. I was always an album guy. Right. And so I would buy albums that were good and not albums that had one good song. But if that's, that's what I'm saying, you didn't know how good or bad the other songs were until you got the album because you only had heard the one good song on the radio. So you would hope, hope, hope that the rest of the album was as good as the song on the radio. And it never was.


There was like an avalanche of difference between the, the quality of how good the radio song was and how bad all the other songs in the album would be. That was my experience at least. Well, I didn't follow as prey to it. I think 'cause and I'm not like some snob or anything, but most of the albums that I would actually invest in buying, 'cause you know, I had a limited amount of money, were like, good, really great bands. Okay, whatever. Let's move on. I think we've missed one of our famous stumbling blocks. I'll, I'll stick with my guns. You stick with yours. Well, I just didn't have the kind of dough to be like, Ooh, I like that song. I'll get that album. I, I like had to really know. It was awesome. I didn't either and that's why I hated it so much that I'm still upset about it today.


Maybe I was Better at it. Yes, you were. I think that's ultimately the point you're driving. I'm glad you just came out and said it. So everything changed from the big heyday leading up to the 1990s into the two thousands when a teenager from Massachusetts, a hacker named Sean Fanning, got together with a, a finance partner named Sean Parker, who would later go on to be the very famously the first president of Facebook got together and said, Hey, we got this new thing. It's a file sharing software. It's a peer-to-peer thing so you can get music for free basically by trading it with your friends.


And initially it was just, I believe Sean Fanning was like, I just wanna trade music with my friends who live on the other side of the country. Right. Then they realized they could get investors, make it into a real business. And that was Napster. Yeah. And one of the other things that was required for this to work were CD ripping program software that came out around the same time. Yeah. Where you could put in a factory made label, produced CD and rip all the music from it and turn it into MP threes. As you did that time and time again, your MP three collection would build up and when you installed Napster, it would find all those MP threes and then you could trade them with other people like you were saying. And it was such a hit, Chuck, that within two years, we'll talk about Napster shutting down.


It only lived for two years. Originally by the end of two years it had something like 57 million users in two years. Yeah. I saw 80 million. That's, I believe it, that it was sensational. And the idea that it was a teenager that not only introduced this to the world but completely changed the way that music is made is just, it's satisfying, but also just mind boggling. Yeah. 'cause things have been done a certain way for so long and the labels were so in control. The idea, this guy coming along, it's like the original disruption. Yeah. At the peak of Napster, they were tra, there were 27 billion transfers per month.


Song transfers. So Nuts. It's just incredible. And this is another great stat that Olivia found. At one point, supposedly 61% of all traffic on college servers were people sharing MP threes Totally by that too. Phew, man. So like we said, musicians mostly got caught in the middle of this. It was the labels that were really taking the hit. And some musicians were like, this is great. This is a great way to spread music and awareness. Chuck D was very famous, a proponent of it early on, but there were also the exact opposite. Some artists were like, to heck with that. I think it was a famous quote from Dr.


Dre and he ended up joining Metallica a and m records, the RIAA inserted filing suits against Napster. And some of them, including the RIAA and Dr. Dre started suing Napster users that is their fans for pirating their music. Like suing them directly personally, individually. Yeah. They went after them under the RICO Act, the Racketeering Act. Metallica was specifically seeking 10 million bucks. And what they didn't realize was this was, you know, this was an online thing so you could get another software program.


Like if, you know, what they ended up doing was they ended up getting a, a list of more than 300,000. It's like 330 something thousand individuals. Yeah. Metallica did individual who had shared Metallica's music and got Napster to ban them. And what they didn't realize was that all they had to do, those users was get another piece of software to allow them to get into Napster under another name. Right. And so it, it was a pretty quick workaround. Yeah. And so NAB Metallica got such a bad name for this. This is such bad PR for them. And I can't remember the name of their basis, their original basis or their, maybe their second basis. He left in protest saying like, this is wrong stead, but was it stead?


Okay. They, they were they still today people are like Metallica who their fans, they did not, they found the names of their fans and had Napster banned them and there was a, a screen you would get that said at the request of Metallica, you are not allowed to access Napster any longer. But they didn't sue any individual fans. The R-I-A-I-R-I-A-A did. And so did Dr. Dre. And I read about one 12-year-old girl, Brianna Gora, who had to pay $2,000 because the RIAA sued her that and she had to pay two grand, a 12-year-old girl. That's what it was like. That's how upset the labels were at this point.


Well, she probably didn't think about that when she was getting $2,000 worth of free music. Well, essentially it's what they were doing. But she still ended up paying like $2 a song. Which is really, that's outrageous today in 2024. Yeah. That's double. Yeah. At least. So one thing this did was just, you know, brought it to the news and a lot of people that weren't sort of on the, on the front edge of that technology where like, oh wait a minute, there's a site where you can just go get music traded. So it actually, it was sort of like the Barbara Streisand effect. It ended up creating more users. Napster tried to hang in there. There was an attempted acquisition at one point for 90 something million bucks that a judge shut down.


For some reason, that's not worth getting into. But they tried to become like a legitimate player. They paid royalties eventually about $26 million of royalties. They tried different models, they tried sub subscriptions. Nothing really worked. I think, 'cause that time, by that time there were other, like I mentioned Limewire, that was the one I used. I never used Napster, Kaza, frost Wire, these other ones, competitors came along. And so Napster while like completely changing the game, 'cause they were the first ones didn't end up being some big huge, they, they couldn't get some big acquisition for it. No. They just, like you said, changed the game.


But one of the things that also was changed from Napster in its brief two years and then its follow up successors like Kaza is the idea that like, people aren't gonna pay Yeah. 15 or $20 or even $12 for a CD anymore. It's not how we wanna do it. That's ridiculous. We're not doing it. I would rather take my chances at getting sued by the I-R-I-A-A and get music for free than pay for an album that I'm only gonna like one song on. That's what I said. And it was just the, everything was completely upended. And Apple came along in 2003 and brought massive stability to this huge sea change.


But it didn't go back to the way it was. They said, we're gonna, we, we have a model here that can actually accommodate both in this new kind of environment of how music is, is created and delivered now. Yeah. I I wanna jump back a second. I wonder if, 'cause I think it's a real shame that, you know, you know, maybe $15 is too much for a CD considering how cheap they were to produce. but I think it's a real shame. People were like, I wanna pay $0 for music now. Like I I think it should be free and screw everybody that makes a living doing this. I wonder if initially, if the record labels had of immediately just gone down to like 6 99 for a cd, if that would've changed the game.


I don't know. Maybe. I think one of the things that did change attitudes like that was a general public awareness that was spread. That the artists were being harmed by this. Yeah. That like, you're Totally right. Making music did deserve you did deserve to be compensated for the music you made. Like it shouldn't be free. That took years though. Yeah. So it's kind of like the, it was like the pendulum of development, you know, but with music instead. Alright, so I agree. You mentioned I Apple and specifically iTunes is what came out in 2003 and the iPod and they started selling songs for 99 cents. One thing we didn't mention was that If, you had a a, a PC and you were on Limewire or Napster, like there was a decent chance you might get a virus.


They were pretty rife with viruses. So you could pretty skanky, you could avoid, you could avoid that danger and you could pay 99 cents. You could get that single song. If you're, if you're you, if you're Josh and you don't wanna take a chance on buying a full album, you could just get that single Richard Marks song. Right. It don't mean it don't mean nothing. And you would be super excited. Well, that was the thing. Richard Marks is a bad example because I think his two major albums both had multiple hits on them. Okay. So, all right, I'm just gonna say it. Well let's go with Utah Saints. They're a perfect example. Oh, who is that from roughly this era. They were a a, I don't even know where they were from.


Maybe British Electronic. I think I Remember that. That song. Yes. Because that was the name of the song, right Song. It's sample something good. It sampled Kate Bush. And they would say like, toss Saint. Yeah, yeah. You, you, you, yes. That song. So You bought that album. The rest of the album, you would just be like, God, Well that's your problem. You don't buy a Saints lp. I was big time into electronic music at the time and people weren't coming out with albums like every week that were, you know, electronic. It was still very guitar heavy. So I know you had to work with what you got. I know buddy. And you frequently get burned. Sorry, you Utah Saints, if you're out there listening. So overall statistically from, and this is a pretty staggering stat from 2001 to 2010 when this first started, over that next decade, physical music sales dropped 60% all over the world.


About $14 billion in revenue loss. Digital sales rose about 4 billion. But that left a $10 billion annual discrepancy. And what the music business was bringing in. Yeah. In. If that doesn't get it across, I don't know what does. Yeah. So, yeah, because at that point it's basically just Richard Marks keeping the music labels afloat. The fact that they had any money was essentially a hundred percent attributable to him. Well you know what they say, it don't mean nothing until you sign it on the dotted line. That's Right. That's what he's talking about. My man. Should we take a break? Yes.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that. That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you want to do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. you know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram. I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


Okay. So while Napster was like, Hey, we're into file sharing, some other ones were as well at, at the same time, roughly an alternative model was developing and that was just streaming. Right? So rather than like downloading an actual MP three that you would keep on your hard drive, you could burn onto C, DD, whatever. This was like, there were like music servers. I, this is, this is crazy, just bear with me for a second. That would actually, you would stream the music over the internet through like a player on your, on your computer. Usually had to download the, the player itself. This was before they called them apps and you could sometimes select songs. And then other times it was more just like a FM radio station where they, they would almost play it place whatever random songs that you had no control over.


Right. Well you did have control in that. You could skip songs and stuff. You just couldn't pick the songs. Sometimes though you could only skip a finite number of songs before. It's like, nope, you have to listen to this card one. Yeah. But that was the big problem with Launch Media, that they probably could have gotten away with it if they didn't give you the ability to skip songs. Right. 'cause it was a little more like radio. But because they had that fast forward button, the RIAA got involved again and was like, we don't like that. Because one thing I don't think we mentioned is radio was, it was a way for people to listen to, to songs and music and get turned on to new stuff. It was a live transmission. Yeah.


But what radio also was, was a, a free advertisement for, for those bands. So, you know, every time a song gets played on the radio, that's an ad to little Josh Clark like, Hey sucker, go out and buy this album. If you like this, These Utah Saints are great. This Is, this disrupted everything. The fact that you could skip songs. That's why the RIAA got upset. 'cause you know, they're like, well this is a lot like radio, but you can't skip songs on the radio. We want people to hear these songs because they're little ads. Right, exactly. So that was a big problem. The streaming services were as big a problem. Maybe not as big, but pretty close to the same amount of problem as file sharing services were too.


They weren't like any kinda solution as far as the music industry was concerned. Yeah. And those were, you know, like Launch Media who eventually became Yahoo Music. Those again though were just playing. There was like a, I don't know if it was a real person programming, but it was as if a DJ was playing music. The first legit on-demand streaming service was Rhapsody in 2001, which started out as part of listen.com was bought by a company called Real Networks. And then eventually, in sort of an odd twist, it bought Napster. And in 2016, Rhapsody was rebranded as Napster. Yeah.


Do you remember Real Player? That was one of those that software you had to download to stream music. Oh Yeah, I remember that. I went and looked at old real player skins and it's just like, oh my God. Wow. The nostalgia. Wow. Those things were so ugly. I gotta see that. but I mean they were super, they look super 2005. Just seeing that little lime wire lime actually gave me some feels. Yeah, because I was doing, by the way, I was doing the same thing. I'm not saying, like, when I said it's a real shame that people just said I want my music free. Like I was doing it too at the time. Oh, okay. Well I'm glad you said that. I, I was part of that, that real shame, you know, I was like, oh great Limewire, I can trade music.


And, but pretty quickly I was, I mean I kept buying CDs for a while of the bands I loved and pretty quickly I was like, wait a minute, there's something about this that doesn't feel right. Hey, one other thing that's occurred to me, Chuck, is I'm sure somebody's like, well yeah, CDs might be like $15 a piece. But don't forget Columbia House where you could get like 10 of them for a penny. I never did that. You didn't, did I ever tell you my Columbia House story? You did, but I think people need to hear it if they haven't heard it. Okay, so You told me last week at a Cubs game. Was it, was it just that recent, man, I gotta work on my memory. I need some prevagen.


So like you would send off, for those of you who don't know, you would send, like literally you'd tape a penny to a postcard and send it into Columbia House and you could, you could check like what albums you wanted them to send you and like Magic, they would send you those 10 albums for a penny, but then you were automatically signed up for their subscription service and they would send you albums that you didn't want at like two times the price. Yeah. So it really wasn't a good deal unless you could get out of it with just those first 10 albums. And I did exactly that because when they sent me the first, first handful of records that I didn't want, I sent 'em back with a letter explaining that I was 12 years old when I entered into this contract.


Right. And there's nowhere in the United States that it's legal for a 12-year-old to enter into a contract. So, so please stop sending me albums. And they did. I love it. Very precocious kid. Thanks. I like that story. So I, I was a little bastard. Yeah. You mean like the rapper? No, that's old Dirty Bastard. Oh right. I was thinking Lil Wayne and Old Dirty Bastard got together. Right. Lil Lil Bastard. That's my new rap name. Not Tepid t. Alright, so Pantora Pandora, not Pantora, Pandora came along in 2005. It began as Savage Savage Beast Technologies. And they were founded on this idea of the, of the algorithm to recommend songs to where it would curate, like this is Chuck's station.


And the way they did this was through something called the Music Genome Project, which I remember just thinking it was the coolest idea and thing ever back then. And it was a cool thing. It was, it was basically that they would analyze 450 unique attributes of every song that exists from, you know, as simple as like, what genre is it to like how nasally somebody's voice was. Wow. Then they would evaluate it on a scale of one to five with half increments. And the end result would be the songs, you know, quote unquote DNA. Initially they had a musicologist that did this by ear in hand and it took like 15 to 30 minutes a song.


Eventually AI took over. But it was, that was the big attraction for Pandora was like this super cool project where they're categorizing music so specifically that it will start to learn what you like and curate. You can curate your own radio station. That's nuts. I never heard of that. That music genome project before. Oh Really? It was sort of all the rage at the time. Pretty groundbreaking. I mean, I'm taking it, this is in the early two thousands. I mean it was when Pandora started, that was sort of the basis of how they worked. Wow. So yeah, 2005. Okay. So Pandora also started to try a subscription model. Were they the first? They may have been, Well I think Napster tried it, but it didn't work.


Okay. So Pandora was the first, I guess that was successful at it. It was I think $3 a month for streaming music with no advertising, which sounds like a deal. But there were only like 10 songs on the internet at the time. It's, it did. And they tried like 10 hour free trials, kind of like those A OL sample diss. Yeah. But only one. They only had like a 1% conversion rate. Yeah. And one of the reasons why I think that doesn't get mentioned very often is that we're talking, this is like the mid aughts 2005 people were not at all comfortable with giving their credit card information out over the internet.


Yeah. And that's the only way you could buy back then. Yeah. When it just seemed like the most like top secret thing you could even have as a part of your life. Right. Yeah. So I, I really truly think that that was one of the reasons why this got a slow start. People were just not comfortable with, with paying for things, using their credit card over the internet. Yeah. And that's, I mean, how else are you gonna bill somebody? are you gonna send 'em a physical bill for your online streaming service? You, you get a letter from a 12-year-old after that. Yeah, exactly. Imagine Pandora getting checks mailed to 'em every month. That'd be hilarious. but I mean, I guess that's what you'd have to do do to get business going. Yeah, I think you're totally right. Those early days of e-commerce, I think a lot of us had some trepidation about entering those digits online, you know?


Yeah. And it might be com it might be, is it confirmation bias where I like I was like that, so I just assume other people were as well. but I, I, most of the people I knew were not comfortable giving out their credit card info at that time. No, I think you're right on the money. No bias whatsoever. You're just Right. Cool. So Congress got involved actually in the United States at least, and they came up with the copyright royalty and distribution reform act of 2004. That's how disruptive Napster was. Yeah. In four years, Congress had passed an act essentially trying to help smooth this over, I'm sure it was largely in the favor of the labels, but it set up the US copyright royalty board where these, these software companies and streamers would come and take claims or be taken to this board by music labels to figure out who owed who, what.


Right. Yeah. Which was a big, you know, threw a big wrench in the plans of a lot of these companies that were just emerging. I think the ones that were sort of smaller gave up pretty quickly. 'cause it was such a legal quagmire. Like Yahoo Music was, wasn't even, you know, a a smallish one. They they shut themselves down. Yeah, for sure. So a again, apple kind of rides to the, to the rescue. And in 2007 they, they introduced the iPhone. 'cause I don't know if we said it or not, before the iPhone came along, If, you wanted to listen to downloaded music anywhere away from your pc. You had to buy an iPod or one of its also ran competitors like Zoom or something like that.


But you had to have like a physical device to listen to. When the iPhone came out, it was like, throw all that crowd away. Now you can not only listen to your MP threes that you're buying off of the iTunes store, you can listen to streaming music, you can do every, everything you can on the internet, you can do on your iPhone. So it provided a super stable, safe platform. Not at all skanky. You weren't gonna get viruses or anything like that from downloading apps from the app store. And Pandora actually saw the writing on the wall very early. And they had an app like I think the, the next year that was available for the iPhone that was a Pandora streaming app.


And I think the first year, within nine months that the app that the app store came out, the Pandora app was on almost a quarter of all iPhones in the world. Yeah. This also brought back funny memories of, this is kind of like when we were getting going with the TV show ish. Really? That was 2013. Well, I'm just talking about No, no, no, I'm not saying the launch of the iPhone. Oh, I'm saying the, the apps being like the end all be all. Like, I remember very specifically in some of those TV meetings, some of the guys on staff, like all they could talk about was apps. And look at this new app, I remember that.


And it does this and it does this cool thing and it does this cool weird thing. Right. And it was just app apps, apps. And it's just funny to look back how that is at least changed for me. I mean, maybe people still use all kinds of funky apps, but almost every app I have is utilitarian and Right. Serves some kind of like function for doing something. Right. But If, you wanted to razzle dazzle a c-suite executive who is like 16 years older than you at the time. All you had to do is even let them know you were thinking in terms of apps and they would just automatically promote you. I totally remember that time it was pretty funny. We survived a lot of weird times, haven't we? Hey, we have, including the, the great Stuff You, Should Know Fire of oh eight. Yeah.


Right at the beginning, The death of Richard Marks. Oh, he didn't die, did he? No. Oh, okay. Whew. That was a terrible joke. I'm sorry. Richard Marks, sorry. Utah Saints. Sorry. Richard Marks. Right. So we have to talk about Spotify. Should we do that or take a break? First, Let's talk about Spotify. All right. Spotify comes along, they changed the game. Pandora was still trying to be, you know, kind of like radio in a way. Spotify was like, no, we're really gonna be on demand. And this is kind of what everyone's been waiting for.


It was a company out of Stockholm, Sweden was very famous for Sweden, is for encouraging and supporting their tech industries. That's why there's so many coming out of there. Right. But they launched in 2006 and then I think waited had to wait until 2011 to launch in the US because they had to, you know, they were, I guess, smart enough early on to pre-negotiate with record labels and kind of get all that settled so they weren't just dragged into court right away. Right. So early in their early years, even when they were just available in Europe, in western Europe, they had 10 million users and at one point, six of them were already paying users.


Right. So before this thing even hit the US it was valued at a billion dollar. Spotify was. Sure. And when it hit the US it just, it, it just reached this incredibly massive level. One of the things that Spotify did, I think today they're, they're at like 615 million active users. Wow. Something crazy like that. That's a lot. But one of the ways that they managed to kind of come in and be like, Hey, peace everybody was that they really paid royalties to the artists and the labels or whoever owned the copyright of that song. They paid like 70% of their revenues went to pay royalties.


And so they have been losing money every year since at least 2011, probably back when they debuted in 2006 and I think 2023. No, the first two quarters this year of 2024. Yes. They, they made record profits and because they lost money every year, up until then, a record profit for them could have been $1. But they finally turned profitable essentially. And they're saying like, now we're gonna be profitable, profitable from here on out. One of the criticisms they took is that they became profitable by going through massive rounds of layoffs and jacking up the price of their subscriptions. But the, the point about to, to know about Spotify is they created a new standard by saying we're gonna actually pay real royalties to the people who own this music.


Oh, for sure. So I think we take that break now. Okay. We'll be right back.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. you know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


All right, so 2015, a little, several new players came on the scene title you might have heard a lot about at the time, all capitals, T-I-D-A-L. This was an artist owned alternative kind like, you know, United, US United artists and movies back in the day. Like musicians actually got together under the, of the guidance of Jay-Z to buy a company. Initially it was a Norway based company called Spiro that we're developing. It was stood for wireless music player, but the wimp. And it was higher bit rates, supposedly better quality and also like real human editors making music recommendations.


So Jay Z gets on board, he's like, man, we can't call it wimp in the United States. It's not tough at all. So they changed it to title. Right. I read a interesting article, also big ups to Olivia for helping us with this one. But she found an article from loud and quiet.com written by Stewart Stubbs called Five Years on the very silly Launch of Title And If you like just kind of laughing a little bit at the misfortune of super egotistical wealthy people. Shame, right? You're gonna like that article a lot. Yeah. He just slams like this launch and I haven't seen it because I can't bear to watch it based on his description Yeah. Of how awkward it is. But apparently it was one of the most awkward star-studded events ever held.


Yeah, I've seen it. It was awkward. It was just, I don't know, man. Sometimes PE companies just screw it all up, you know? Right. I think one of the big screw ups was to basically tell the audience not to clap for anything, which I'm sure was a, was a a decision because you don't want it to seem like these stars showed up so that they could be applauded for everything they said. Yeah. But instead it made it super awkward and quiet from what, from what Stewart Stubb says, it's, It is very weird for Madonna to walk out on stage and be met with silence. Right. It was slightly surreal. Yeah. So titles deal was another company obviously because they were artists that that wanted to pay through pretty well.


And musicians got a 75% royalty on each song. It wasn't too long after that they were being sued for underpayment and it ended up not being a financial success as a company. Right. It's a bit of a mess it seemed like. But it got bailed out by Jack Dorsey, the co-founder of Twitter. He was leading a company called Block Inc. And in 2021 he used Block Inc funds to buy an 86% share in title for $300 million. Yeah. And essentially the, the shareholders in block sued, they sued Jack Dorsey for this because they're like, you did this as a favor to Jay-Z you can't do that to us.


This is a terrible deal. And they actually had the lawsuit dismissed. Yeah. I think, I mean, If, you want to compare, I believe that Jay-Z what did they pay? Like 50 something million. Everybody chipped in 56 million. Yes. Okay. So then flipped it for 300 to his friend. Right. But really it was probably worth half of the original price by this time because it was not a success at all. And even still today I saw it has about 5 million users. It says, but that, that's even disputed by by people outside the company. And like I said, that judge dismissed the case against J Jack Dorsey and he said that, that there's nothing legally wrong in approving it, even though it was quote a terrible business decision.


Yeah. Man, that's pretty funny. I would Be so mad. Oh yeah, I wonder, If you snuck up behind Jay-Z and looked at his phone. What? He's playing with The real player. He's og That would Be great. I did look up that logo by the way. And I, it was a wave of nostalgia. Alright, another one that came out in 2015, you might have seen Neil Young, you know, screaming at people on your television set right around then. It was Pono, that was his, this was actual device, it was a player, the Pono player. And it was a crowdfunded campaign that raised about 10 million bucks. And the whole pitch here was from Neil Young especially was MP threes are garbage and that compression stinks and, and this is all the nice way, like Neil Young was much more critical and and probably cussed a lot more.


But he was like, the quality here is better and this is the way music should be listening. It's a travesty how we're listening to music these days. And that company, I mean I guess Neil Young failed to realize that by and large, most people don't care about the quality to that level. Yeah. A lot of people just can't detect it. It's not even that they don't care. It's that once you get to a certain bit rate measured in kilobytes per second, that's how much, how many bits are being transferred per second. So obviously the more bits transferred, the more of the song that's captured, the better. The sound quality somewhere outside of 256 kilobytes a second, when you start going over that, people generally can't tell the difference.


Especially if you're just using like earbuds or something like that, you know, or just playing it through the speaker of your iPhone especially. Yeah. Oh God. Do people do that? Very obnoxious. People do, yes. A CD just for comparison is about a little over 1400 kilobits per second. And you said 2 56 is where people can't tell much of di of a difference. That's like, that's like people with a good ear. They say if you're around 90 to a hundred and you're not the most discerning listener and you're not playing, you know, through something, great, then you probably won't be able to tell the difference. Right. But again, if you're Neil Young, yes you're really upset about this, but it's a, of course it, he really missed the mark by assuming that everybody felt this way about it and Yeah.


Yeah. I mean you can, you can get just great quality of music from, from a fairly compressed rate. Yeah, I agree. 2015 also, and this kinda surprised me, it felt like it had been around longer, but that's when Apple Music, not iTunes, but the a Apple music streaming finally was launched surprisingly late to the game, supposedly because Steve Jobs didn't like the idea. So no, apple and Amazon who had been selling MP threes just like Apple had, they launched about a year later. So they're, they're both giants that were kind of late to the streaming game. Yeah. Apparently Steve Jobs thought that it was basically piracy to make people rent music rather than own it.


And that people didn't wanna rent music, they wanted to own it. So therefore subscription streaming services were, were basically just taking advantage of their users. And he kinda said, If, you pay a hundred dollars a year to listen to your favorite song over 10 years. You paid a thousand dollars to listen to that song and you don't even own it. Rather than just buying it once for a dollar or something like that. And he makes a good point. But he is also leaving out all the other music that you've listened to over that 10, 10 year period. Yeah. That's A weird way to put it. Yeah, it's a little disingenuous. But he was very much opposed to it. And Apple was not about to get into the streaming game while he was alive. He's Like, if you're wealthy like me, you'll pay for a different streaming subscription for every song you want to hear.


Exactly. Just to make it fair. And that's madness. Pandora we should mention was bought by SiriusXM in 2019 And, we should, you know, talk a little bit about how the finances work today because it was, you know, there was, there was a bit of a, things have regulated just a bit, you know, things really went in the tank. I think that the 2014 was that the lowest point in in dollars for the music industry? They've come back now in 2022, revenues hit 26.2 billion, which is about a 25% drop compared to when CDs died.


But that's a 70% increase from where they were in 2014. Yeah. I mean that's a, that is a low point for sure. Yeah. So they've, they've sort of course corrected enough to where I think they're like, Hey, it'll never be the heyday of CDs again. Right. But not every, like, people are actually paying for music now with these subscriptions. Yeah. And it does turn out that Steve Jobs was absolutely wrong. People are generally totally cool with renting their music through subscription services. I think 84% of music revenue comes from paid subscriptions. Yeah. Wow. That's a, I mean that's significant. And one 2009 study found that piracy had dropped because of the affordability of legal ways of consuming media.


Yeah. Not because of enforcement, not the threat of being sued by Metallica. Right. But just the fact that it was easier and by this time people got used to putting their credit card info on the internet, The threat of Lars Ulrich coming into your room and speaking to you for 20 minutes. Yeah, that's enough right there For sure. As far as what they pay, I mean, Spotify's the biggest dog in the market. They have about 30% of the streaming market, and like you said, more than 600 million active users. But these royalties, title pays the most at 1.30 cents. Apple's 0.7, YouTube music 0.7, Spotify pays 0.40 cents per stream, same as Amazon.


And then Pandora's down to 0.1, you're obviously making a lot more money off of Spotify 'cause they're the biggest player. Right. So it's less per stream. But as an artist, if you're a hit on Spotify, then there's a lot of money to be made. Right? Yeah. I think Spotify paid over $9 billion in royalties in 2023. Three times more than they paid six years earlier. And there've been studies about how much money is actually made by the artists. There's 66,000 artists that make 10 grand or more a year on the platform through music sharing. 11,000 of them make more than a hundred thousand dollars a year, and then 1200 of them make a million plus.


and of course most of the 1200 are names that you've heard of that are already making tons of money anyway. But, you know, toward the lower end of that scale, there are indie artists that never in their life would've made a million dollars in a record label deal. Yeah. That are now like making, producing, sharing their own music, running their own social media, and they're making a million dollars a year or more from their music. Which is, that's one of the ways that this, this completely changed the game. Not just in taking money away from the music labels, but also in making it easier for independent artists to just exist without the music labels.


Yeah, yeah, for sure. I got a couple of things for you here on that line. Our beloved pavement that we both love Sure. Harness your Hopes was a B side kind of throwaway song, not throwaway, but a B side from 1996. It never made it onto their album. It went viral on TikTok last year, you know about all this, right? No. So the song goes viral on TikTok for some reason. And like huge pavement for a song from 1996 got 148 million streams on Spotify. Wow. Which, if the math is right, close to $600,000 just from Spotify, from a, you know, a B side from 1996.


That's awesome. That's amazing. So that kind of stuff can happen, which is great. And then I looked up, I was curious who the most stream, well like the most streamed song ever on Spotify is, my guess would've been a Taylor Swift song, believe it or not. Taylor Swift has the, her highest charting Spotify as far as number of streams go is the 42nd highest. What Is it just that she has so many songs that that's, that counts for her streams, I guess Because she has tens of billions of streams? No, that's for a song, like one specific song. Oh, Oh, I, I see you're saying in dollar amounts in Royalties? No, no, no. In Streams. Like her, her, her most streamed song is Cruel Cruel Summer, and that is number 42 on the list.


First of all, it's Banana Orama. And secondly, I think my point still stands, she just has so many songs and variations of her songs that when you put it all together, she has like 38 mil, 38 billion streams a year. Oh yeah. On Spotify. Yeah. Yeah. That's for her whole catalog, which is incredible. So, So who's number one that she's way down at 42 The weekend? Which one? His song Blinding Lights. Wow. Is the most downloaded song on Spotify. And I did, I think it was, oh, I can't remember. I think it was like four or 5 billion streams. And I did some math and I may not be right, but if I did my math right, it looks like that that dude has made more than a hundred million dollars on that song off of Spotify.


That's Just off of Spotify, right? Yeah. That's not including like YouTube music, Amazon music, sales of the actual MP three year album. How many ways can I say only Spotify In hindsight, even that doesn't quite make sense. I'm not like, oh, that makes sense. It's, I know, it's funny how the internet can do that. I would've guessed Gangam style, but that's a little, a little dated, I guess I just like, if that math is right, that's in, that's incredible. Yeah, for sure. But that's the kind of money you can make off that. I saw Drake made like $300 million off of Spotify in a year recently. So, yeah. And if you're, again, indie, indie bands are now at the table.


They're, they can do this all themselves. They, they can just split it among themselves as band mates and you know, If, you just hit it just right. You can go viral like that Pavement song did. Yeah. And, and really make it not just money wise, but you, your career, you can expose yourself to so many people virtually on social media or, or streaming music is what I mean. But it also, there's a a other side to it as well, because record executives haven't gone anywhere. There's still plenty of them around. And so when you do have an a contract with the label, they'll very frequently be like, Hey, this song has to have an amazing hook that's no more than 10 seconds long.


Sure. Because we wanna get it viral on, on TikTok. Yeah. Go make a viral video on TikTok essentially, is what they're saying. Yeah. And so that's shaping how artists are making music and a lot of them are not happy about that. Yeah. It's also reshaped, you know, the, the sort of, the album era is kind of dead. I mean, there's still plenty of albums and still plenty of artists doing that, but it's almost like Livia points out, it almost is like going back to the days of the 40 fives in the 1950s where it was, you know, these singles are being released. And that's interesting. I know that, you know, one thing we should mention is that there is, they're trying to get it pushed through now the living living wage for Musicians act Yeah.


Through the house where they're basically saying, Hey, minimum royalties should be a penny per stream. Like, I know you make a lot more on Spotify because it's the biggest player, but they're paying 0.40 cents and like if everyone paid a cent, that would be a, a huge difference. Yeah. And if you're like, I totally agree with that, you can go to action network.org and look for Living Wage for Musicians Act. Oh, nice. This morning they only needed 432 more signatures to reach their goal. Oh wow. So apparently it automatically becomes law at 12,000 signatures, if I'm not mistaken. Nice work. I'm glad you put that out there. I, I am mistaken by the way.


But yeah, there was one other thing I wanted to point out too. The way that it's evolved because there's not a huge gamble in making music like there was, when you have a whole production going on in a, a label and you're actually physically producing the albums, there's way more availability and potential for artists to explore genre bending, genre fu all sorts of ly risky new types of music that they would never be able to try if they had like a major album or major major label contract and that label was not willing to take those risks. So that's another way that it shaped it positively. Yeah.


I mean, you and me could get together and put out a song and get it out there in streaming. Like we could do that. Okay. What should we do? Should we call ourselves pendulum of development? And we're gonna play, both of us are gonna play the mandolin, but neither of us know how to play the mandolin as the the hook. Well, who's our slide whistle player, Jerry? Okay, sure. We gonna cut her in on this? Well, no, I mean, but she can still be the slide whistle player. Oh, okay. Great. You got anything else? I Got nothing else. This is a fun little trip down memory lane. Yeah, it was agreed. Good choice.


And that's it everybody for streaming music, which means of course it's time for listener mail. Yeah. I'm gonna say this is, we're sort of correcting our omission of our Minecraft episode when we couldn't think of the kid's name. Oh good. Remember it, it was a kid in the audience, And, we couldn't remember his name. So we got a letter from Boden's mom. Oh wow. Hey guys. My son Boden was the kid who asked about Minecraft at the Medford show. He was the one with the glasses who also made the joke about being a retired factory worker. That was so great. That'll make sense if you've seen this show. Yeah. He didn't ask about mobs. And in fairness, there were probably 10 other kids after him who also asked about mine Minecraft.


I don't think that's true. So I'm not sure if he's the one you're thinking of. He is, well he was Sarah, but she says regardless, I'm pretty sure he considers this to be his greatest contribution to humanity to date. Man, that kid is so cool. Sincerely, thanks from a very grateful parent and that is from Sarah. So big thanks, Boden. Yeah. And I'm, I'm glad we could get your name out there. Yeah, thanks a lot, Boden. That was a great idea. And, we appreciate your mom writing in. That was Sarah. Yes. Awesome. Well, If, you wanna be like Boden and Sarah, come to one of our shows and suggest an episode. You can also just make it easier on yourself and send it via email. Wrap it up, spank it on the Minecraft and send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio Radio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C not A bank see public.com/disclosures For more


Top reasons, your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Have You boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today, and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.