
Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's up? It's me. Don, Tover, If. I could describe the open air bud. I would describe it as very seamless. It's like you clipping on your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, It, just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bulls.com for more


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us for now. But Jerry says she's going to be coming in sooner or later. And this, this Stuff You Should Know. Yeah. Jerry will come in probably in our most intense point when we're talking to each other. Right. And you guys won't hear this, but we'll hear like, just full Jerry, full volume. We'll hear ourselves echoing 'cause Jerry doesn't like headphones. You guys recording what's going on?


So yeah, when that point comes we'll probably edit it out. Who knows. Even if we don't want to edit it out. Jerry might. Anyway. I saw Jerry yesterday. You know, our daughters go to school together now, which the public at large doesn't now, which is kind of fun. And saw her at pickup for the first time this year. What kind of pickup does she have? You know, S 10. Oh really? That's a's a No, She has a cyber truck, Right? That's our jerry cyber truck. And visor sunglasses. No, not at the pickup, but at, you know, kid pickup, you Know. I gotcha, I gotcha. Yeah, it's fun.


It could have gone either way. And I went the wrong way. Yeah. So speaking of Jerry, Chuck, there's a lake high up in the Indian Himalayas. It is extremely remote. It's extremely high up. And it's, it's part of a, a mountain called Tristle, one of the highest mountains in India. And this lake is in a very desolate, very remote area, essentially If. you look at a picture of it. Did you see that picture? Heck yeah. It's nuts. It's a lake that's at the edge of a cliff at the bottom of another cliff, way high above like a ridge.


It's just looking at that picture, I'm like, I would fall off there so hard. It, it, I would definitely die there. And. it turns out that if I did die there, it would be part of a longstanding tradition. That's right. You were speaking of Ruku Lake, R-O-O-P-K-U-N-D. You mentioned it's high. It's about three times as high as Denver, Colorado. Yeah. You mentioned remote and you mentioned being in good company, If. you died there because Kin Lake is well known for being the lake of Bones. Yeah. Apparently locally. It's called Skeleton Lake.


Yeah. And like I said, it's remote. The nearest village is a, a village called Juan. It's a, a group of traditional houses I read, and that's about it. Yeah. And the people who live there apparently take it upon themselves to help out strangers and travelers who are, who find themselves in a bad way. Yeah. Which is pretty nice. But Juan is only 19 miles down about 30 kilometers in the valley below Ruku, which I mean 19 miles. It's a, that's a little bit of a far piece, but it takes three to five days to get from Juan to Lake Ruku because the, the, the path is just so treacherous up the mountain.


Yeah. It is tough to get there. And again, that three times higher than Denver. The altitude is rough. Root can technically is called a tarn, which is an old norward for pool, but it's a glacial lake. And If, you've ever been to a glacial lake like I have, and maybe you have, have you ever been to a glacial Lake? I haven't. They're beautiful. They're really, really clear. That water, you can most times, you know, see right down to the bottom of that lake. You wouldn't have to look far in this case because this is a pretty small one, only about 10 feet deep at its widest points, about 130 feet wide. And save August and September, that thing is basically frozen solid.


And all of those, which is kind of great in a way be as far as an archeological site goes because all of the skeletons are really well preserved. 'cause they're frozen, you know, 10 twelfths of the year. 10 twelfths. Yeah. 10 twelfths. You, you nailed it. Five, six. Yeah, exactly. Two and a half thirds. Oh boy. So when that snow and ice melts, though, those skeletons, like you said, are revealed and it's not like there's a couple of skeletons laying around. They've estimated, and these are scientists and researchers who studied this area, that there's up to 800 individual skeletons in this tiny little lake and scattered around the shores of the lake.


It's a lot, a lot of dead people. And no one knows who these people are or how they got there. It's a genuine historic mystery. One of my favorite historic mysteries of all time. It's the, the mystery of the skeletons at Ruan Lake. Where did you hear about this? First It was a New Yorker article by Douglas Preston that I went back and reread. I'm like, man, this is so good. It's called Skeletons at the Lake. And he goes off on a bunch of other tangents too, gets really into like evolutionary genetics and all that because that's applied to this, this particular topic.


But he, he discourses on it way, way more deeply. It's a really cool article. It's definitely worth reading. Awesome. So this has been one of the great natural myster mystery since 1942 when a, a gentleman named HK Modal, who was a forest official from India, was sent there to gather some Himalayan flowers for research and study. And he was like, oh my God, look at the bones. Oh my God. Oh my God. As you, as you would say, and reported over, you know, the course of a few years, because again, you can only, you know, these things only thaw out for a couple of months over the years. So any kind of study over the years, and as you'll see, there's been a lot since the 1950s once, once scientists got involved because they kind of kept it a secret, or at least kept it quiet in India for a little while.


And eventually when they announced it in the 1950s, of course science got on board. But they've got a pretty narrow window to go and like actually collect and study this stuff. Like, like I mentioned, between August and September, generally And, it seems like 1956, a couple of weeks in September, there was when a lot of that initial collection took place. Right? Yeah. There were three different expeditions that arrived at the lake in a two week period in 19 September, 1956. And I saw that, I guess some of them were unsuccessful, but at least one gathered some artifacts and some remains and took 'em back to the anthropological survey of India in Calcutta Calta, which used to be called Calcutta.


What did they find? They found dozens of leather slippers. Okay. The remains of Parasols made of bamboo and birch. Okay. See they found a lot of rings. We found the remnants of some musical instruments. It's a party. Yeah. And then really importantly, crucially as we'll find Bengals, like those bracelets that your grandmother who really loves gin, wears that clink around all the time. Not Susanna Hoffs. Is she from Oh, no, from the Bengals. That's right. Nice. Yeah. Nope. Or Jane. Jane Wheeland. No, she was from the BOGOs.


Right? Oh yeah, that's who I'm thinking. Sorry. Go Goes. And Bengals. She's, she's a fun follow on Instagram, by the way. Okay. Good to know. She's Great. So immediately of course, science is like, all right, we, we gotta figure this out. This is a great mystery. We got all these bones here. Yeah. We don't know who these people are. So some theories emerged and we're gonna go over the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 theories and then bus bust them apart right after that. Yeah. The first of which is perhaps these were soldiers from India who may have been trying to get into Tibet or flee Tibet over the centuries. They kind of narrowed it down to one campaign between May and June of 1841, which was repelled.


And they say this may have been it, like they were go trying to get into Tibet. They were repelled, they got the heck out of there. And then they perished like a, a storm caught them or something and they died here by this lake. Yeah. Because here's the thing, you have to account for a big group of people who all died simultaneously, it seems around, around this lake, right? Yeah. So a, like a big troop of soldiers would, would certainly fit that bill. And then another kind of soldier. So when this was discovered by HK Modal in 1942, world War II was in full swing. And as far as I know, the India was still administered by the British government. So the people running the show in India, the Brits running the show in India, were really concerned about a land invasion of India by the Japanese in particular.


So they worried that what they had stumbled upon was a, a unsuccessful Japanese invasion of India. Which I think is one of the reasons why they kept it quiet for years. Okay. Well that makes perfect sense actually. Sure. Because I wondered about that. Another theory that popped up was maybe these were just traders, they were Tibetans on the Silk Road, maybe another trade route that we don't know about yet. Yeah. Or maybe they were just villagers who lived nearby and died of an epidemic and they, you know, If, you die of some nasty pla or disease. You don't bear everybody right there where you're living, you kind of take 'em away a bit. And maybe that's what that was. Right.


Another theory is, well there's a bunch of different spots, sacred spots around India where you would ritually take your own life either outta self-sacrifice or as an act of devotion to one of the Hindu gods. And they're like, well maybe Ruan Lake is one of these lesser known spots for ritual suicide. And that's what happened to all these people. Yeah. That's a pretty good one. What else? There's another one that just pretty, pretty low hanging fruit, but it makes a lot of sense. Somebody spoke up and said, guys, what if it's just a cemetery? Yeah. That would explain all the dead people, don't you think? And everyone was like, oh God, Phil Jesus, every time. Yeah.


You get us every time, Phil, you can really see through the clutter. You know what Phil's nickname is? What? Low Hanging Fruit, Phil. That's a, that's a great name. And then finally, after everyone, you know, kicked Phil out of the office and told 'em to go get everyone coffee, they said Phil's kind of onto something. But al also, what if it's not like a, a cemetery per se, but it was just people, it's now a cemetery because they were victims of a landslide or something And that that's just where they are now. Yeah, That's possible. So the problem is, is that none of these theories really fully fit the evidence that they found at the lake so far.


Right. Yeah. Soldiers, whether they're Japanese Indian or any kind, they don't make any sense because none of the artifacts recovered at the lake were weapons. They found a single spearhead made of iron. But of all the artifacts they found that was the only thing that could remotely be used as a weapon at the lake. Yeah. So if there's a bunch of soldiers there that died, suddenly they, they, their weapons wouldn't have evaporated over time. You'd find something. And then similarly, the Japanese soldiers in particular, that theory held zero water. 'cause there had been an earlier unofficial sighting by a British climber named tg. Long stuff If.


you can believe that. Yeah. He saw them first in 1907 as, as far as Europeans go. And so they couldn't possibly have been there because of World War ii. That reminds me of the old joke from Rodney Dangerfield and back to school. What Would you come over and help me straighten out my Longfellow? Yeah, man, what a great movie. Yeah, I haven't seen that in a long time. I saw that in the theaters. Did you really? I totally did. Don't know if I would've been allowed to. Is that rated R? That probably wasn't rated R was it? I could see it rated R my mom took me, if I'm not mistaken. Oh, that's sweet.


Yeah. I love it. The triple Lindy. Thanks mom. Yeah. What, oh, there's one other thing that kind of rules out some, an idea because of the lack of weapons. One of the other theories is that this is a group of victims of a, some sort of attack. Somebody raised the idea of the Thuggies, oh you remember them? The secret cult of Bandits in India that may or may not have existed like Jerry, but they're like, no, somebody would've dropped their weapons way more than just one iron spear. Yeah. Had these people been victims of murder. So the soldiers, the violence at the hands of other humans that just doesn't really hold up, Doesn't hold up.


Silk Road traitor, first of all was not along the Silk Road. That was pretty easy to rule out big one. But then there were, you know, of course they earlier had said, oh yeah, but maybe it's something like the Silk Road, just a trade route we didn't know about. They looked and looked, they couldn't find any traces of a trade route where they were. And also it was again so rural, so high up there, they just don't think that was a likely candidate to be any kind of normal route. Yeah. The trader's theory was proposed by the other Phil fact fill. 'cause anytime you open his mouth, everybody'd say, fact fill. Come on. Yeah. Can we get away with fact these days?


I think So. Things have gotten way more risque. All the kids sing about being high all the time. That's true. What else, man? Well, the epidemic one sounded pretty good to me. But they actually can examine those bones forensically and you know, kind of tell whether that's true or not. Pretty def definitively. So they did that. They were like, no, everyone here seemed like they were doing pretty well. Yeah. No signs of disease. So that also kind of rules out the cemetery and burial ground along with the fact that there were no, there were no babies there, there were no children's remains found. If it was a cemetery, you'd probably find some of that stuff. Yeah.


So I saw both the, a lot of people very confidently say that there were babies and children found Oh, really? And. I, yes. I also saw that other people said there are no babies or children found. So I'm not, that's not definitive. I'm not a hundred percent certain of that. Okay. But just the fact that these people, their age range was like 18 to 35 and there weren't any very old people at least found among the, the remains. Yeah. Suggests that it wasn't a cemetery too. So the idea is like none of these initial theories panned out. They all got shot down, boop boop, boop, one after the other. But we're still left with this huge question, a cliffhanger question.


If, you ask me, what is the reason that these skeletons ended up as many as 800 dead people at this tiny little lake, 16,500 feet. More than 5,000 meters in the Indian Himalayans. Should we take a break or are you just setting me up for something? Let's take a break. Alright, we'll be right back.


Hey everyone, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace, possibly the best way to grow your online presence for your e-commerce store. That's Right. Because they utilize Squarespace Payments, it's the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. With Squarespace, onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus you can give your customers more ways to pay with popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit, apple pay after pay And clear pay. Yeah. And If, you want to catch more flies, you gotta spread more honey. So you can connect your major social and multimedia accounts to your website in just a few clicks as icons, direct links, embedded feeds, so you can build visitor trust while updating content only where you need it. Extending your brand's footprint. So if all this sounds good to you, then go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff and you'll save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere or Test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this, both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond Quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places,


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at t.


So Chuck, I don't remember what episode it was in, but we've talked about geo archeological, mythological study. There was another, another term for it that was less clumsy. But essentially it's taking local legends, especially very old local legends, especially among indigenous people. And assuming that there's some kernel of truth that, you know, know the, the earth opening up and swallowing everybody in a village might have been some huge earthquake that, you know, a fault line opened at some point. Right. And then they use that and try to figure out what specific event this mythology's talking about. Well, it just so happens that there's a local legend among the people who live around the Ruku Lake area that hundreds and hundreds of years ago, there was a traveling group of people who were struck down because the goddess NDA Devy was very unhappy with the way that they were celebrating or showing their devotion to her on a longstanding pilgrimage to honor NDA Debbie.


Yeah. So this is a pilgrimage that would be undertaken every dozen years to, again, to honor that God you spoke of Nanda Debbie, who is, we should say in this case, a manifestation as a mountain from the goddess Parvati very big goddess in the Hindu pantheon. And the goddess of like a good goddess, goddess of like great things, love, marriage, devotion, beauty, like all, all the goodness and kind of levy things. That's funny. I noticed you left out fertility in children. Yeah, that's not the goodness. So pavar again can embody a lot of different forms.


In this case it was a mountain. And so this pilgrimage would take place every 12 years. And Ruku is on that route, one of 19 stops. And the last stop on the way to the final destination, which is, what is it? A mountain called Ham Kun. It's, well, it's another glacial lake on the other side of that really treacherous cliff that's above ruku. Okay. So this is the final lake before, or the, the penultimate lake Before the final lake. Right. And so this pilgrimage, like this exists, the, the, there's one coming up in 2026 where people who just haven't undertaken it before travel this incredibly dangerous, they consider it's the most dangerous pilgrimage in the Hindu religion.


Yeah. And a lot of 'em, sure, a lot of 'em do it barefoot over the course of about three weeks. And when they get to Ruku, the second to last stop, and they continue on up this very treacherous, scary ridge barefoot at 16,000 feet in elevation, they go down another thousand feet to hum Kun where they release a ram that they've carried with them. And then the ram is believed to carry Nanda devy onward to the home of Lord Shiva, her consort, who lives just higher up in the mountain. And then everybody turns around and goes back down the mountain the way they came. So we know this pilgrimage actually does exist. It's called the Nanda Devy Raj Yatra.


And this local legend says that hundreds of years ago, a king and a queen King, yes. Sowa and queen Alpa, who were rulers of kenage, which is still around, they undertook this pilgrimage, but they weren't taking it seriously enough and bad things happened to them. Well yeah. Earlier when I mentioned like, sounds like a party with the parasols and the musical instruments and stuff, that's exactly what the theory holds is that they brought along some singers and dancers on this pilgrimage. They were having a good time. And non de Debbie was not too fond of this approach, did not like this atmosphere. And so reigned hell upon them via giant hailstones and killed everybody And.


that is what that large traveling party was, was people that were killed by a hailstorm as a sort of revenge from a God who didn't appreciate how this pilgrimage, the the lack of solemnity for this pilgrimage. Right. So this is, this is a local legend. It's been around for a very long time. And when the team of archeologists who conducted a, a study in 2004, I think this was the first actual like big study done on what the heck was going on at Ruku Lake when they looked into this local, they're like, actually a lot of the evidence supports this legend. Yeah. So they started kind of really digging into it a little more.


And they found that the age range, I think I said of the people involved were between 18 and 35. Yeah. So there weren't any kids, at least from what the sample they took was. and there weren't any old people. So you could say, all right, well this is possibly a royal entourage. It would account for it. The thing that really kind of gives that away is there, it was evenly split pretty much between male and female. Yeah. So we know it wasn't some sort of military party because number one, weapons are missing. And number two, you would expect it to be almost exclusively male. And then the, the skulls that they sampled bore signs of trauma, like massive trauma to the skulls that were unhealed, which would strongly support the idea that this person was killed by a hailstone and died basically instantly.


Yeah. That was one part of the skull. There were some other skulls, or I guess some other findings on those skulls that showed indentations in the same place along the forehead and If. you have a, you know, a an assistant, a local porter that's like carrying a bunch of heavy stuff. A lot of times they'll carry things on their backs, but have a strap attached to that thing that goes around their forehead. And if you've been doing that for long enough, like they would've been, then they might have these, you know, indentations in the same place. So everything is sort of lining up here. They also carbonated the bones between 800 and 900 ce, which would've fit the timeline. So Phil is getting pretty excited at this point.


That's right. There was another really, there's another piece of really solid circumstantial evidence that supported the legend. Remember they found a bunch of Bengals and the remains of parasols, well, even still today, Nanda Devy Dees who followed the Nanda Devy, Raj Yara, the pilgrimage. I know. Nice work. They travel with brightly adorned parasols, and they wear Bengals as part of their devotion, Amanda Devy. And they, again, they found a lot of parasols. A lot of bengals. So it also really strongly suggests that this was a, a group of pilgrims who were struck down around the time that this local legend says, this king and queen's party was struck down on their pilgrimage.


All right, so you got all this evidence, it all seems to fit. There was an analysis in 2004 that I think you said that was one of the first like big studies. And a archeologist named Tom Higg from Oxford University said, you know what? I think this is what happened to you guys. It all fits. And we, we do like to follow the, the lead of the leg, the local folklore, because that can often yield, you know, clues or hints to a direction. And we think their direction's, right. We think hailstorms happen around here in the Himalayas. It's very likely that this is probably what happened, like nearby, there have been hailstorms that have killed hundreds of people and thousands of livestock with extremely large hail.


So we think, and this the, those were people who could have like sheltered even. So they were like, all right, I think this is it guys. Let's shut down the science department. Yeah. The, the incident you're talking about happened in 1888. It killed 230 people. And so you can imagine if these people could run for shelter and 230 of 'em still died, a group of hundreds of people on a pilgrimage who had no shelter would've stood zero chance to like giant hailstones that would rain down upon them. So the theory is that these people were killed in a single mass death event. They were unlucky enough to get caught out in a sudden unexpected hailstorm.


And the people in the royal party, the royal entourage and their porters were all killed. The, the thing that they weren't quite clear on is whether they were all killed at the lake or higher up on the ridge that leads to home Kon. And then eventually their bodies were deposited by rock slides down to the lake. Not a hundred percent clear on that, but it didn't matter. They felt like they had solved the mystery finally of what all these skeletons were doing at Ruku. Alright, well let's take our second break here and we'll come back because the story's not over you guys. And we're gonna talk about what happened right after this.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this, both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond quality, Reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places,


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at t and Comp dot delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stock pack packs to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at and t


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you a little bit about Peloton because once you take a Peloton class, you're gonna quickly realize that you're in for a real challenge. Yeah, thanks. In part to the challenging expert instructors, Peloton instructors are no joke, they're military trained sub three hour marathon running. Ex-college athletes who really know how to push you toward your power. That's right. There's so many challenging programs to choose from. Peloton has a few seasoned marathoners with tread programs to help you get ready for race day. And their custom strength workouts for the gym keeps you on track to push your limits every single time. Peloton has the training programs you need to push yourself and they offer pace targets as well that are detail oriented and allow you to tailor your workouts to your specific goals. So find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


All right. So that theory is hanging out there in 2004. Hangs out for about 10 years. Everyone's feeling pretty good about it. The book is not closed, but the book is, you know, it's almost closed. Sure. And then in 2014, I guess it was, Phil said, maybe we should take another look at these samples, everybody. So this is low hanging fruit fill and Yeah. Like things have come a long way in the 10 years in in science, so maybe we could glean something. So a five year study kicked off in 2014 involving 16 labs around the world and they sampled bones from 38 of those individuals, sent 'em to all these labs and got some really, really interesting results in that out of the 38, 23 belong, these, these were all different people.


23 belonged to the gene pool that you would expect to find in that area. You know, some sort of South Asian ancestry, 14 of them had zero South Asian DNA appeared to come from the Mediterranean. And then there was this one lone person from a third genetic group, maybe Han Chinese, some sort of East Asian ancestry. And they're like, who, who's this guy out of like, first of all, why are these people not all the same people? Right? 'cause we can go ahead and throw that theory out the window. The first theory. 'cause they would've all been the same, you know, from the same ancestry. So like why are they from three different groups and why is there that one weirdo just hanging out there by himself, but Also so you could reasonably see a Han Chinese person eventually making their way over to India via Tibet.


The biggest mystery was, what the heck a group of people from the Mediterranean were doing. Yeah. All the way up in the Indian Himalayas at some point. Yeah. Did not Fit. No it didn't. And so these results were quite astounding as you can imagine. But you said, I think 16 different labs were conducting different kinds of tests. And the other labs tests came in and supported what they had found about the genetic makeup, the ancestry of those groups. One of the things that they found was that the diets among the different groups were different and they actually matched the ancestry that the, the genetic testing had revealed. So like the people from the Mediterranean showed that they were raised on wheat and barley and rice, which fits a Mediterranean diet.


The people of South Asian ancestry showed that they had eaten a lot of millet, which fits their ancestry as well. So it, it was clear that these, these were like, these findings were true. Like this wasn't just some weird random anomaly. Yeah, for sure. but it, it's, it's like the mystery is just deepened at this point. Yeah. They tried to find, as far as the how, how the Mediterranean people got there. They looked at other folklore and, and literature that was like, can we find anything in here where they're writing about either someone from the Mediterranean or a group that was just different and exotic and like maybe could have been Mediterranean.


They basically struck out on that front. So the mystery is, is deeper at this point until we get to our final, I guess, greatest reveal when the study revealed that the skeletons not only were different people from different ancestry, but within those groups even they came from different eras. Yep. So remember I said that like they were originally trying to account for a single mass death event that accounted for all of the dead people. The, the assumption was they'd all died at once. So not only were these mystery people from the Mediterranean part of this group, the, the groups of people that they studied had died a thousand years apart as a matter of fact.


Yeah. So the, they had separated them into three groups based on their genetic ancestry. Ruben A were the members with South Asian ancestry, the people who you'd expect to be there, Ruben B were the Mediterranean people. And they looked at their genetic profile and they get this, they said that the closest genetic profile around today are people who live on Crete, which is an island south of Greece in the middle of the Mediterranean. They didn't, they said it's, we're not saying that these people were from Crete, but that's the closest profile we can find to the people who are dead up on Kin Lake. Right? Yeah. Those people died in the 18th century, is the best guess they have based on the carbon dating the people from kin A, they died between the seventh and the 10th centuries.


And the people in that group didn't even seem to die at the same time. That's right. But the group A that perished sometime between the seventh and 10th centuries does support If. you go back to that original local legend of King Yas Dal and Queen Alpa. Boy, I love seeing Queen Alpa. That's a good one. It does, it does fit with that timeline. But within that group, like you said, they seem to have died from in two separate eras separated by a couple of hundred years. Yeah. So it may not have been one, you know, I guess it could have been just a smaller royal group. Yeah.


That doesn't rule out. And all the evidence still supports that some group from Ru Rupin, a group could have been that royal entourage that was part of the local legend. But because there was one group that died between 6 75 and 7 69 and another group from Ru Kin A that died between 8 94 and 9 85 ce, they, like, they don't know who is who. Like they haven't been able to suss that out and maybe never will. But this mystery just keeps getting more and more bizarre. You have a group of mystery people who shouldn't be there. You have the fact that different separate mass death events happened at least three times over the course of a thousand years.


And. It's just getting weirder and weirder. So the scientists who were conducting this massive survey or study that actually ran, I think from 2014 to 2019, they started sending each other samples of the samples. They had to make sure that like the people who had tested for what kind of diet were working from the same bones that the people had tested, what the genetic profile was of these, of these people And, it all came back the same. Like there was no mix up with the bone powder that was sent to the different labs. They were all working from the same samples. And so these findings were correct. It just deepened this mystery And. it completely upended. What had, like you said, previously been thought of as a, a solved mystery generally?


Yeah. I love the idea of the one rando Chinese person because it sort of jives with, you know, with just history, how there, there Could be one person that ends up with another group of people from another place and like kind of stays with them. Are you, have you watched the new show gun series? No. But didn't it just rack up at the Emmys? It did And I previously. I don't know why it didn't like get on my radar too much, but after the Emmys I was kind like, oh, you know what, maybe I should check this out because I love futile Japan and all of that stuff is just like, just the aesthetic of it and the, the story.


Like, it's just a part of history that I like think is super cool. So I started watching it. I'm like four episodes in And. It's awesome. And, and you know, the whole notion here is there's this British guy that ends up in Japan, like maybe the first British guy in Japan and is sort of in a way taken in by these people. So it's, those things happen in history where you would get this just kind of single person all of a sudden ends up on another side of the world because they discovered some new route with their ship and all of a sudden they're like, all right, well I guess I live here now. Is the, the British guy played by Matt Damon again? No. Did he reprise His role ship?


But that was a different movie. No, nor was it Richard Chamberlain Who, okay. So is this also based on James Lavelle's? Shogun? It is, yeah. It's the original story from that, but it's really, really good if you're into that kind of thing. I think you would like it. Okay. I'll check it out. We should also say that the, the Lone Han Chinese person made up Ruben Group C. They had their own group. Yeah. Group of one like Phil. Well, there's two Phils, but one's liked and the other's disliked actually they're both kind of disliked, but one's really disliked overtly. Yeah, he's he's definitely in his own group. So the I, this whole thing, like this mystery is not solved, this is still ongoing.


What we've described and and spoken about is the, the state of the current understanding or the state of the current questions about what's going on up at Ruku Lake or what went on. And so it leads to the question like, are we ever gonna be able to solve this? And the answer to that is there's a good possibility we will because If you think back this, this 2014 to 19 study was working with the bone powder from just 38 individuals. Yeah. And there's as many as 800 individuals up there. So this is a really small sample. So as we start like analyzing more and more of the skeletons, who knows what weird data we're gonna get back.


Yeah, for sure. One of the problems with research at this spot, well there's a few, but one of them is, you know, it became of course a popular hiking trek for like commercial hiking trips. And over the decades, climbers would go in there and you know, If, you look up this lake and you, you'll definitely see bones that are arranged and like Cairns and like, you know, clearly put together by the hand of, of a person much, much later. And so they're, they're rearranging things, taking things Yeah. A Lot of them With bones of Yeah. Like taking bones and looting artifacts and things like that. But what happens when you, when you rearrange stuff like that, like a, like a num skull, it, it takes away the context.


Who knows if the original con, like we don't even know what the original context would've been or if that even would've yielded anything, but we know it's not gonna yield anything now because there's bones arranged, you know, like arm wrestling each other and playing football and stuff. Yeah. Like over the top one of them is wearing leg warmers on his arm bone. Yeah. So yeah, without context Took you a second, huh? Without context, that means traditional archeology is sidelined. Right. They can't help out at this point. I mean they can to an extent, but like where they really swoop in and start interpreting things correctly is with context and without context. Their hands are tied largely.


But luckily as we've seen, there's molecular biology, there's evolutionary genetics, there's a lot of other tools in the toolbox, which is constantly expanding that we can use to analyze stuff and make pretty good guesses from, you know, the bones themselves. Not necessarily just how they were arranged. Because like you said, there may have never been any kinda real context. There's a lot of rock slides in the area. Yeah. There was one as recent as 2005 that were, that revealed a new body that hadn't been found before. So it's possible that these things, these bodies were moved down the mountain over the course of a thousand years, maybe even longer.


Yeah. So it's possible that, that we wouldn't have had any context anyway. And it's not just a bunch of jerky mountain climbers who were messing with the bones in the 10 years that you could hike past Ruku Lake. Yeah. My money is on that first theory for some of them that entourage. 'cause that definitely explains a lot of the stuff, the parasols and the Bengals and the, the, the musical instruments and stuff. And then I think the rock slide thing definitely plays a part because a lot of bones could have just, you know, collected down there over the centuries. I don't know, like this, this one doesn't seem to me like there's gonna be a single definitive explanation, but a combination of explanations.


Yeah, totally. I mean, and there's so many ways to die up there. Like not just tail well has be tail stones or rock slides. Yeah. But also just plain old blizzards getting lost in a blizzard and succumbing to the elements is really easy up there. Yeah. I mean there's just a lot of ways to die. And so yeah, it Could be group after group, a lot of them on these, this pilgrimage that just died over the years in this one particular spot. It's just that dangerous. But that still leaves the mystery of what a group of Mediterranean possibly from creek. Yeah. Were doing on a very, I mean, outside of Hindu, a pretty obscure pilgrimage. Like I certainly hadn't heard of it before. And I got my finger on the pulse of pilgrimages around the world.


And I hadn't heard of it. So how did these people from the Mediterranean in the 18th century end up on this pilgrimage? Yeah. That may be a mystery forever, especially because there's no legends or folklores associated with it. But I think a lot of the questions are gonna be unlocked because luckily since the lake itself is frozen over 10 months of the year, a lot of the bodies or skeletons or remains are preserved at the bottom of this, this lake. Because even when it's the, like the lake's melted, it's really cold and you don't want to go in it. Yeah. And so all it's gonna take is somebody to take a really comprehensive study of the remains in the lake. And again, who knows what, what weird stuff it's going to yield.


It's one to keep an eye on And I just, I love this mystery. To me it, it being answered is preferable to it remaining a mystery, which is kind of like the opposite of how a lot of unsolved mysteries are, especially historic mysteries. Yeah, for sure. Another good thing on the hope of finding something out about this is they did, the government did shut down that route to hikers and commercial hiking. So like that's, it's not gonna be disturbed by those knuckleheads anymore. No. And I'm guessing because it's a solemn occasion and the pilgrims are taking, you know, their pilgrimage seriously, they're probably not much messing with the skeletons at Ruku among the pilgrims themselves.


So I would think so now that you've done away with the commercial climbers, it's probably fairly safe now. Yeah. Agreed. Okay. You got anything else about Ruben Lake and the mystery of the skeletons there? Nothing Else. I don't either. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this as much as I have and since I said that, of course it's time for listener mail. This is just a, a very sweet, appreciative email. It's a little long, but it's a good episode for this one. Sure. Hey guys, for the sake of brevity, I'll jump straight in. My name is Samantha, I'm from Saskatchewan and Canada and today's my 30th birthday.


Earlier this year I made a list of individuals who, through their work, have greatly impacted my worldview and my goal was to write to the top 30 people who have influenced my mindset. And you guys are on that list. Neat. My spouse, And I, actually only rel only religiously consume your content for about a month out of the entire year during our road trips. You're the voices in our car and have been for years now. You've explained the Grand Canyon as we drive through Las Vegas, how tsunamis work. So we wind down the West coast and how dopamine works as we drive to Cedar Point amusement park. Yeah, it's an, it's an odd thing. I've almost come to associate your voices with my favorite weeks of the year that I look forward to And I. Simply wanna say thanks for contributing to those memories in an indirect way.


That's awesome. One comment I made and you're about to love this part, Josh, 'cause you get, you look pretty good in this network. Oh, okay. Sit up, sit up. One comment I made in my spouse during our most recent road trip to BC this summer was how you two speak to each other, the complete respect and appreciation for each other's personal moments. I can, for the life of me remember the exact details, but Chuck made some mention in one of the episodes about being able to relate to a difficult family environment when growing up. And the feedback given by Josh was in two parts. First to thank him for sharing that and to apologize that he went through that as a kid. And then to go on to provide commentary and move the episode forward.


That was one of the many examples of you both being stellar, wholesome human beings, And, I. Hope the people in your life tell you this often. If your audience can see this trait during the episodes, I cannot imagine how much more compassionate and empathetic you are in everyday life. Well, we may be more so on the show Actually. We're not that great to leave. One final sentiment though, guys. If, you ever have days where you grapple with your purpose question whether what you're doing has made an impact or feel the desire to know that what you do carries meaning? Please know that you have done that for at least one person for that. I cannot thank you enough. Samantha Kiel. Kiel with A Z. Oh really? Even better, Samantha, thank you so much for that.


We can't tell you how much we appreciate you for, for writing that to us. That means a lot. Especially the part about me And happy, happy birthday and also hello to your spouse. And we look forward to the next road trip. Yeah, be safe on your travels. Have fun and yes, happy birthday. And If, you want to be like Samantha and get in touch with us. You can do that. You can send it via email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everybody. Did you know Crumble offers new desserts every week? The Gourmet Bakery is on a mission to bring friends and family together over the best desserts in the world. With a rotating menu, you'll find a delightful mix of desserts that keep things fresh and delicious. Picture scrumptious cookies and light fluffy cakes that bring smiles to everyone. With a new menu debuting every Monday, there's always a flavor that everyone will love. Download the Crumble app today and make every dessert moment a celebration with those who matter most.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that Could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody, there's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.