
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now. Go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us.


Raise a glass of Sierra Nevada and you'll taste more than just a beer. You'll taste a trailblazing spirit. You'll taste pure ingredients, sustainable brewing, and a commitment to community. And you'll taste a world of flavor from the legendary pale ale to the citrusy and smooth hazy little thing and beyond it's flavor that takes its time so you can make the most of yours. See for yourself where fine beer is sold. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Taste what matters, please drink responsibly.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And this is Stuff You Should Know. The podcast. That's right. That we didn't start the fire edition. It's funny because I, I re that may have been the first time I've heard about The Rosenbergs Rosenbergs H Bomb Sugar. Ray Hum. What was the last part? I've never known what the heck he was saying. P-A-N-M-U-N-J-O-M. One word. Pan moon jam.


Brando the King and I and the catcher. Right, Right, right. Back up. What is Pan Muja? Well, I don't know buddy. You'll have to listen to the, we didn't start the fire history podcast because I was like, earlier today, I was like, oh man, what a great basis for a history podcast. No, Yeah, of course it was a thing. That's awesome. But you know, it's, it's got a shelf life. 'cause they, I guess went through all of them from, that's 21 20 21 to 2023. So was each, each lyric its own episode? I don't know. I mean, I, I would, I mean that's how I would do it. 'cause you can get a lot of mileage outta that song for Sure. That's really cool. Hat's off. Yeah, I didn't check it out.


But yeah, I mean, I didn't check it out how That's a man there. Surely they didn't do one each. 'cause there's so many references. It only ran for two years. Yeah. Unless it was a daily show. Maybe they just got bored after like halfway through. Yeah. They're like, forget this. Anyway, this is, that's Billy Joel's worst song probably. And this is, this is a, a podcast about The Rosenbergs. Well what was his best song? And If you don't say Uptown girl, you're wrong. Probably Miami 2017. I don't even know what that is. I've seen the lights go out on Broadway. That's a great song. But I'm a Billy Joel. Like super. I'm a Stan.


So are you really? Oh yeah. You didn't know that? No, I had no idea. Yeah, Glasshouse was the first record I ever bought that I've seen him live like a dozen times. I had no idea. I like, it's kind of cool to listen to Billy Joel now, but I, I suffered many decades of people making fun of me. 'cause I would like go see a pavement show and then put on Billy Joel the next day. Man. People just stink sometimes. Hey Man, you got, I have a variety of tastes, as do you. Yeah, for sure. And people should be left alone and not have their tastes made fun of. Yeah. I'll go to for Billy Joel in the day of the week, my friend. I'll tell you who maybe should have been left alone.


And that's Ethel Rosenbergs. Yeah. I guess we should give a sort of an overview of this before we dig in. Yeah, fair enough. So The Rosenbergs Julius and Ethel Rosenbergs were a married couple. They lived in New York City, were from New York City, and they were convicted of committing espionage in 1951 and executed and put to death, which was, it's, this is a very big deal for a few reasons. One is because a lot of historians basically say like, I don't think Ethel did this. And she was probably innocent even though Julius did. And a lot of people say, and even if he did, and she might have known about it, like executing these two people with two young sons when no one else was getting executed for this at the time was a travesty of justice.


Yeah. And as we'll see, they got caught up in Cold War Communist hysteria. Yeah. And we're basically put into a deadly game of chicken essentially, is what, what it amounts to. And Totally. It's one of those blemishes on the Department of Justice that's never really gonna go away that they did this. We'll. We'll see. We will explain. But it, it's just a sad story all around. And we wanna say Julius Rosenbergs definitely was a spy for the Soviet Union. An enthusiastic one whose spy career LA spanned more than a decade. Yeah. Ethel probably was in some way, shape or form at least abetting it, if not some way minorly supporting it.


She may have also played an even bigger role, but I personally do not think that both of them were innocent. Some people say that just based on the research I've done, it just seems clear as day that they weren't both innocent, but to put them both to death. They were the not the only spies who were caught and convicted during the Cold War. They were the only spies caught and convicted during the Cold War who were executed. Yeah. And that's what makes the whole thing so significant. Yeah, for sure. So let's go back and talk a little bit about their early life. We can kind of breeze through this first part, but I mentioned they were both born in New York. Ethel was born there in 1915, had a few brothers, went to Seward Park High School.


She was big into theater and this would come up because she loved to sing and dance. And later on when she started to get a little political and was going to union events, she would like perform sometimes I guess to, you know, just make it a little more fun. Like, hey, here's, we're at the union meeting and now here's a song from Ethel, I guess at the time. Greengrass. Yeah. The, the Communist Blues with a nice little communist tap dance. Julius was also born in New York. He's a few years younger, born in 1918 to Polish immigrants. And he also went to Seward Park High School, but I don't think they knew each other there. It seemed like they met when he was at City College and she was working as a secretary.


Yeah. And by this time when they met, they had both their interests in, in communism had definitely blossomed. Yeah. I think Julius is even more than Ethel's by then. But Ethel I think had participated in a strike and was fired from her workplace for participating in a strike. And she was like, Hmm, I think I'm into workers' rights now. Yeah. So when they met, it was at a charity benefit for the International Siemens Union Union. S-E-A-M-E-N. Yeah. And so they were both like, I'm a communist. You're a communist, let's get together and And make little communist babies And do the communist shuffle.


Yeah. Yeah. He was definitely more into it. He joined a group called the Stein Met Society who was an affiliate of the Young Communist League. And he had a couple of friends that are gonna come up later in a sort of a small-ish way, but just put pins and the names Morton Sobel and Max Lecter who were buddies he made while he was sort of in this affiliated with a young communist league group society. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they had very similar ideas to his. And in 1940, did you say that he trained as an electrical engineer? That's what he studied. No, but that's, you're right. Yeah.


He, he was hired as an engineer for the US Army Signal Corps and when he was hired, he clapped his hands and rubbed them together and said, what can I steal and pass along his secrets to the Soviet Union, essentially. Yeah. Basically he had one minor brush with the FBI in 1941. He was called into what's called a loyalty meeting, I guess, to sort of sniff people off the case and see how loyal they were to the United States because they found a couple of mentions of Ethel in the FBI files. One that she had signed a petition for a communist city council candidate. And another that was just a, a someone who gave a tip that accused her of having communist leanings.


But he was like, I'm not even into politics that much, which is a lie. Right. Let alone communism, which is also a lie. And so they pretty much dropped the case case and in 1942 they moved to the Lower East Side to the Knickerbocker Village and started having those baby communists, like you said. Is the Knickerbocker Village still around? Is that like a neighborhood in the lower East side? I don't hear it referenced. I mean, I'm sure you could tell where it was, but I don't, I don't know if there are any modern references or signage or anything like that. Or I might be wrong, but I've never seen it. Maybe it's the KBV that all the cool people in New York talk about. What is that? Knickerbocker Village.


Oh, Gotcha. Okay. So we've, we've laid the foundation. There's Julius, there's Ethel, their kids have come along, they're both very loyal communists especially as we'll see. And Julius is big time into spying and he became a spy. It's not actually clear how that happened, to tell you the truth. There's many different accounts. One is Julius's account, which is that he never spied. Right. And he was framed by the government. Yeah. That's demonstrably untrue. His brother-in-law, David's account, which we'll get into more later, but he basically said that Julius would like, he actually went so far as to go to the Soviet Embassy in New York and said, Hey, can I do some spying for you guys?


Yeah. I'm a big fan. Yeah. Like he would, he would basically just, he, he wanted to spy. He was putting himself out there. And then there were a couple of others that are probably likelier than either of the other two. Yeah. One Soviet agent name Alexander Alof said he was just introduced to another Soviet agent at a Labor Day rally in Central Park. His name was Ian ov. And then other people said, no, it was another intelligence person. So we don't know how he got into it, but to set the stage of why he might've done this. It was a time in the 1940s when the US and the Soviets were allied against the, the Nazis.


And there are historians that say like, Julius didn't think he was betraying the us. He thought he was fighting fascism when he sort of started getting into spying for the Soviets. I don't know about that, but that's what some people say. Yeah. I think that's the most polite way you could put it. Another way to say it is maybe be betraying the United States was just an incidental part of it, maybe. Yeah, that's a good way To say it. But I saw that, oh, one of the things he was well known for, it's like he hated fascism so much that he would like, like be seen walking down the street and be like, I hate you fascism. And he'd be punching the air. Yeah. He hated fascism. Yeah. So that was one of his big motives for sure.


Yeah. And in 1942, so he was hired in 1940, I guess he laid a little bit of groundwork for people trusting him in 1942, he started passing weapons information to the Soviets and some pretty big ones too. One of the ones I saw was a proximity fuse. And that is a tiny radio that is used in anti-aircraft guns that basically tells the anti-aircraft gun, okay, that plane is now in in range to do maximum damage to it fire. Yeah. That's definitely something you want to have on your anti-aircraft gun. And he passed that along to the Soviets. That was just one example.


And he was, he was firsthand by Simeon Ov, who you mentioned earlier. He got handed off then to Alexander Fov, who you also mentioned earlier. And so those twos account of how he got into spying are probably the likeliest because they were his spy masters when he was a spy. Yeah. Agreed. Also during this time, and this is pretty key, he was trying to recruit other people who had the sort of same political leanings as him and recruit them. And one of those people was the aforementioned brother-in-law. So this is David Green Glass, and this is Ethel's Ethel's brother. So in March, 1945, he was fired from the Signal Corps, the FBI said, wait a minute, you've got a, a Communist party membership card and it's got your name on it.


And he was like, oh, okay. So I don't work there anymore. I'm gonna start a my own business with Ethel's brothers, David, who I just mentioned, and Bernie, and it's called Pit Machine products. And that did not go well. I guess that it just wasn't a good business. I think David accused Julius of being a bad business person, he accused David of being a bad foreman. And by 1948 the company was almost not a company anymore. No. It was just down to the original investors. I just made scare quotes. Who were Julius and Ethel's? Two brothers, David and Bernie. Right. So another big part of this problem, I, I guess we should say what we're describing now is animosity that kind of grew up.


Yeah. Between David and Julius specifically, there was just some tension, even though they still remained in one another's lives, highly involved in one another's lives. Some historians point to this specific instance of them going into business together. Yeah. Which is always a bad idea to go into business with family across the board. Okay. Again, we'll go back to my original motto. Never trust family. Never trust family. Man. He'd been saying that for years. Yeah. Well, Julius Rosenbergs would agree with me. So would Ethel. But so David started to become resentful and there was animosity throughout this, this period.


And some people point to that as, as the basis of what came later. Yeah, for sure. David had borrowed a lot of money from Julius without returning it. So the animosity is building his wife, David's wife, Ruth. So their sister-in-law, The Rosenbergs sister-in-law, she, in February of 1950, was a lit of fire when her nightgown brushed up against the heater of her apartment. She had a lot of hospitalization and severe burns and high medical bills and gave birth to a daughter while she was recovering from this. So all this is just to basically set up, like you said, that David is, he's, he's in a pretty bad place in his life at this time.


Yeah. He is going through a rough patch. Yeah. So we'll talk a little bit more about what happened, because there's different accounts depending on who you talk to. But what we do know that happened next was that they started to get caught. So the whole thing kicked off in February of 1950 when a guy named Klaus Fuchs, who was a physicist, he was British, he was discovered by MI six as being a Soviet spy. And he was a big time Soviet spy. Apparently the spying he did is estimated to have helped the Soviets skip ahead an entire year Wow. In their development of the atomic bomb.


Huge, huge damaging spy. And when he was caught, he implicated others, but he didn't know others' names. He only knew their code names. And he mentioned Raymond. Well, the FBI, the US government had what are known now known as the Winona cables. The, the US had cracked secret cables that were encrypted that the u the USSR had sent during World War ii. And in it, it talked about a lot of the spies working for them. And by having these vona cables and knowing people's different code names, they were able to basically root out at least a hundred spies using these cables.


And Klaus Fuchs was first, and then after Klaus Fuchs was Harry Gold, who was the Raymond that Klaus Fuchs mentioned in his confession. Yeah, that's right. So he was his US contact Fuchs US contact, and then eventually that trickled down and Gold led them to David Green Glass, the Rosenberg's brother, brother and brother-in-law. Yeah. So on June 15th, 1950, the feds got David Green Glass and they rounded him up, brought him to HQ to question him, and he was like, I'm not into espionage at all. Like deny, deny, deny, which is I guess the, the sensible thing to do.


But then they said, no, this guy Harry Gold identified a photo of you. And he went, okay, you got me. I am committing espionage. He was arrested. And he said, I passed on this, this atomic information, and, and we'll get to how he knew this stuff in a minute. I passed it on to Harry Gold in June, 1945. I was initially recruited to do this by my wife Ruth. And Ruth was recruited by my no good brother-in-law. Julius. Right. Key key to all this is that he never mentioned Ethel being involved at first. Yeah, that's a big one right there. Just put that in your pipe and stick it in your hat. Right? Yeah. Should we take a break now and talk about what, what came next?


Yeah, that's a good cliffhanger. Okay. We'll be right back.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you wanna have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now. Shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web, well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast with integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just Go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff STUF to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


So the feds have David Greenglass now who is one degree removed from The Rosenbergs and he is already implicated Julius, but not Ethel. So the FBI goes to start talking to Julius, they questioned him in June of 1950 and I guess basically the day after they started talking to David Green Glass's brother-in-law. Yeah. They Pretty quick. Yeah. And they didn't have enough on Julius to bust him yet. They, they knew enough because again, remember they had the vona cables and all of these people are mentioned in the vona cables. They had basically figured out who is who, but the vona cables were so sensitive and so highly classified.


The FBI, the Department of Justice could not use them in court. Oh yeah. So they could only use them as a background information and then they had to extract these confessions and piece together, like as if those things didn't exist. So they knew everything, but they had to basically get David Green Glass and then later his wife Ruth to talk. Yeah. Which they did over the course of a month or so. They started talking to Ruth, kept talking to David and about yeah, like one month later, July 17th, they said, all right, we got enough, we're gonna arrest Julius. And then a little less than a month later on August 11th after Ethel participated in the, the grand jury hearing for her husband, she was also arrested and they were both charged with conspiracy to commit espionage.


And that was under the Espionage Act of 1917. Yeah. Yeah. For some reason going and being just a part of a grand jury trial and then getting arrested right after I, I can't compare it to anything, but it just seems almost mean. Like there should be a break in between, like you think you're going in and you're gonna be fine and then bam, you get arrested on the, like, as you're walking out, it just just mean, It's like the, when they invited everyone to the football game, the criminals. Yeah. That was a good one. Operation. What was that? Was it mince meat? No, that wasn't, that was the one where they created the corpse that they threw overboard in World War II to fool the Nazis.


Yeah. That inspired a Broadway show. But I think maybe a Broadway show should be inspired by the, the Redskins football game. I agree. And I'm surprised that it hasn't happened yet. Yeah. Or at least a Simpsons episode. I'm wink surprised that hasn't happened yet. No, it did. Remember we talked about it where they had the free boat giveaway? That's why I said wink wink. Oh, Gotcha. I I didn't know you were winking at me. Me, you're Like, I thought you were just flirting. Right. Alright, so we should tell the story, and this is the official story according to the Department of Justice on how this all went down. So we're just gonna kind of tell it that way to begin with. Yeah. I mentioned David Green Glass had atomic secrets and how he got those was, he was in the Army in 1943 and he was transferred to Los Alamos in August of 1944 and was around the work of the Manhattan Project all of a sudden.


Yeah. He was rubbing elbows with Oppenheimer. Yeah. So that was August of 1944 when he started working on the atomic bomb project. A few months later, Ruth came to visit David and his wife. Yes. Ruth, his wife Ruth. So by this time when she came to visit her husband in Albuquerque, she had actually been recruited as a spy by at least Julius Rosenbergs. And she essentially went to Albuquerque to convince her husband to become a spy. All all of these, like both couples were very much into the Soviet Union, very much into communism. So they have very similar views. This wasn't like, didn't take a lot of persuading from what I understand.


And she basically said, Hey, Julius figured out probably as Soviet handlers told him that you are working on an at the atomic bomb project. So he wants you to tell me everything you know about it, and then I'm gonna take it back to him. Then he is gonna pass it on to the USSR and our glorious leader, Joseph Stalin. That's right. January of 1945, David went back to New York on furlough and just a couple of days after he got back, Julius came around, knocked on the door of his apartment and he said, Hey, what else, what else you got for me on this atomic bomb? He said, write it all down. Anything you can think of that's useful, I'll pick it up tomorrow. His wife, David's wife, Ruth was like, his handwriting is terrible.


You're not gonna be able to read this. And Julia said, according to the DOJ said, not a problem, Ethel did I mention to you as a secretary, she can type like the wind, she'll type everything up. So it's nice and neat and orderly and we'll all be a, a working family together in this espionage project. All attention will dissolve right after we start spying together. Yeah. And that same furlough visit in January, 1945, David and Ruth have dinner with The Rosenbergs and they're actually introduced to a Soviet operative named Ann Sid svi. And the, a really interesting plan is hatched here that ultimately leads to the downfall of David Greenglass.


Julia says, Hey, Anne is going to be your contact now. She's gonna come visit you in Albuquerque, by the way, Ruth, why don't you move to Albuquerque to be with your husband and you guys can spy more effectively together. Yeah. But when Anne comes to visit, you just give her all the information and she will give it to me. We should say there were people like Anne, like Harry Gold, their entire job was to act as couriers. And the reason why is because the Soviets rightly assumed that the, the Feds were following all of their operatives in the United States. So they couldn't possibly use an operative to connect two spies. They had to use a third spy to work as a courier.


That's what Anne was doing. But somebody said, what if, what if Anne like is indisposed? What if she, you know, gets a stomach bug and is just pooping everywhere? Or what if, what if she falls in love and runs off and gets married and forgets all about the USSR? And Julius said, I, I've got a great idea, a plan B If you will. And that is where the phrase plan B was coined. Are you messing with me? Okay. Yeah. So one small detail here is that Anne was in Denver. So Ruth would get the information from David and Albuquerque then visit Anne and Denver to pass this along. Right. And if Anne had that stomach bug, this was the brilliant plan that Julius came up with.


He, he said, hand me that jello box over there Raspberry. And they were like, we've already, we've already had dessert. Why do you want this jello box? He ripped the jello box open and took one of the cardboard pieces and he ripped that in half handed Ruth one and said, I'm gonna give this other half to someone with a secret identity that you don't know yet. That's our Plan B person. So If you show up to Denver and is not there and somebody shows up with this jello box half that I'm holding and showing you, remember it's gonna match, you can put it together like a locket. Yeah. That, that will be the confirmation of their identity, which is so lo-fi it's actually kind of brilliant.


It is brilliant. And I think that jello boxes, those two pieces are in a, a spy museum somewhere. They got it. And rightfully so, but it actually came into play because Anne did get indisposed in some way that I hadn't figured out. And Harry Gold, who again, one of his jo, his only job was as serving as a courier. He showed up in New Mexico on David and Ruth's doorstep and said, Hey, Julius sent me I'm spy. And they said, you got the, the password, you got the code, you got the, I don't know, what would you call an object that serves as a password passkey. They, they probably said, do you have the rip piece of jello box?


Right. Or, or they said, I am the key master. Are you the gatekeeper? Yeah, Zer. Sure. So he said, yes, I, I am the key master. Check this out. And he produced the half of the jello box. And Ruth, what a moment. Yeah. Ruth or I, I think it was one of the other Ruth or David produced the other half and they put it together and they said, let's, let's wrap brother. So he's now the guy David writes up as much as he knows at that point, you know, the extra stuff about the bomb that he, you know, since the last meeting. And also like, here's some other people that, you know, they're always trying to recruit people within Los Alamos and elsewhere.


And Gold said, great, thanks a lot. Here's 500 bucks. Which is interesting 'cause they, I mean these, they weren't doing it for money. Right. Was this just a, a bit of a bonus for being a good soldier? I think so. I don't you, I Don't know. Not chump changed back then nor now. No. I mean they were definitely true, true believers in, in communism and fighting fascism. So maybe it was just a little a Len Yap. Alright, so they gave him 500 bucks September of 1945. He went back to New York. David did on another furlough, and here he provided information right to Julius's face. Said, here's some more notes. I even drew a sketch of the atomic bomb.


Julius was like, this isn't very good. And he said, no, trust me. It, it looks basically like that. And he, he claims that Ethel typed up the notes and then Julius burned those notes in a frying pan, gave David 200 bucks for his troubles. And that's where we find ourselves. Yeah. When I saw that frying pan detail, I was like, God, how long did they have to heat those up to get 'em to catch fire? And then I realized I they were using the frying pan as like basically a fireplace. Yeah, yeah. I got it now. But it took me a couple days that that That'd be very funny In the movie though, it's just like, just another 45 minutes. Right. What's the flash point for jello boxes? Right.


So are we, are we at another stopping point? Yeah, let's Do it. Okay, we're gonna stop everybody as we just hatch down


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anna Bay Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years, don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. Strawberry me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry, do me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Hey everybody, host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the head. Start embracing the journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Yeah. In each episode Nora shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them. Navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment. In spite of it all, you'll Get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships and their family life. Joined by headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan, nor listens as guests share their chronic migraine experience all connected by a common theme of resiliency new to the show. We'll check out the first two seasons available now and definitely worth a listen and join the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the headstart, embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, we're back to the contemporaneous present. When everyone had been arrested, basically right outta the gate, David and Ruth, the husband and wife team, the green glasses hired an attorney named o John Rogue or R or Raje, I don't know how you pronounce that. R-O-G-G-E. And so they had a pretty good attorney and he said, Hey, here's what you gotta do. Let me ask you this question first. How much do you like your sister and her husband? He said, because what we should really do, If you want to get outta this, is we should blame The Rosenbergs. And If you can make a case against them, then they're probably gonna let you off pretty light. And he was right on the money with that line of thinking.


Yeah. And, and the green glasses said, sure, why not? I have a pet theory that if David and Ethel had been closer in age, she was seven years older than him. Oh you may not have betrayed her quite as easily, but interesting. Seven years is a pretty decent amount of distance between you and an older sister. And yeah, I think that makes the betrayal all the, all the easier. My sister's six years older and I would totally sell her out. There you go. So my pet, my pet theory is correct. That's right. So they, this led to basically a, a different account. Some people may say it was an account that shifted. Other people might say no.


David just basically lied about Ethel's involvement. Yeah. And you might be wondering like, well what's, what's the rumpus here? Like they had Julius dead to write. It's like, why did they need to get Ethel involved? This is because they were living in a time of the j Edgar Hoover, FBI and prosecutors like Roy Cohn, who basically were like, Hey, If you want to get Julius, you gotta get his wife involved and and use her as as leverage basically. Yeah. And the other thing too is even though they had Julius deader rights, he was not cooperating in any way, shape or form. He maintained his innocence until the very end. And they wanted more sp they wanted to flip him and get more and more and more people.


Yeah. So they used Ethel, like you said, as leverage and they ended up picking her up based on the green Glass's testimony. Remember when David Green Glass's first, first question, he does not mention Ethel. He mentions Ruth, his own wife. He mentions his brother-in-law, Julius, he does not say Ethel was part of the spy ring. Now all of a sudden he is saying she definitely was. And then even more damning before like the Department of Justice came and said like, Hey, why don't you, you just touch a perjury to help our case out. He gave that grand jury testimony the same grand jury that Ethel was arrested right after rather unfairly.


And he said point blank, Ethel was not involved in this. Yeah. And we know all this is true because in 2001, David Greenglass said, yeah, I lied about my sister 'cause I wanted to save my own wife. Yeah. I he lied during the trial. He perjured himself, he admitted it. So not only did he perjure himself, he perjured himself to implicate his sister, which a lot of people think she was basically innocent if not fully innocent. So that's a really hard thing to swallow, but we're still not done with the DOJ and and what they did here. Yeah, for sure. Juli Ethel were tried together along with Julius's college classmate that I mentioned at the beginning that I said to put a pin in Morton Sobell, you can take that pin out now.


So the three of 'em were being tried and if David and Ruth hired, you know, an attorney that had a pretty great idea to blame it on The Rosenbergs, they did not hire well because they hired Emmanuel Manny Block and I think that was Julius's attorney. They had separate attorneys. And Ethel was his father Alexander. And neither one of these people were criminal attorneys at all. No. Alexander specialized in facilitating the sale of bakeries. I don't get it. I don't understand why they hired them. I didn't see, I, I don't know. There, there had to be some connection. I, I doubt if they just yellow page that, you know. Yeah. I Maybe they were trying to help their careers. I don't know.


But it was, Somebody probably knows. I bet someone will let us know. Yeah. So the prosecution had a bunch of federal prosecutors led by Irving SA Paul who time called the nation's number one legal hunter of top communists. Not who you want prosecuting you If you are a spy for the Soviets. And then the judge was also not the judge he wanted to draw. His name was Irving Kaufman. And he was known for hating communists and he used his bench to essentially punish them as harshly as he possibly could. He was the kind of judge who would actually add 10 years onto whatever sentence the DOJ was asking for in, in trials of communist spies.


He was that kind of judge and that's who they drew. You'd be funny as if who let us know about the connection to those attorneys was Billy Joel. What if he sent us an email, said, I know this guys and attached you'll find a an additional verse that I cooked up for you. Oh my God. To We didn't start the fire where I explained about the bakery guide. Yeah. And he'd be like, PS what's this with my worst song? Crap Chuck. Right. Oh man, I can't believe I said that out loud. Yeah. I have to edit that out. We should just, what I meant to say was there is no bad Billy Joel Song. That was perfect. There you go. We'll just clip that out and put it over what you said originally. No, I'm gonna leave it in. I'm gonna stand by it. Hey listen, it was a big hit, Billy, if you're listening, I love almost everything you ever did.


But you can't win 'em all. That's a great lesson to learn, Billy Joel. It really is. Okay. So one thing we should point out, getting back on track here about this trial and the prosecution, which hated communists, the jury of 12 had one black man, one white woman, and no Jewish members on the jury. The other were 10 white Christian men who all were in favor of the death penalty. Yeah. Which, you know, in their defense, like you can't be on a capital jury If you are in favor of the death penalty. But still, it was not the kind of position that you would want find yourself in.


Like, this is a, I never thought about that. I guess that's true, huh? Yeah, I think we talked about it about it in the jury episode, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, that's, that's where I got it from. Which means it could be wrong, but Yeah. Well If you, If you were against a death penalty, you'd just gum up the works. They don't want you in there. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So they're, they're in a pickle, I guess is what you want to call it. And they're still like, this is all wrong. We're just, we're maintaining our innocence. And the prosecution said, oh yeah, we'll sit there while we trot out a bunch of witnesses against you guys. They brought Max Lecter who was a classmate with Morton Sobel and Julius remember? Yeah, Ruth's brother-in-law.


Louis Abel. And I guess that was from, I guess she had a sister. I didn't see that anywhere. George Bernhardt, who was Julius's Doctor Harry Gold. The the courier. The the for the Soviets and Elizabeth Bentley, who was also a former spy and each one had quite a story to tell. Yeah. And if you're wondering like why did they get Julius's doctor in there, it's because he testified that Julius had inquired about going to Mexico and like, what inoculations do I need to get if I go to Mexico like very suddenly. And the prosecution was like, Hey. And I just made it to the very suddenly part. But the prosecution basically took it that way and was like, Hey, this is evidence he was gonna, he was gonna flee. He was gonna go to Mexico, get that doctrine here.


Right. So let's see, Elizabeth Bentley, the former spy, she said I saw him or somebody who looked like him once talking to Jacob Golos, who was a known Soviet operative and the head of the communist party of the USA in Knickerbocker village. The KBV no less in 1942. It's a little thin. Some of the other ones were a little more damning too. Yeah. By the way, I know I sounded very dumb earlier when you said KVV right after Knickerbocker Village. And I didn't pick up on that in my defense, I thought it would've been kv. 'cause Knickerbocker is one word. That's what confused me. Yes. But people like to like No, I'm, I agree.


I'm just, there's like three just letting everyone know I'm not an, not a a hundred percent moron. I'm just 50% moron. No one thinks you're a moron's. Not true. Or even 50% of a moron. You should read the internet People. There's plenty of people who don't like me either. Oh No. People, You can't take that personally. There Are people that hate us. No, I don't, I don't read that stuff. Good. Again, they can soak their heads. That's that's right. Kick sand, touch grass, all those things. So like, I so like I said, touch grass. You haven't heard That? No. Is that like you, they've been knocked down? No, I think touch grass is a more modern thing. Like when people are just social media fighting, someone will say touch grass.


Like, you know, get off the computer, go outside. Oh yes, yes. Yeah. Okay. I think that's what that means. Weirdly, I came across it for the first time within the last couple weeks and I promptly forgot it. Yeah. Well you know what they should say, smoke grass. Right? Quit internet fighting. Go smoke some weed. Yeah. So what about Max Ter? Who was that? Oh, he was the former roommate I think. And he came out in testimony against him too, right? Yeah. He said Julius tried to recruit me as a spy. Yeah, that's right. Not good. Louis Abel, Ruth's brother-in-law said, Hey, I got some money from Ruth and David and If you know David, that is weird. So I asked him where they got it and he said Julius gave it to them and I suspect for spying.


And, and Manny Block stood up and said objection. And the judge said, overruled. You call me, you call me lover. Yeah. His dad's over there rolling some biscuits out. Right. Oh, I'm glad you said that. 'cause I have to get this out there. I don't know where it came from, but it will not leave my head. Oh no. That sir mix a lot. Buttermilk Biscuit song. It's just, I don't know that song. Parts of it are are you don't No, and I love Sir Mix a lot. I just, I Don't know the song. It's a weird like novelty song that he had like very early on. Surely from his First novel. I'm not like the rest of his serious work. Exactly. It's even more novel than his later stuff. Yeah. Oh man.


Seattle Zone. What a legend. I didn't know he was from Seattle. Yeah. Yeah. Because when they did the, do you remember the Judgment Night movie and that amazing soundtrack? I remember the movie, Well the movie wasn't great, but the soundtrack was great 'cause they paired rock bands with the hip hop artists. 'cause that was a big thing at the Time. Oh yeah. And so Mix a Lot and Mud Honey were paired 'cause they were Seattleite and their song was awesome. Nice. Remember Body Count with Iced Tea? Oh yeah. I saw them at the first Lollapalooza. Nice. That was when Iced Tea was still making music and wasn't like he was on that. He's on that cop show forever now. Right? Yeah. I mean this is a rapper who had a song called Cop Killer. Yeah.


And he plays a cop and apparently he's gone through, I never thought about that. Through some like metamorphosis in the eyes of police and people who support police I bet. From hating him to being like, Hey, he is actually kind of a good guy. 'cause he plays a cop on tv, so. Well it's really interesting. Yeah, No, I remember at the time, boy, he was persona non grata for law enforcement For sure. And iced tea didn't care. He's like, just watch. I'll be back in the most surprising way you can possibly imagine. They went as literal iced tea. He's like, well not that surprising. Right. The second most surprising thing you mean you play a cop on a TV show? That's It. Yeah. He said, yep. Bingo. That's what he was known to say. Bingo.


Oh man. We're getting really sidetracked. This is a fun one. Who knew The Rosenbergs are gonna bring this out? I did not know. So it was a three week trial and all, like you said, they till the end said they were not guilty. The trial concluded in March of 1951, guilty, all three defendants sentenced. The third guy, Morton Sobell to 30 years in prison, sentenced The Rosenbergs two death saying their crime was worse than murder. And that their work caused the communist aggression in Korea. So they were really taking the fall for a lot here. There were a lot of appeals that were launched by Manny Block and Company petitioning the Supreme Court delayed things by a couple of years.


All of those failed. But he did launch a pretty successful media campaign that got a lot of people very interested in the Rosenberg's sentence. Yeah. He, he finally got a newspaper to agree to look into the case. It was the National Guardian, a very left wing paper. And they investigated it and produced a very sympathetic, what I take to be long form article on The Rosenbergs case. And that, that article created a bunch of other press which spread further and further really drummed up public sympathy to the point where they were holding vigils where a thousand people would show up in cities around the world in support of them.


And people thought like, this is not, this is not right. Pablo Picasso, Albert Einstein, the Pope, they all said like, these people should not be executed. Certainly not Ethel should be executed. And the judge was like, I I don't, I can't hear you. He had his fingers in his ear and was like, la la la Yeah. And there are historians that say like this all just sort of organically came about because of this press. The DOJ of course was like, no, no, no. The Communist Party of the United States and the Communist Party overall launched a propaganda campaign on behalf of The Rosenbergs. So, you know, it's a a bit of a he said, she said, or they said, they said in this case, right, but here's the deal on the execution.


You said it was a game of chicken early on. And I'm sure people that noticed that, that mention were like, what is Josh talking about a game of chicken? And this is what you were talking about was the idea was even Herbert Hoover did not want to execute them. And it was all a ploy to try up until the last moment even there were supposedly people on the, on the walk to the electric trailer that were like, still wanna change your mind because you don't have to die right now. If you wanna give up some names. Yeah, yeah. The, so the, the execution was essentially leveraged just like they used Ethel. They, they railroaded Ethel into a conviction to use as leverage against Julius to get him to flip on other spies.


They used the, the death sentence in the exact same way. And they expected one or both of them to be like, okay, here. Okay, that's fine. Let's not, we got two young kids at home. Let's all just cool off. We'll give you some names and some information. And Ethel Rosenbergs and Julius Rosenbergs did not do that. And in fact, there was the head, I think he was a Deputy Attorney general at the time who said, Ethel Ethel Rosenbergs called our bluff. So rather than one man party, the DOJ or The Rosenbergs veering off at the last second, they crashed head on. And Ethel Rosenbergs and Julius Rosenbergs were put to death, even though essentially no one thought that was the right thing to do.


And that's how they went down. Yeah. And it, I mean, didn't you find too that Hoover, even himself, got in touch with the judge and was like, Hey listen, we don't want you to install the death penalty here. And the judge was, had his fingers in his Ears. Yeah. The FBI took an official stance that the, that Ethel in particular should not be executed. That was the official stance of the FBI. And it still happened anyway. It Wasn't a good look. No, I mean they were worried about the optics for sure. Of especially 'cause they were Jewish and, you know, coming off the heels of World War ii. And they were like, they, they've got two young kids, you cannot execute this woman. Yeah. And even more so Manny Block, remember he was like an appeal machine.


He had one last Hail Mary appeal that was on His, that was on the, the billboard on the highway. Yeah, exactly. With somebody holding a check for a million dollars that he got for them, for their bakery. So he, he filed one last appeal and he basically said, dude, you're going to execute two Jewish people at the beginning of the Sabbath. Do you know how bad that's going to upset the Jewish community worldwide? And Judge Kaufman, who was Jewish himself said, you know, I hadn't really thought of that. And Manny block's like, great, so let's postpone this indefinitely. And, and Judge Kaufman said, no, no, no, we're just gonna move it three hours earlier before the Sabbath starts.


Yeah. They were put to death at 8:00 PM and that judge was a real SOB mm. They held a funeral in Brooklyn on June 21st, 1953, where 10,000 people reportedly attended. They were buried, finally accepted after some closer cemetery said no at the Wellwood Jewish cemetery in Long Island. And the boys, it's just still hard to believe they didn't, not that one of them didn't, you know, for the sake of being a parent to their kids didn't recant, but they didn't. Yeah. And those boys, Robert and Michael were adopted by Anne and Abel Miracle. Little interesting side note here. Abel wrote the song, strange Fruit, Which have you ever heard the Susie and the Banes version of that?


Oh no, but bet that's great. Yeah, It's really good. That's how I first heard that song. She's Great. Another reference to the first Lollapalooza even who knew? Wow. That's really something. Wow. I know right. Did not expect that. No. Billy Joel is spinning in his piano stool right now. He's Like, I know I should have accepted that offer. I know Michael was got a PhD in economics and Robert Rosenbergs became an attorney. And both of them, they've dedicated their lives to trying to clear their parents' names. Finally, after years and years and years, they admitted like, okay, dad was a spy but not mom. Yeah. And you said that they were criticized by some people for, for basically choosing loyalty to Joseph Stalin over their two children.


Yeah. And leaving them behind. And David Greenglass, again, who lied to and got his sister and brother-in-law killed, said they were stupid. He said that was a really stupid thing for them to do, to not accept some sort of bargain to take the, the death penalty off the table. That's his opinion on the whole thing. Wow. That's what I said too. Yeah. And oh, I, I should say real quick, the reason that the brothers, the sons finally were like, okay, dad was a spy, was because those Winona cables we talked about earlier. Yeah. They were finally released starting in the nineties. And it showed quite clearly that Julius was a very enthusiastic spy for the Soviet Union.


And probably Ethel definitely knew about it, but she may have been involved in recruiting Ruth, and if she did that she was definitely a spy. Yeah. But again, that doesn't change most people's thoughts that they probably should not have been executed. Yeah, Yeah. Totally. Because I mean, that's a, that's a whole different argument. You know, it's like maybe they were guilty, but you should not have put them to death. That's what a lot of people seem to think. Yeah. I mean, including people from their own spying didn't even come close to the death sentence. It was just specifically leveraged. That just never got taken away because the government wasn't about to be like, oh, okay, you got us all right, we won't kill you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't do that.


It's just crazy. Boy. Yeah, this is a fun one. And there was a lot of jokes. I hope it didn't come across as insensitive. I mean, that's kind of what we do here. So not be insensitive, but just I'm glad you corrected that. Try to, you know, kinda make jokes about stuff. Yeah. If you can't laugh about everything, then what can you laugh at? Nothing. Exactly. Actually I don't know if that's exactly true, but still Yeah. Since Chuck said exactly. It's, That's not to examine that one. Exactly. It's listener mail time. That's right. This is about, we heard from a lot of our Canadian friends. We love it when Canada points out something that they know that we don't.


And in this case it's about Kohl's. Notes a great episode about the Cliff's Notes. Guys, the name rings a bell to me, probably through American Moves and tv. But as a millennial Canadian, I'm far more familiar with Cole's notes. Cole was a legendary bookstore across Canada, and so every location had a stand of Cole's Notes booklets focused on books and plays covering covered in the Canadian school curriculum. I even remember reading them in school alongside Shakespeare plays to understand the better. Yes, they were often used to cram before a test without reading the material. They were also used as coal intended chapters. Slash Indigo is the big Canadian book retailer now, and they bought out the Kohl's locations, but they still print and sell Kohl's notes today.


So that guy did all right in the Canadian market. Thanks for making me a little smarter each week. And that is from Natalie Good. Or son? Korm Sun. Great name from Alberta, Canada. Thanks a lot, Natalie. Thanks for making us a little smarter this week. We appreciate it. Big time. Yeah, and If you wanna be like Natalie and tell us something we didn't know, we love that kind of thing, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now. Go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us.


Hey everybody. I want to tell you about Temptations. America's number one cat treat brand. 'cause they're on a mission to show the world just how irresistible cat Dads truly are. And make 2025 the year of the Cat Dad. Because I gotta say, being a cat dad is great and it's a huge green flag because Cat Dads are some of the most caring and compassionate men of all Cat Dads yearn for a long lasting bond with their cat and irresistible temptations. Treats are key to helping foster and keep that cats lose their cool. Treat a cat in your life to Temptations, treats, and discover what makes Cat Dads irresistible@temptationstreats.com.


Traveling is one of life's greatest joys, honestly. Can anything be more exhilarating? Well, actually, yeah. With Chase Sapphire Reserve, it's your gateway to the world's most captivating destinations. First, you'll earn three times points for travel and dining, and the card gets you into the Sapphire Lounge by the club at Select airports nationwide, and access to one of a kind experiences. Whether you're booking a once in a lifetime trip or your next weekend escape. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.