
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity,


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture. X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Welcome To Stuff You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Ben here sitting in for Jerry. And this is Stuff You. Should Know. What? You're not gonna pick up the, the, the ball, The baton. Yes. We are doing an episode today on Rudolph diesel invention of, in Ventor of the diesel engine. And this was prepared for us by Anna Green, one of our riders. And Anna did a a, a great job.


Very exhaustive. Look, but this was a listener suggestion. And I went back to look at who it was. And it turns out there were three emails over the past, like couple of years to investigate Rudolph Diesel, Scott Simpson. I don't think my friend Scott Simpson, who's also a comedian, but who knows. Okay. Christian Coiner. And then very mysteriously Leo and Jenny. Oh, no. Last name. Yeah. Leo and Jenny. The last name isn't, and Jenny, right? No, the middle initial is n and the last name is Jan. Yeah. So thanks for these suggestions. 'cause this was, I didn't know anything about the guy, didn't know anything about the diesel engine. And now I feel good enough to get a, a jeopardy answer or two, correct.


For sure. Yeah. Call us Ken. I had no idea about this either. I didn't realize that diesel is technically a proprietary epi, or at least a proper noun. If, you see, like the diesel engine, the d should be capitalized because it was invented. It's named after its inventor Rudolph Diesel, who was working around the turn of the last century and a little bit before and a little bit after. And he was a German kid born in Paris to a father who, well, his father is a bit of a character as we'll see in some of the worst ways. But who was just a, he was an interesting person who made his own way in the world and changed it radically.


The irony is he changed it in ways that were the opposite of what he wanted to, or how he wanted to change the world. Yeah, for sure. And like many inventors, his story starts out as a child who was sort of obsessed with figuring out how things worked, a tinkerer who would take apart things. We, we've heard this story kind of time and time again, someone who would like, disassemble things in their house, put them back together as a kid in Paris. He was working for his dad a lot of the time or in school. And in 1867 came across his first internal combustion engine at the Paris World's Fair.


Yeah. When he saw the, the Auto engine, Nicholas Autos coal gas engine, like I said, at the World's Fair. Yeah. And this was a big deal. Other people had invented internal combustion engines before, but Nicholas Ottos was like the culmination of it. It was like the, the real deal. So the fact that it really struck young Rudolph Diesel, this would've been, oh, he would've been 15, 19. No, he would've been nine. Yeah. Imagine being a 9-year-old kid and seeing a internal combustion engine and saying to yourself, this is what I want to dedicate my life to.


Yeah. That was the kind of kid Theodore Diesel was. Right. And again, it was a, it was a, a big deal that, that he saw this, this engine, or I should say the engine itself was a big deal, but they didn't stick around Paris for much longer. That was 1867. Within three years, the Franco Prussian war broke out, and the diesel family said, we need to get outta France. Let's move to London. And they did. And the whole family took a downward turn from there. Yeah. I mean, I get the idea that it was just sort of moved, uprooted, moved to a new country and had a lot of time getting good work because their family did not live well there. Thankfully, at least for Rudolph. A few months after getting there, he was 12 at the time, his aunt and uncle said, come back to Germany, come back to Osburg live with us.


The, your uncle here, Christophe Barnacle will help pay for your schooling. He enrolled at the Royal County Trade School for three years while his family stayed in London. So when he graduated in 1865, his dad said, Hey, need you to come back to London and get some, get, get a job and help us out. Like your schooling is over. Rudolph said nine, I'm gonna stay here. I wanna be an engineer, which means I need to keep going to school. So he, he denied his father and enrolled at the Technica Chen there in what we call Munich, Germany. He got a scholarship to go there and very, what's the word I'm looking for?


When something happens, it's very important and Auspicious. Nah, no resolute. No, not the sort of the opposite of coincidence. Purposefully. Yeah. Particularly, Yeah. Perpendicularly. Just very importantly there, I will say met one, Carl von Linda, who would be his, a big person in his life, his employer at one point, and a mentor and friend. I get what you're trying to say. I can't think of the word either. Kind of like it was auspiciously, Like a, I said auspicious As fate would have it. No. Is auspicious. Right. Predetermination, predestination. Someone, Me, I know this is the kind of stuff people like are, I'm like, I like Stuff, You, Should, Know.


But there's a lot that I don't like about it too. you know, Where I was leading with that was from that point where he met Von Linda and was in school. He became fascinated by another proprietary Epi m engine, the steam engine invented by Danny Steam. Right. No, he came across the Carno cycle. Right. Wasn't that another thing that really kinda struck, struck him, floated his boat. Yeah. Besides Danny Steam's invention. Yeah. Well, the Carno cycle is this, it is a theoretical engine, external combustion engine that where every bit of energy put into it produces work.


Yeah. So it's a hundred percent efficient. It's essentially impossible, but it's theoretically possible. And that combined with auto's, internal combustion engine really kind of came together to give Rudolph diesel, like his, his purpose in life, his mission in life. And then, like you said, when he fortuitously met Carl von Lynch, that's the word. Yeah. Everything came together because now he had a mentor, a patron, a guy who gave him a job right out of, right out of school. And, and when you take like, the fact that his family was using their luggage in London as the furniture in their house, and his aunt and uncle came a call in and said, let's just pluck you outta this situation and put you on the road to your destiny.


And then you're going to go forth and change the world. Literally, your invention is going to fuel the second industrial revolution and put us where humans are today. You can largely thank Rudolph's Diesel and his invention for that. It's, it's just mind boggling the series of events that happened to, to do that and the effect that it had on the world. No, absolutely. He moved back to Paris eventually in 1880. And like you said, he went to work for Carl von Lin. I think it said Linda. I'm not sure I liked How hard to pronounce it. I just imagine him being like a seventies mom. I think in German it wouldn't be Lin. I think it would be Lin like with a eh at the end.


Sure. But I don't know about Linda. You know, like Linda's bagels. Right. What he worked for, for Linda as an ice guy, he, he had a ice machine company and he was all kinds of things. He was an apprentice for a little while. Sure. He eventually became a salesperson over this decade that he worked for him. But one of the other cool facts, and this is the Jeopardy question, maybe one of 'em. Yep. It's like, what other famous thing did Rudolph Diesel invent? He invented and got a patent for the ice cube. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, what? I, when I saw that, I was like, well wait, does that mean he invented the ice Cube? Yes, indeed.


Rudolph Diesel. Yeah. The inventor of the diesel engine also invented the ice cube. Yeah. Which I guess is the means of, I, I mean, maybe they just never thought of freezing ice in cubes before, I guess. But think about it, Chuck, we would be lacking one quarter of NWA had Theodore Diesel not come along, or Rudolph Diesel not come along. That's a good point. So he graduated, like, like we kind of put the cart in front of the horse, but he graduated and went on to get that job with Linda, Carl Von Linda. But when he did graduate from school, he had the highest grades in the history of the entire school. One of the reasons why he was a very serious student.


He was not some, even though he was well taken care of and funded, he was, you know, and he had a scholarship. He worked his tail off and, and took his, his his studies very seriously. So this kid was like, he was pretty put together for, you know, his age for sure. Yeah. Absolutely. So, you know, I said he worked there for a decade. Within that decade for about six or seven years of it. He, as after inventing the ice cube, which would help found NWA and I guess prevent ice tea from just being tea, Right. Or hot tea. Sure. Or even tepid tea.


Right. Tepid tea. That's, that's your rapper name. It Really is. Tepid Tea. Yeah. I'm neither hot nor Cold. You have to say it like you're slightly annoying. I'm tepid tea. Yeah, exactly. He started working on engines again. This, this idea popped back into his head, this memory of the Carno cycle of like, gosh, there's gotta be a way to make Danny Steam's engine more efficient. And for about six or seven years he worked on and trying to develop an ammonia powered heat engine. Ammonia was too volatile. So he eventually ends up back in Berlin with his, by this time he had a wife, Martha and three children and started working like in earnest on the internal combustion engine.


And I believe filed a, a patent in 1892. Yeah. I feel like we should take a break and then come back and talk about like, you know, how what, what, like this guy wasn't working in a vacuum. So what environment, what world he was working in when he was trying to come up with his diesel engine. Alright, let's do it. Stop you. you know. Stop, stop. you know, you know, stop. you know, stop. you know, stop. you know


Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Tom Slick. February 14th, 1958. We just heard it. The proof Owen Wilson is Tom slick mystery hunter To track the Yeti is an expectation of life and death. Mr. Slick, it's a mystery that does not want to be solved. That's why I'm here. We're gonna die jealous when chance arrives. Act, act God at any blood pressure checked after that. Mom, you don't have to listen to this if it's too much. These are my father's untold stories. I am listening. Join Claire in Live slick, played by Sissy Spacey and Skyler Fisk as they uncover the truth behind a man they thought they Knew. Listen to my show, Tom Slick, mystery Hunter on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your most thrilling adventure stories SK Should know.


So Chuck, I found a BBC article that kind of put the stakes out there pretty well about what was driving in part Rudolph Diesel's obsession with creating a a super efficient engine. And one of the things they said was that there was a ton of horses. I think they said in a city of 500,000 people, there were probably about a hundred thousand horses. And all of them were walking around pooping and peeing everywhere, all over the place. So an alternative to horse power was very desirable. And, we already had steam power, but steam power had its own thing going on. And in one, in one way, one of the big weaknesses of steam power is that it required tons and tons and tons of coal.


'cause you use coal to heat a boiler to boil water, to create steam, to run a piston. And then the piston turns the chemical energy of the coal into the mechanical work that, that turns something or makes something go up and down or does whatever. Probably has something to do with gears. I don't get it. But there was already, back in the 1860s, a book by a guy named Stanley Jevon or Jevon called the Coal Question. And this guy was already warning about peak coal, essentially pointing out like coal is a non-renewable resource. Everybody And, we are using it really, really fast. This guy was already ringing the alarm about it and the Rudolph diesel was exactly the kind of person who this, whose ear was out for this kind of thing.


So in addition to replacing the really inefficient steam engine in a, in addition to replacing, like letting the horses go retire and, and be put out to pasture, and then also about, you know, coming up with something that doesn't use coal. All of these things came together to kinda give him this mission in this drive. Yeah, absolutely. He went back idea, idea wise, at least to the auto engine, again, a an internal combustion engine. But auto's engine used a spark like, you know, a spark plug to ignite the fuel. And diesel still thought there's gotta be a better way. We, I don't think we need that spark. I think we can use highly compressed air that gets so compressed and so hot it will ignite.


And ended up sort of using this idea from a, a Tinder box that he saw that was a, a basically a sparkless way to ignite tin. And it was like a sort of like a syringe. It it was larger, it was about the size of a, like a bicycle pump, but a like a glass syringe that compressed air such that it would eventually provide that ignition. And he was like, Hey, if it works there, it could work in an engine. Yeah. And the genius of all this is, so again, steam engines are powering the industrial revolution. They've done their thing, they've completely changed the world, but the, again, they're really inefficient. I think they're about 10% efficient. So 90% of the energy in the coal is lost to heat to the environment only 10%.


It's terrible actually. Yeah. It's really, really inefficient. And so one of the geniuses of an internal combustion engine in the first place, but also specifically diesel's engine is it says, let let, what if we just got rid of all the stuff that led up to that piston moving and just like make the engine that piston and If you compress air enough, you're compressing the molecules really tightly really quickly. It causes them to become excited, which causes them to put off heat and If, you compress it enough, it produces enough heat that it can ignite fuel in that piston causing the piston to move up and down.


And that's ultimately what you're after is making that piston move up and down. So he got rid of all that stuff, the piles of coal, the big boiler full of steam, the steam itself and took the whole, the whole process right to the, the piston itself. And it worked really, really well. It turned out. Yeah. Eventually. And you know, we should probably talk a little bit about his big idea with this. It wasn't just he had, he had other drives besides making an engine that worked more efficiently. He was, he had this idea of helping the, the common person and you know, while, while Danny Steam's invention may have powered the industrial revolution, what, what did it do for the, the artisan in the countryside or the craftsmen or the small business person?


And I think I can build an engine that's small enough that runs on cheap fuel that doesn't require much, if any maintenance if you're kind of keeping up with it or you know, repair as long as you're maintaining it, rather that it can revitalize the countryside and, and make people, people in rural areas give them the same sort of chance to succeed by having the power of an engine at their disposal. Right? Yeah. Because those steam engines were so big and required so much labor, they just sucked people from the countryside and consolidated them in the cities and you wanted to do the opposite. And so If you have a light portable efficient engine that people in the, in the rural areas can use. Yeah. Like you said, it give them, it, it put 'em on equal footing with the industrialists of the city.


But also you mentioned cheap fuel too. One of his dreams was to make his diesel engine run on vegetable oil essentially. Yeah. Biodiesel is essentially what he was trying to do. And it was a viable idea for a really long time, basically the entire time he was alive. And that would've really given people in rural areas a leg up. 'cause 'cause they could have grown their own fuel to power the engines that they had at their disposal to run their arts and crafts fairs. Yeah. So he had, he had big ideas. He filed this patent, he went to try and get funding, a lot of skepticism obviously in that, in the finance role marketplace at the time.


And he got a couple of guys, Heinrich von Butz and Friedrich Croup to give him some money. Von Butz for his part was a managing director at Machine Fabric Alberg. And also said, Hey, you can take some of my factory space to work on this stuff. So Rudolph moved to Alberg in 1893, started working on this engine with that sort of tinderbox idea in mind. And the one thing he couldn't figure out, he was like a no compressing air can ignite this thing, but I just don't know how much pressure I'm gonna need. And for a little while it got a little dangerous in that machine shop.


Yeah. There, I guess there was no way to, to work it out on paper first he had to figure it out like in real life By compressing air. Yeah. Essentially adding some combustible fluid to it or fuel to it. So he did that. His first working prototype he demonstrated in the lab, I don't even know if it was a demonstration. I think they just tried it the first time and the, it compressed air so much I guess, and produced so much heat that the engine blew up and like you said, blew throughout the lab, like pieces of the engine went flying. But when, like, you can just imagine in the movie, like they rise up from behind like some big crate and everybody's hair standing on in, there's smoke coming off over there.


He's like, it worked in that he proved that If you compressed air, you could create enough heat to, to ignite something. You didn't need a spark, you didn't need coal or a boiler. You like his engine could work. And it had just been proven. Yeah, for sure. The second one went much better. It did not explode. The third one was the big sort of moment when the bell rang it, it ran on kerosene. He was 39 years old, which is pretty incredible to think about and felt comfortable enough to do a public test on February 17th, 1897 in front of an audience there at the machine fabric factory for the employees in engineers.


A few other firms were there. And it was a really big, big success in he, in that he achieved not only a working engine, but it was had a a basically invisible and almost odorless exhaust and reached an efficiency of 26.2% compared with Danny Steam's measly 10%. Yeah. And you're like, well that's, you know, not that much better. That is a mind-boggling improvement in efficiency over the, the, the existing technology that was just out of the gate. It was revolutionary. And like you said, I think Friedrich Koop, is that how you pronounce his last name?


Yeah, he was an early investor and I was like, that name sounds very familiar. And I went and looked him up on Wikipedia in honor of my reformed view of Wikipedia. And I found out that it was in fact who I've been calling Repp the same reper croup family that the gave rise to the Tyson croup international mega conglomerate from Europe. You've, It might be corrupt actually. Okay. So Tyson Krepp, you're familiar with that company, right? They're just enormous Sure. Two Ps. Yeah, that's right. And so I was reading a little bit about Friedrich Croup on Wikipedia and little known fact he used to ride a giraffe everywhere he went.


Oh, As you do, I have a few quotes if I may, because it's really hard to overstate, like you were saying, what a leap forward this was in technology. The one of his biographers, a man named his last name is Brunt, said it was the, the most disruptive technology in history. Wow. Winston Churchill called it the most perfect maritime masterpiece of the century. And if you're wondering what maritime has to do with it, we'll get to that. Just wait. And then no less than Edison said, it was one of the greatest achievements of mankind. Wow. So that's how big of a deal the diesel engine was.


Yeah. And again, so Rudolph is like, what? Like this is happening. Like I'm making this happen like this, the people in the country, in the the rural countryside are going to be safe. Like this whole industrialization thing is going to be reversed and kind of mellowed out and smoothed over and the world's going to be saved essentially. And it just did not quite go that way. I mean, just the very fact that he had Winston Churchill weighing in on how great it was, kinda gives you an indication that it did not go the way that he wanted. Yeah. Well one thing that did go the way he wanted was he made a ton of money off this thing once he had a a, a working prototype, people started literally lining up to get a license for this thing, just a license to, to build it.


Like they had to figure out how to build it and how to mass produce it and everything. But he ended up selling 22 different licenses over a two year period in 1897 and 1898 alone to people like Watson and Yarin and Yian and Scotland. Augustus, Augustus Bush bought the United States and Canadian license for what would be $9 million today basically fiat in Italy. Like people are buying licenses Le le hand over fist basically. And eventually he would even sell all of his rights and patents to the general diesel company for three and a half million marks.


And I tried to convert that to US dollars in 2024. What'd you get? Did you try? Yeah. What did you get? I got 11 and a half million US dollars today. I, oh boy. I got $350 million. Well, I don't, you could be right. I went to a German inflation calculator first and converted three and a half million marks from 1898 to 2 23 or 24 do marks. And then I went Are They euros now though? Right. But there was a selection, you could cha convert it to euros or marks, Deutsch marks. Oh, okay. And I, I clicked Deutsche Marks, I'm almost positive. And then I took that and exchanged it at today's rate for US dollars.


That's how I came up with it. but I mean, you know, me and math, you're probably right. Tick buttons and stuff like that. I'm, I'm not that good at it. No, I think your methodology was better. What I did was I went back to see what the Deutsche mark to the US dollar was in 19 or in 1898 and Pulled a few economists, I converted it to US dollars for, to 1898 US dollars and then did a, a calculation. So that's probably, oh, that's a good one. The wrong methodology. No, I but I mean it's crazy that they would be so wildly different, So wildly off. Well, so what was yours? Like 300 million? Yeah. And mine was like 11 and a half. Yeah, let's split the difference and save its about 160 million marks or US dollars today.


Well, I think your, I think your methodology is better, but either way he made a lot of money off of this thing. It ran off of, like you said, of potentially vegetable oil, but you know, kerosene, peanut oil, all kinds of things. And it was or could have been a boon to the, you know, this big idea that he had of, of the people in the countryside had it not been for the war machine. Yeah. So one of the things that all of these international companies who had licensed the right to make diesel engines were supposed to do was as they were developing their own versions, any technological breakthroughs were supposed to be shared with all the other licensees. Right. So the diesel engine itself would be cooperatively developed internationally, kind of like a, a human undertaking among, among the global community.


And I guess that worked for a little while. But then, like you said, when the first World War started to come around in tensions rose, the diesel engine came to be the center of an arms race between the UK and Germany. And despite being German of German heritage, a German citizen having created the diesel engine in Germany, Rudolph Diesel was not a fan of the, Kaiser was not a fan of the ultra nationalism that was starting to develop in Germany that helped lead the world to World War I. And he is like, I kind of like the UK and where they're coming from these days, I'm gonna move there and actually help them with their arms race to create the diesel engines that will be used to power this new scary technology called submarines.


Yeah. In 1912, he co-founded the consolidated diesel engine company with a, a British engineer named George Carells and the submarine. And that's why Churchill said it's the most perfect maritime masterpiece of the century, is all of a sudden you had submarines that didn't require tons and tons of coal on board, tons and tons of soldiers to shovel that coal, these big dangerous coal ovens. You had this like super efficient engine inside this thing. It was like, it totally revolutionized how submarines operated and thus how the war went. Yeah. I looked up George Carell's too on Wikipedia, and apparently he was known to giggle like a school girl at Dirty Jokes.


Really? No, no. I'm making a comment on Wikipedia, but I'm just kidding. Crap. I'm sorry. It wasn't intended every time to mislead you. I I it was really a targeted, it was targeted at Wikipedia. Well, Part of the reason that always works is because you're so good at, at digging up these arcane facts and so, but I tend to just be like, holy cow, listen to That. Wow. That's really something. Giggled like a school girl. You say, I just got Joshed. I'm sorry you got caught in the dragnet is what it was. So should We take another break? Sure. Alright, let's take another break. We'll talk a little bit more about Diesel.


Stop. You, you, you know, stop, stop. you know, you know, stop. You, you know, stop, stop. you know, stop. you know


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never, never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Tom Slick. February 14th, 1958. We just heard it. The proof Owen Wilson is Tom Slick mystery hunter To track the Yeti is an expectation of life and death. Mr. Slick, it's a mystery that does not want to be Solved. That's why I'm here. We're gonna die jealous when chance arrives. Act. God, I ain't but blood pressure checked after that. Mom, you don't have to listen to this if it's too much. These are my father's untold stories. I am listening. Join Claire and Live slick, played by Sissy Spacey and Skyler Fisk as they uncover the truth behind a man they thought they knew. Listen to my show, Tom Slick, mystery Hunter on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your most thrilling adventure stories, SS know.


So while all this is happening, I mentioned that he got married and had three kids. They were all in Berlin together in 1890, but when he moved to Alberg, like I said, to develop this engine, his, he left his family behind for five years. Then the family moved to Munich and then finally he said, you know, we gotta reunite the family. I'm gonna build my magnificent, most magnificent idea. Aside from that engine sure will be this mansion from architect Max Litman. And it was, it was quite a mansion. And in fact, even though he had a lot of money the way things turned out with him financially, I dare say that he overdid it a bit.


There was a bike track, indoor bike track for his kids. I mean, state-of-the-art stuff. Yeah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 bathrooms A lot for back then For sure. And I'm not talking outhouse, I mean bathrooms. I mean, I don't have five bathrooms in it's 2024. There was a staff, it's not that impressive because everybody had a staff back then, right? Yeah. I don't have a staff, But still, it was like a, it was a, a big deal. And, and not only was it a, a beautiful, amazing advanced mansion that he helped design this, put an end or a, a punctuation mark on years of living away from his family in different countries, like dedicating his life to this diesel engine and taking good care of them for what I could understand, but not being a part of the family.


He was a part of creating the diesel engine. And so yeah, by building this mansion, he was coming back home, coming back to his family and, and starting a new chapter. Restarting an important chapter of his life. Yeah. But it was a chapter marked by some poor health. I saw that he got migraines, suffered from migraines, gout. I know that he dropped a ton of money on this mansion. I don't think that like ruined him or anything, but he also made some bad financial investments apparently. And they're, they're kind of conflicting stories about how, how bad off the family was. But as we'll see in the end, it turns out that they weren't doing so great in the financial department after all In the end.


Right. No, I saw, I saw, yeah, I saw a lot of his early engines did not work very well. They weren't reliable. And so there was a lot of customers that wanted their money back initially. So like you said, there's a big debate over just how bad off they were. And Douglas brunt, one of his recent biographers from 2024 is at odds with a biographer from the seventies named John Frederick Moon. Yeah. Moon's like he, he was destitute and desperate. This guy was in dire financial straits. Douglas Brunt, who again wrote much more recently, 40 years, six 50 years more recently. Good god. He, he was like, no, actually I think that this was like a 1890s phase and that, you know, after the turn of the century started to make his money back again and that he was on okay.


Financial footing. Yeah. He was still really wrapped up in this, this big idea of, you know, saving the common person. In 1903, he wrote a book called or published one in, at least in 1903 called Solidarity Colon. Even back then, the Rational Economic Salvation of Mankind. When he talked about, you know, sort of this basically socialist ideas that he, you know, of, of the class division being, you know, not, not a good thing. And unfortunately nobody, I don't think it was a very good book. No one really read it much. No. Tell him what that one reviewer said. But it seems like, Yeah, there was one reviewer that called it a real pain to read.


That's not, that's not a glowing review. No. Not what you're looking for. Yeah. But in writing that book in conjunction with creating the diesel engine, he was quoted as having said that he solved the social question. Like he's like, here's the engine, here's the, here's what we're trying to do. I basically just saved the world. And he said that he was able to do what all the nations combined were unable to throw out the Rockefellers. And it just did not happen that way. As a matter of fact, when did he publish that book? 19 0 3, 19 0 3. Over the next 10 years he was still in a position and his engine was still in a position that it wasn't entirely clear which way it was gonna go.


It wasn't World War I fully yet, it was just the very beginning of it. I think he, he, there was still a really good chance that diesel engines would run on vegetable oil. It was very much up in the air. And in September of 1913, September 29th, I believe he went on a fateful trip more than a three hour truer, but it was not that much more like less than 24 hours, I think to go do a groundbreaking of the company that he co-founded with George Carells. Yeah, I got him, Alfred Lacomb, who was another engineer who was a pal of theirs.


And a few days before this, we should mention that he, right before he went on this trip, he gave his wife a, a brand new overnight bag and said, here's this bag, don't open it until next week. Very mysterious thing to do. But he went to T and got on the SS Dresden on the 29th with those three other two guys had dinner with them. Seemed like they had a good time. Yeah. And they were all in good spirits then. He was like, all right, dinner's over, I'm gonna go to bed. And he was never seen again. No. The next morning his companions, George Carrell and Alfred, they went to go rouse him and say, Hey, let's party this morning.


And he, he didn't answer. So they went in his room, his bed was not slept in his night. Clothes were laid out on the bed. His travel bag was there, his watch was on his travel bag. and there was, he was just nowhere to be found. So they informed the captain who had the ship searched, and in short order, they found his coat and hat and on deck near a railing. And his coat had been neatly folded, which is not a good sign. And when they made land in London, they, he was just not there. He was no longer on the ship. At some point, somewhere in the English channel, almost to the North Sea, Rudolph Diesel just vanished off the SS Dresden.


That's right. And what was in that leather bag that he gave his wife 20,000 German marks, no idea how much that is in today's US dollars, but it was a significant amount of money, let's say It was a lot of money. and there were also financial records basically showing that they were broke. So that sort of seemingly, at least at, at this point in his life puts to rest the question that they were financial troubles. Yeah. So, you know, here's some money, but our accounts are empty. The disappearance was a very big deal, obviously, and right away, because he had made a lot, lot of enemies. The Kaiser Wilhelm did not like him. John d Rockefeller did not like him.


and there were, you know, people saying like, could, could one of them had him killed? Is it foul play? Was it just an accident? Was it a suicide? Like no one, no one knew. And seemingly no one knows for sure, even though most people agree that it was suicide. Yeah. The folded coat kinda says something that it wasn't just falling overboard. That kind of Yeah. Does away with that one. And that was the initial one too, because he had, he had been said to have been in high spirits. George Carrell said that at after dinner, as they walked some, they walked him back to his state room. He said, I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. There another evidence or another bit against the idea that it was suicide.


His watch, like I said, it was set on his bag, but it was laid out in such a way that he could see what time it was when he would be laying down in bed. Not something you did If. you Don't Yeah. Like youd prop up your watch. Yeah. Like you don't really go to that trouble If you don't think that If you think like, I'm going to end my life in a couple hours. That doesn't matter. And then George Carell's also told the New York Times that he did that Rudolph did not suffer from giddiness. I guess that means that he would not have answered the call of the void is what he was saying. Yeah. This whole idea of murder, none of it really holds up to scrutiny when you investigate either the fact that the, the Germans came after him because he didn't help them build, you know, their engines for the submarines for the war or Rockefeller.


So those generally don't hold up when you look into 'em more closely. And like I said, most people say it was suicide, but they're the, the, what was his first name? Brent's name? Douglas. Douglas Bru, who wrote the Maurice, A biography has a theory that he did not die at all and that he was, it was sort of faked basically, and by the British. And he was shuttled away to Canada where he could continue working on these engines for the war. Yeah. There was a New York Times article in 1914 that said that as much that he'd been rumored to, to be working in Canada. Hmm. That is probably not true because about 11 days, I think 11 days after he went missing a body washed up.


So, okay. It depends on who you ask me or Chuck. It turns out his body either turned up at the mouth of a Dutch river and was taken as shore and taken into town and was identified or viewed by one of his sons as almost certainly his dad. But not a positive identification. 'cause it was too decomposed or, Well, I don't think the Dutch river part is debated. Oh, I thought it was, I thought they were out to sea. No, no, no. I, I saw everywhere I saw it was at the mouth of a Dutch river. Okay. He was just pulled outta the water. but I saw in a lot of places, including the Brus biography, that the body was returned to the water because it was just so unrecognizable and, and you know, rotted by that point, which is really Gross.


you know what, that doesn't make any sense That they put the body back in the sea, but kept the belongings that he had that I saw also disputed. I saw that there were everything from glasses case to a pocket pin knife to a pillbox. And I even saw one say that was an ID card recovered. I don't think that's true because that's, that's literal positive identification unless it's, you know, planted right on somebody to make it seem like a suicide. Other, most places I saw didn't mention an ID card, but they did say that the son identified the items and said, yeah, those are my dad's things. And then mysteriously among his possessions was found the tooth of a giraffe.


I don't believe that. That's good. You're like, no, that's the one truth thing. Right. So I mean, that's, no one knows what happened to him. There's no solution to that puzzle. Yeah. I'm going with that was his body, you Think? Yeah, suicide. Probably everything I saw was that he was in dire financial straits. And I mean, plenty of people have died by suicide for that reason too. Sure. Yeah. So it's, it's entirely possible. I don't know enough to be like, yep, that's it. But that's probably where I lean, I would say. Well, regardless of what happened, the, the, you know, the invention of that engine was, you know, you heard the quotes, it changed the history of the world in a lot of ways and such that just a couple of years ago, in 2022, a full 96% of trucks in the EU run on diesel engines.


And here in America it's a little bit different because we've been had a love-hate relationship with diesel over the years as far as trying to phase it out or other people saying, no, it's a superior fuel, but about 23% of fuel in the US is diesel fuel still. Yeah. And the reason why people say it's superior is because even though there's more CO2, there's more carbon in diesel fuel, diesel burns more efficiently than gas, so it actually releases less CO2 than gas does, even though there's more CO2 in diesel because less is burned over the course of say, 50 miles or something like that.


So it's true, but still it does, it is a polluter if you're trying to get away from fossil fuels. Diesel's included in there too. I remember having a couple of friends back in the day that had like a, a hand me, hand me down old, you know, seventies Mercedes, Mercedes-Benz diesel from their parents or something. Right. Or their grandpa. Grandpa died and they got one of those, you know, chuggy engines. I just remember they were very loud and it seemed like they just did nothing but spew black smoke everywhere. Yeah, I know. The diesel smoke is just so noxious too. It seemed like it. I mean, maybe they were old cars or not running right. I have no idea. But that's sort of my only memory of diesel engines. No, I'm with you. Yeah, they're still like that If.


you wanna know more about diesel in his engine, then just go read Douglas Brent's book on it. And since I mentioned Douglas brunt for the one last time, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this Harvard follow up with the old Puritans episode. Okay. Hey guys, in your recent episode on Puritans, you mentioned the founding of Harvard. I'm a graduate of the Divinity school and learned an interesting tidbit. I believe it was in the sixties, and the divinity school had fallen on kind of hard times. Enrollment was down, wasn't attracting the best students or teachers. So Harvard had the sensible business idea of selling it off. The court declared though, that if Harvard sold the divinity school, the the university would have to close its doors because the original charter states that the purpose to be educating a learned, learned clergy end quote.


Hmm. So if they stopped doing that, the school was no longer following its charter. Another wise choice later the university doubled down its support. And some three decades or so after it was the institution in which I spent three years on my way to a master's of divinity during orientation, the dean of the school said to us, you all belong here. So either we are not as elite as you had assumed, or you are brighter than you had thought. Oh, either way you belong here. Welcome. What a great message. That's pretty cool. Keep up the great work guys. You are, you guys are a gift in such divided and divisive times. Thanks for that. That is from Eric Wickstrom. Thanks Eric.


Reverend Eric Wickstrom. Thanks Reverend. Speaking of s it's funny that mention of how attendance was down in the sixties, so much that they were gonna sell. The divinity school reminded me of Reverend Lovejoy's origin story from The Simpsons. And he was saying, I can't remember, it was the early seventies, the sixties were over and people were ready to feel bad about themselves again. So good. Yeah. If, you wanna be like Reverend Eric, you can email us too, especially with additional info we didn't know. That's interesting. We'd love that stuff. You can send it to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy


Owen Wilson Stars in Tom Slick Mystery Hunter. An action packed thrill ride based on the mostly true tail of explorer, scientific legend, and alleged spy. Tom Slick. No one has been able to find the Yeti. It's a mystery that does not want to be Solved. That's why I'm here. Listen to my show, Tom Slick Mystery Hunter on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your most thrilling adventure stories.