
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website. Or domain


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is the brief overview of Cliff Notes. We're not gonna do the exhaustive encyclopedic documentary length Cliff's Notes episode. Nope. We are doing the brief overview of Cliff's Notes. I said it wrong the first time. It's never been Cliff Notes. It's Cliff's Notes. Yeah, I mean, the first thing we should probably say, because Jerry and the pre-show banter even got it wrong, even though I said Jerry, we're doing an episode on Cliff's Notes, she said, I used to get Cliff notes.


It's not Cliff notes. I used to say CliffNotes too in high school, but it is Cliff's Notes, as in the person's name was Cliff as we'll. Soon found out, find out. It used to have an apostrophe, then it just became Cliff's, two words notes without an apostrophe. Sure. Then it became CliffsNotes, all one word. But with that in Capitalized so Stylish, But it has never been CliffNotes. No, but everyone basically in the world calls it CliffNotes. Right. And we should tell everyone what this is If you don't know. I do know that they went around the world a little bit, but it feels like a very American thing. It is a, a study aid. It's ba basically sort of, I was about to say a, a CliffsNotes version of the book.


'cause it's so in the lexicon now. Yeah. But it's like If you went to read a book in high school in the eighties, like the Scarlet Letter, and you're like, oh God, do I really have to read The Scarlet Letter? You would go to a store and you would buy this yellow and black, very thin pamphlet. I don't remember how much they were then. They're only about 8 99 now. Yeah. And it would contextualize the work. It would summarize the work, give you character descriptions, basically everything you needed to know the night before to pass the test or write the paper. Yeah. And like you said, it's entered the lexicon. Most people can recognize it. Just that from that yellow and black cover, it looks like a minute Work album cover.


Yeah. Or striper. Striper. Yes. Very nice. Maybe that's where striper got it. Maybe. And then, yeah, just most people in America know what we're talking about. I do wonder how, how well known it is around the world, though. I, I mean, I think it's ended up going to 39 countries, but it just feels like a very lazy American thing, especially for Gen Xers to be like, I'll just get that and that's fine. Yeah. Because it's been long basically from the outset criticized for BA for being this thing that students read and use instead of actually reading the material, the book that they're supposed to read. Yeah. That actually ran a foul, I guess, of what the guy who invented these things intent was.


He always said, Nope, this is not what that's for. You're supposed to read the, the regular, you know, book. You're supposed to read the Scarlet Letter Chuck, and you're, whether you like it or not, doesn't matter. Yeah. And then you get the Cliffs notes and you understand it that much more fully. That was the point. That's right. And of course we're talking about Keith Hillas. Oh, I'm kidding. Clifton Heath Killas. His name was, was Cliff. A gentleman, was a, a true corn Husker as we'll see, he was born in 1918 out in the rural sticks of Nebraska. His father was a male carrier and he was a, a very smart kid and, and I would assume a smart adult because he studied physics and math at Midland Lutheran College.


And then was going to grad school for physics and GE Geology at the University of Nebraska. Go corn Huskers. Okay. But dropped out in 1939 to marry a classmate named Catherine Galbraith, at which time he got a job at Long's College Books as a clerk. And that company would later become the Nebraska Book Company. Yeah. So, long story short, cliff Hillas is was a very smart guy. I saw that he was said to read five books a week, basically his whole life. Or did he just read five Quick Summaries? I don't know. I just don't know because he is dead now and we can't ask him.


That's right. But he worked at the, the NBC Nebraska Book Company up until World War ii. When he went to the Army, he was a meteorologist for the Army Air Corps. So again, pretty smart dude. Ended up a, a captain and his wife Catherine worked as a clerk for the Manhattan Project. Yeah. So she was sharp as a tech as well. Yeah. I also, I wanna give big ups. Are we still saying big ups? Heck yeah, man. We're, we're old people. Okay. We can say whatever we want. I wanna give big ups to Olivia who helped us out with this, because there is not a, a lot of information on Cliff's Notes out there. Yeah. It's like, it's just not out there. You can get like the, the like, appropriately enough, the brief overview of CliffNotes and its history, but to really dig in and get the details you gotta get out there.


So thanks to her for that. She did it. I think she, she broke into the estate of the Hillas estate and stole a diary. She did. I think so. Yeah. And then also, I want to give big ups to mental floss too, because they did some really good reporting on it too. Some good digging. Yeah, for sure. Alright, so back to Cliff Hillas. He was in the Army then after the war, he went back to his old job at the Nebraska Book Company and he said, we knew You'd be crawling back. Yeah. And he helped transform them into a wholesale textbook distributor. And he ended up sort of traveling all over the country, buying and selling, used textbooks when a little trip to Toronto, Canada ended up being quite a good thing for the course of his life, right?


Yeah. Depending on who you're talking about. It wasn't that good of a thing for a guy named Jack Cole, the guy who we had dinner with in Toronto, who was a bookstore owner. And Jack Cole was like, Hey man, I'm gonna let you in on this, this business opportunity. I have these condensed pamphlets that basically are analysis of Shakespeare's place. I I publish 16 of them. And, and I think the quote from Cliff Hillas was, woo. Jack Cole said, yes, I know. Yeah. He said, I want you to be the American distributor of these pamphlets, which I call Kohl's notes. And Clifton Hillas said, alright, I'll give it a shot.


And started selling these things, publishing them in and selling them in America. And what happened from Kohl's notes, Chuck? Well, first thing we should say is he took great risk. And I'm not like, you know, weighing in one way or the other of the ethics of any of this, but Hillgas did take upon great financial risk. He got a loan for $4,000 to make this happen at close to 50 grand today, and printed up 33,000 copies of these Kohl's notes himself. And he and his wife, Catherine and their three young kids, like packed and shipped these things in, in their house out of their home for a little while, and were selling pretty good.


And then what happened, Josh? Well, yeah. So he, they were paying royalties to Jet Coal. That was the, that was the setup. And within the first year, I guess Hill of Gas was like nuts to that. I'm just gonna rename these things. Cliff notes. Yeah. Cliff's Notes. So they went from Kohl's notes to Cliff's Notes, I think the, the, the coal was heard to say. And Cliff was like, I can't hear you. I'm down in Nebraska. So I, I just see people gloss over this all the time. Like it's, I I just don't understand why it's not at all controversial, because he clearly just took, he just lifted the intellectual property of Jack Cole and took it as his own.


If to, to be fair, he rewrote and phased out the Cole's note stuff. But the whole concept, and even basically the name was the same. Yeah. I would argue that maybe the name is Intellectual Property, but I think in a court of law, a judge would say, like, you can't claim like doing a condensed version of a book as like an original idea that no one else can do. Because there, there, there were summaries before this. They didn't invent the idea of a literary summary. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But if law and Order has taught me anything, it's that you can't predict what a judge is going to rule. No, that's true.


But, and I do, I'm not like going to bat for Cliff. I'm just saying that I don't think that's one of those ideas you can say like, I hold the idea for condensing a long novel into a shorter version. No, I understand. And I'm not trying to like gun him down. I just hadn't gotten my gotcha today. So that was right. I do feel bad for Cole though. If it helps I do too. And I saw nowhere what his, his, his reaction was. Yeah. Or what he did. I I made up his quote of that was a joke. But yeah, everybody just walks right past that stuff. Yeah. For some reason. Yeah, For sure. And I refuse to, Well people, I feel like everyone is called out online for, for doing something like this. But old, old Cliff gets a pass, I guess.


'cause everyone got through school because of him. Yeah. That's the thing. So yeah. This is not to paint him as a bad guy. If you wanna know about him, he treasured letters that he got from students, thanking him for helping them get through school, which you and I can attest getting a, a letter, an email like that is really great. Yeah. So I guess that makes us really great too. If I'm saying that that's a, that makes him a good guy. That's wonderful. That really worked out. Yeah. He sold a lot of these pretty quickly though. I do like how Olivia put, he gradually phased out the original material. Right. It seemed like that happened within that first year. Yeah. But he was, it also, I also couldn't find when he stopped paying the royalties.


Was that during the first year or two? I'm guessing when it became Cliff, cliff notes, he, yeah. He stopped paying royalty Probably. Right. But nevertheless, between the start of when he started doing that in August of 1958 and just yet, six months, six months later, at the end of that year, he had sold 58,000 copies of these book summaries and pamphlets. And by 1964, but six years later, he was doing, he was doing all this on the side from the Nebraska Book company. He was able to quit that job by 64. And just the sixties were a big decade period. He quit that job in 64. He changed the name in the sixties from Cliff's Notes without the apostrophe to Cliff's Notes.


Big, big deal. And then he got divorced in 1966 and got remarried. Yeah. Later on he got remarried to a woman named Mary. Yeah. And I guess he adopted her two kids. Another thing that shows he's a standup guy's, really the only blemish on his entire lifetime is how he treated Jack Cole. That's true. But did those kids biological father get royalties? No. On those children. You named them Cliff's kids. They were originally Jack Coles. 'cause he stole his wife Mary. Oh man. And everyone just glosses right over that. Yep. Should we take a break? Sure. All right. We'll take an early break here. 'cause this one's probably a little bit shorter. And we'll talk about the early days of that company.


Right after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pet or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home Equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket Mortgage servicing date.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


We Learn so much stuff from Josh. So we should say, despite Legendarily reading five books a week, Hillgas didn't write any of the Cliff's notes. He was more like the business guy. He, yeah. He had, he had the idea you, you would put in scare quotes and he was running the whole operation. He had the vision for it. Right. So he hired other people and initially hired literature teachers like hardcore like, like hardcore, like they have crew cuts and wear like army boots and stuff like that. Kind of lit teacher.


Yeah. But he realized something very quickly that I'm sure developed a hardcore lit teacher who's been teaching the same book's, been teaching a scarlet letter for, I think we should not mention a single other book besides the Scarlet Letter in this episode. What do you think? Agreed. All right. Let's give it a shot. These, these hardcore lit teachers who have been teaching a Scarlet Letter or the Scarlet Letter, sorry, for 20 years technically I just named another book, Chuck. Yeah. For 20 years. These people know too much. Yeah. They understand the book too. Well, they know all the details that they just get mired down when they're writing a synopsis or something. It's just too intense for the audience, which is high school and college readers, usually undergrad readers.


Yeah. He was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Pump your brakes. I'm trying to sell these to lazy kids. Exactly. Like broad overview please. He ended up with grad students mainly saying that they did the best work, which makes sense. Sure. They work for free too. That's right. But we mentioned the iconic yellow and black design. That was something Cliff thought of himself. I remember the Mountain Cliffs even being on the additions I had when I was, you know, a, a student in the eighties. I don't think they had that anymore, but they had had these yellow and black stripes that just, it, it looks, I mean, it's a genius branding move just to do that simple little thing. Because Cliff's notes were so identifiable Yeah.


From, from across a bookstore the night before a test or something. You could zoom over to that, that spinning rack of yellow and black pamphlets. Yeah. They would, you'd walk in the bookstore and they'd call to You, don't bother come by me. Exactly. So one of the big things, I didn't know this, but one of the big reasons CliffNotes became the brand that it is today, which is to say iconic, is because they advertise a lot in the sixties and they very wisely went to where their readership was. They advertised in 17, they advertised in Playboy. They advertised in, well the Scholastic Journal.


I don't know how much of a return on investment they got on that, but they also advertised in college newspapers. Bingo. Yeah. And so, like if you're, if you're going to high schoolers and college kids and saying, Hey, we have something that you, it's, it's going to keep you from having to read a Scarlet Letter, the Scarlet Letter. Like, don't you want that? And they say, yes, I want that so bad. Like, it just, it just rooted that business and simultaneously made it take off like a rocket. That's right. And you would open up the Scarlet Letter Cliffs notes and it would say the letter is a the end. That's why I keep calling it a Scarlet letter. Yeah. Probably. Because it is, it is literally a, It a for awesome.


No, not quite. One thing Cliff had in his corner was all his work for the Nebraska Book company and being a traveling salesperson and all these relationships he had with bookstores because he owned the market for this 80% of the market for guides to literature belonged to Cliff because that was just it. I, I mean, I think, I think for a long time, I mean, competitors would come along and we'll talk about that, but I think he had a number of years, maybe even decades, where everyone was just like, well, no, there's, there's already Cliff's notes like why even bother? He owns it. Right.


That wasn't enough to keep people from, from coming along as competitors. But it does seem like they really didn't start to emerge until much, much later in history. Yeah. Like, like decades and decades on. Yeah, for sure. One of the things that Cliff notes have long been criticized for though is like they write the, they write the, the book on the Scarlet Letter and that's that like, like what you are reading could have been written by a grad student in 1968. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Even though you just bought this thing like last week, that's not the case any longer. It, it's changed hands and as it's changed hands several times, they've definitely been dusted off and brushed up and all those idioms.


But for a very long time it was like, this is really old fashioned stuff. Yeah. Especially like the language they use, the points they're making a lot of, one of the things that Cliff Notes was known for is putting works of literature, specifically the Scarlet Letter into a historical context. And that can change as people Oh yeah. Understand history more. But If you don't go update it, it's the understanding of it in 1968. Yeah, for sure. You know, we mentioned the sixties. You just mentioned 68 for crying out loud. Yeah. Being a kind of a big decade for the business. It was toward the end of that decade that things got a little rocky.


It was around 1969 that a couple of things happened to sort of dampen the business. I guess a little bit, and this is something I didn't know, but apparently starting in 1969 and through the first, you know, bit of the seventies, the classics, people were like, Hey, all these new teachers came along, they're like, Hey, we don't need to read the Scarlet Letter anymore. We're gonna read another unnamed book that's a little more current. And so the classics kind of fell off a little bit. And apparently a lot of high schools and colleges started the past fail thing. So a kid wasn't as incentivized to, to ace a test. They were just incentivized to pass a test. So they're like, I don't even need the cliff notes.


I can just kind of fake my way through and pass this thing. Right. As a result, they dropped about a million bucks a year in sales up until like the mid seventies when they were like, oh my God, what were we thinking? We gotta put the Scarlet Letter back on the reading list and we have to grade these kids according to their grade. This pass fail thing is not doing anyone any favors. It's chaos. It's Chaos. Yeah. Not only did they drop a million in sales, they dropped a million units in the mid. Oh, I Thought that was sales. No, like, like the number of sales that they made dropped from 2.8 million to 1.8 million. Oh, I was, I was pretty sure that was dollars. But, and I'm sure If you're positive that it's units I'm, we'll move on. I'm 78% positive.


Oh, okay. Well that tracks 'cause I was 22% positive. Okay, good. Yeah. And Cliff Hillgas was like, you hippies, right? Yeah. For that huge loss in sales for the mid seventies. Yeah. So there was another stumble that they made Cliff's cassettes, which was a good idea If you ask me. Totally. It was Cliffs notes, but on in a cassette version that Yeah. Kids could pop into their Walkman and walk around listening to Wanna Be lazier man. Yeah, exactly. You don't even have to walk around. You can lay there and listen to this stuff with your eyes closed and your hands soaking in Paul Moley. If you don't wanna read The Scarlet Letter and you don't want to read the 47 page summary, how about you just pop in that cassette and lay on your bed and smoke some grass.


Yeah. And listen to Ed Asner tell you what the Scarlet Letter means. Oh boy. Was that Planned or did you just come up with that Answer? I just came up with that. Oh, that's so great. Thanks. This was only about a six month thing. It did not go over well despite being a pretty good idea. That got me thinking about just audio books or books on tape and when that was a thing. Apparently that started in 1932. Oh yeah. Yeah. The American Foundation for the Blind opened up a recording studio, so it was a thing, but I feel like it didn't really take off until much, much, much later Until the Walkman. Did you have a Walkman by the way? Yeah, of course I did. Nice. I did too.


I a associated specifically with my cassette of Huey Lewis and the news sports. Oh. One of the great records of all time. Yeah, It is really good. I don't think I ever had a disc, man. I didn't either. I think I went straight from Walkman to, geez. Your car, I guess iPod as far as walking around. Oh yeah. I never had an iPod. I went from Walkman to iPhone. I guess I had the first iPod. Wow. So yeah, I had the first, not the, you know, not Steve Jobs's iPod, but you know, the first, the first edition, I still have it.


It still works. Oh, Do you really? Wow. That's really saying something. Yeah, I put pictures of it on my Instagram not too long ago actually. 'cause I found it, charged it and I just put up the opening screen because it, you know, the first Walkman had everything in alphabetical order just on the screen when you opened it. Right. Yeah. And boy, it was eight, eight or nine bands locked in time from I guess like 2000 or something, whatever that was. That's Awesome. Yeah. I didn't have one of those. I'm sorry. I'm gonna get you a, maybe a nano No need. Those things were tiny though. They were like the size of a, A thumb of steak. Yeah. Or a square of chocolate actually. Yeah. There you go. Yeah.


We will keep going. Right? Yeah. I mentioned Gras was a true corn Husker. He kept that company in Nebraska. He felt very strongly about that and donated 10% of its profits to Nebraska organizations. Was a big curator of the art. So the Museum of Nebraska Art was a big one that benefited from his stealing that idea from Cole. And they have, if you've ever looked up like, Hey, what does this guy look like? Anyway, you might see a bronze statue of him. And that is from that Museum of Nebraska Art. Yeah. He is standing up in some bushes, like a creep with a book open. What else? What happened in 1983? He, This is this I this, I think this also kind of puts a certain, like it paints a picture of this guy.


That's what I'm trying to say. At age 65 on the dot he retires. Okay. Yeah. Like that's just the kind of guy he was. But he didn't actually retire. He just stepped down from company president to the, the head of the board of directors. Yeah. And he still went into the office every day. Yeah. And he, instead of calling him Mr. Hillas, they said, you can call me Cliff. Right. He would show up in like a smoking jacket and ass aboutt after he retired. Exactly. But he'd still called the shots. Right. But, but that's just, I mean, I can totally, 'cause don't forget he was trained in geology, ma, math, physics, like Yeah. He had a certain way of looking at things For sure. Yeah.


That a couple years later in 1985, there was a Chicago Tribune article. So this is mid eighties. They had a staff of about 25 people and they had published 225 guidebooks or book guides rather, 60 million copies in circulation. And yes, I nailed it. 39 countries in circulation. Very nice. And apparently there were some countries that used them to help teach American English in different countries. Sure. Especially the English used by Americans in 1968. That's right. By the end of the eighties they were taken in about 11 million bucks a year, which is pretty good. Scratch. It's about 28 today. 28 million.


Yeah, that's even better. Scratch. And by the end of the millennium in 1999 at the age of 81, he sold it off. He was like, all right, I'm 81. I wanna live out my remaining years as a super rich guy and not just a medium rich guy. So he sold to IDG books who was a publisher of the Four Dummies Guides that everyone knows. And he sold for only 14 million, which kind of surprises me. Fully retired and sadly died a couple of years later at 83 from complications of stroke. I've always wondered what that is like guys in particular retiring and then dying like very soon after that.


It's kind of a thing. And even If you don't die, you can, like a lot of people just get like really sick for a while afterwards. Mm. And I've, I don't know if it's like you're, you've been running on adrenaline the last five years or what the deal is, but it's like when you, when you finally, your body finally resets, like, I don't have to go to work anymore. Something happens to you. Are you saying this personally to me? So I Yep. Can consider this as I wait my future. Think of Retiring Chuck. It was bought and sold a few more times though. In 2001, John Wiley and Sons bought the brand. They changed the name this time. This is when they squashed it together as Cliff's Notes with the Capital N.


Yeah. Then Houghton Mifflin Harcourt bought it in 2012 and then Course Hero bought it in 21. Yeah. Yeah. Well that makes sense too. Course Hero is a online tutor essentially. They have courses and they're heroes for it. And one final thing before we take the break is it is I think the New York Times and the early aughts did a report and they found that it's not just lazy high school kids that are buying these books. They found out it's lazy adults in book clubs that just want to, they want to participate in a book club, but they maybe don't have the time to read the Scarlet Letter. So they'll get the Cliffs notes so they can go and have some wine and talk about the abridged version.


Right. And you can tell the ones that read the Cliffs notes of the Scarlet Letter 'cause they're the ones who thought it was really good. That's right. And it's also the, the yellow and black is sticking out from their fanny pack. Right. They have a little piece of it in their teeth. Right. Alright, shall we take our second break? Yes. Alright. We will be back and pick up on where we are today with Cliff and his notes.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away Your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's Right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home Equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket Mortgage Servicing date.


Are you looking for a better job? But searching for one feels like having another job. Well, since our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know we wanted to fill you in on a not so little job searching hack. Indeed. Indeed Makes it super easy to find better work. And the best part you don't have to do the searching jobs will literally find you. All you have to do is update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience and salary expectations. Once you do, you'll automatically be matched with jobs that fit what you are looking for. Yeah. And we're quite lucky for our job. We get to go search for things like how Champagne gets its bubbles or what the heck is volcanic lightning or the invention of the rubber duck. That kind of searching. That's fun. But spending hours trying to find a job you might like, especially when you already have a full-time gig and just know there's something better out there that is not so fun. As people who love to deep dive, it's understandable to not want to waste time on stuff that doesn't truly spark your curiosity. And with Indeed you don't have to. You skip straight to the part where relevant roles find you not the other way around. Plus, when you update your Indeed profile, you're twice as likely to hear back from employers Ready to give it a try. Update your Indeed profile and see how the world can work better. Today We learn So much stuff from Josh and Stuff You Should Know.


Alright, as promised, we're gonna talk about Cliff's Notes today. You can still buy these pamphlets. Like I said, I looked up online If you wanna buy the Scarlet Letter and hold it in your hand. I think it was 8 99. Somewhere a little less. But they're kind of in that ballpark. Aren't they Used though? They're not, they're not newly printed. I don't know. I mean they sell 'em on Amazon that still could be used. I guess That that was my take that they're used. But I I who knows, Maybe I do know that their main source of income now is the website that offers most of this stuff for free, which is weird that they also have a, a fee model attached.


Yeah. So you can subscribe to Cliff's Notes today for I think $9 a month or 36 bucks a year and you get all of the free stuff. But you can also download it as a PDF. So If you learn better by like reading in on print or on paper, you would need to do that. But they also have other stuff too. There's like much more in-depth guides and analysis and stuff like that behind their paywall. So it's not like you're just a total sucker for paying for free Cliffs notes. 'cause they have a bunch of stuff that's not just free. Yeah. And I got, we're not gonna go through this list, but Olivia was kind enough I think 'cause she needed to fulfill a word count to list out what you get in the actual free version of let's say the Scarlet Letter.


And my take is that you get a a a pretty good like summary and chapter by chapter thing. Right. And character analysis and all that stuff. But it's just even a lesser version than the more robust paid monthly. Right. Yeah. And I mean it's even more, it's all, it, it like there's pretty good detail in it. Like for their, their analysis of the Scarlet Letter. They talk about how the Scarlet Letter fits into dystopian fiction in general. Yeah. Or how the, how big Brother in the Scarlet Letter can be compared to Hitler or Stalin. Yeah. Orr when Hester Prin develops Newspeak, what all that means.


Yeah, exactly. And a biography of George Orwell, the writer of the Scarlet Letter. That's Right. Yeah. There's a bunch of stuff I went in and poked around and it is a lot of free stuff. Like you could write Yeah. A numerous really good slam dunk papers on the Scarlet Letter just from the, the free stuff that they have available. So I'm a little curious too what their business model is. 'cause it doesn't really make sense to me unless it's a portal, two course hero now that I think about it. I'll bet it is. I'll bet they get you with the free stuff and then they get you into Court hero and they turn you upside down and shake you by your ankles until all the change falls outta your pockets.


Like you wanna be a better student for nine bucks a month. Yeah. So we should talk a little bit more about the elephant in the room, which is that this is just a way for kids to cheat. I mean, the other elephant is we haven't discussed our own Cliff notes. Cliffs Notes use I will volunteer my own. You don't have to answer. I've never used 'em. Okay, well go ahead and just make me look bad Right before I say that. I leaned on them. No Worse than that. I never, I I didn't even bother to use the Cliffs notes. I didn't read the material either. Oh, Okay. I was just a really, really lame high school student in high school. I was not good at all. I didn't blossom until college. Okay. I I do remember that now.


But I You were setting me up to look like a chump. I thought. No, I I swooped in and saved you. Thank you. Like Hester printed in the Scarlet Letter. That's right. I did use Cliff's Notes, not exclusively. I was always a believer, and this is not Right Kids of I love to read. I was an English major for, for heaven's sake. I know. So I love to read, but I, I wanted to read what I wanted to read. Right. Emily still sort of challenges me not on just reading, but like Chuck only does what he wants to do. That kind of thing. That's not the best trade everybody, you should not be like Chuck.


But I wanted to read what I wanted to read. I didn't wanna read The Scarlet Letter. So I got the Cliffs Notes and you know, probably Perused The Scarlet Letter, the books that I was like, I totally wanna read that. I can't think of another book title like The Scarlet Letter. But Yeah, I would read that Scarlet Letter. I wouldn't read the one they assigned to me. So I did use Cliffs Notes. I did, that was in high school. Did not use them in college as an English major because I felt like it was time to get a little more serious. And I chose that major willingly, so I should probably do the work. Right. And that was the only work in college I really, really enjoyed was reading and writing. So I didn't use 'em in college. But all that to say, the elephant in the room is like, is this just for lazy kids?


And you mentioned that Hillas was like, no, but how would he enforce that or en or encourage that rather with The Stern note. Yeah. At the beginning of every copy of Cliff Notes, he had a little note. He, his signature was next to it too. He said that a thorough appreciation of literature allows no shortcuts and students who use them to avoid reading the actual material or having to go into class for discussion groups about the, the material are denying themselves the very education that they are presumably giving their most vital years to achieve. And I feel like he, he took a bit of an approach, a utopian approach to Yeah.


How he viewed his customers. But surely there was some out there. I do wonder if there is a single CliffNotes buyer who read that note and was like, you know what, I'm gonna change my ways. I'm, I'm abusing these things. I doubt it. But I'm sure there were students like I did at times where a book was a little over their head and they used the Cliffs notes as intended to, to help with The book. I saw also that some teachers did that they actually Oh yeah. Suggested Cliff's notes for some students, which meant that your teacher thought you were a dip stick. Well teachers also were on record as using it for lesson planning sometimes.


'cause they didn't want to read the Scarlet Letter either. That's really hilarious. That's so Mrs. Koppel. It totally is. And then a lot of them actually use Cliff's Notes for the opposite reasons. They would, they would know, like if, like If you're a high school English teacher, there's a handful of the Scarlet letters that you've assigned during the year and you assign the same Scarlet letters over and over again year after year. So you probably know the Cliff's Notes on those things by heart. So you can very easily pick out when somebody is not only using the, the Cliff's notes, but way worse than that is actually plagiarizing the Cliff's Notes. That is The lowest of the low Laziest thing you could possibly do prior to chat GPT writing your, your paper for you.


Yeah. Th this is coming from two, two Gen Xers and we wrote the book on how to Get Away with Lazy. Yeah, I didn't even read the material or the Cliffs notes. That's pretty lazy. Yeah. Certain universities took charge in 1997. Villanova pulled Cliffs notes from their college bookstore, other bookstores maybe didn't sell them, but they're the only one that Livy could find at least that actually pulled them off the shelves. Yeah. They, they very famously sent in a hit squad. Right. That ended up trashing the bookstore and tore up all of the Cliff's notes. And when they left they threw Flash bang grenades into the bookstore as they took off. That's right. And Yelled hu hu Hut Cliff did not like this. And they took out a full page ad.


I guess he was passed away by this point, but the, the company didn't like this. Right. And they took an ad in the Villanova student newspaper called it Censorship. And the college was like, they can still buy these things anywhere. This is sort of a symbolic gesture. Calm down. Yeah. Yeah. We, we kind of touched on, and we didn't say it like overtly, but there, there were a lot of teachers out there who were okay with Cliffs Notes and some who even encouraged their use. That seems to have come along like a generation after Cliffs Notes came out, which is not coincidental 'cause a lot of those people who grew up to be English teachers and English professors used Cliffs Notes when they went through school themselves. So at the very least they had a certain fondness of it.


And at best they were like, this is actually super helpful as a reference material. Yeah, for sure. And If you have a set of Cliffs notes that you have read recently from later in the company's story, you're like, Hey man, I didn't see any note from Cliff saying these aren't shortcuts. PS enjoyed the shortcut. This didn't have anything in it. I think the, the minute he sold that company, they were like, let's get rid of that note. It's A real drag And yeah, it's a real drag. And not only that, like our advertising should actively encourage the fact that this is a shortcut. Yeah. That's pretty much what they did. Let's own it. Yeah. And they did own it.


I think they kind of walked it back a little bit. So there's like a a, a watered down version of his note essentially saying the same thing. But they definitely did. They said the, the, the unspoken part out loud, I guess is how they put it. Yeah, for sure. Is this, here's the big question though, and I'm glad Libby POed this question. Like, is it bad to use Cliff's Notes and the very idea of like, do kids need to read the Scarlet Letter or, or is the only reason they're reading The Scarlet Letter to just not, not look like a dipstick when someone brings up the Scarlet Letter? Like do you just need to be acquainted with the stuff as a cultural touchpoint in life or to get a jeopardy answer?


Correct. Or I'm sorry, a jeopardy clue. Correct. Correct. Nice catch, Man. We almost got our membership revoked and you know, this is me speaking I think. Yeah. Like you should read these books and a lot of people are on record saying Yeah. I mean not necessarily Justice Scarlet Letter, but it's called, I believe there's a literature scholar from the University of Kentucky named Alan Nadel that calls it the labor of Witnessing Yeah. Like to, to actually read The Thing is the thing. It's not reading the Wikipedia. I think that was, she found a Redditer East TX Josh that said, it's like reading the Wikipedia on Beethoven's ninth, but not listening to it.


There's something about experiencing the thing that is different and valuable. Yeah. Yeah. And reading all this Chuck made me realize how much I I missed out by not reading all those books in high school. You Still Can buddy. Right. So I went on a couple of like, I searched books you should read Before You Die. And that brought up numerous lists and there's some that appear on all of the lists and I'm still searching for which The Scarlet Letter I'm gonna read. Right. But which single book. Yeah. If you have any recommendations for one to start with, let me know. Well, you know what would be fun is our mutual friend Joey Ciara of the Henry Clay people of course who are friends who wrote the, and performed the theme song to our television show and still a good friend.


I'm gonna see, he's going to Glen Gary with me this weekend. Very nice. He is a Moby Dick aficionado and collects copies and versions of that. And he said, that is the best book of all time. He said, it's not my favorite book. He said, it's the best book. You mean The Scarlet Letter? The one with the great white whale. Oh, That's right. I got the name wrong. So sorry. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I I I saw that one and I was like, I don't know. I read it might be Fun if we both read that. Okay. I have a feeling you're gonna be like, you're still reading that two years from now, but Sure. Well, Let's, let's put it this way. Joey gave me a copy probably two years ago and it sits untouched on The shelf. Okay. All right. You give me a two year headstart and then you start and we'll finish at the same time and talk about it.


I gotta put down this Mike Campbell book of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and the RE M1 before that and the Mud Honey one before that. All I'll read is these rock books. I need to put 'em all away. And by the way, those are all called The Scarlet Letter. Right. My story in Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. Right. And also Chuck, I mean, if rock and Roll rots your brain reading about rock and roll really does, Should we mention one more point that teachers make or, or I'm sorry, that a problem with study guides. Some people are like, Hey, these study guides just give you one lens to look through to view this thing. And what you need to do is read the book and go to a class and hear it from a teacher.


But some people say, yeah, but that teacher's just looking at it through their lens. Right. I disagree as an English major in my classes. The teacher would present perhaps their analysis and then say, this is what other people think and what do you think? Right. And you have to have read the Cliffs Notes to say what you think. What else you wanna talk about? Any of these parodies or spinoffs or competitors? Yeah, I mean we can just mention kind of quickly, spark Notes became the biggest competitor in like 1999. There's one called Schmo founded in 2008 that became a pretty good competitor. That's pretty good. I went and and read some of their stuff. It's much more loosely written like, what's up with yada yada yada.


Oh really? What's up with that letter? A Interesting, I do wanna mention this one. Spoof at least Thug Notes. Yeah, It's great. Did you watch any of these? I watched the one on Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Yeah, I think you mean The Scarlet Letter. Oh man, I got it too. We both went down Thug Notes is on YouTube. I was talking about the movie. Oh right, right, right. It's a YouTube series from comedian Greg Edwards. He plays a character, a PhD named Sparky Sweetss who summarizes a commentary on a hundred different books. They're generally about five minutes long and it's a comedy thing, you know, he, it's Thug Notes. He does African American vernacular and breaks down these books in a fun way, in a very quick way.


But he's got 3.14 million subs. And If you, and If you watch one of these like you did, you'll soon learn like it's a joke. But he's laying down some real truth on some of these as well. Oh Yeah. Like when you finish watching one of these thug notes, like you understand what that book was about, like fully like he does a great job with it. But yeah, there's just this whole shtick to it. That's pretty awesome too. Yeah, I watched a few of 'em. But the one on The Scarlet Letter by George Orwell at the end, he, in the analysis he explains, he talks about censorship and book burning and Stalinism and Double Talk and all that stuff in a very fun way. And I can only think that like there might be young students that identify with, with Greg Edwards and what he's doing that it might provide a little real insight and inspiration.


I hope So. Even though it's just a joke. Did you say that the na, did you say the name of his character on Thug Notes? I did. Oh, I love it. I guess that's about it, huh? That's all I got on Cliff's Notes. Okay. I think man, hats off to us. Hats off to Olivia Hats off to Mental Floss hats off to Sparky Sweets PhD. We made it through Cliff's Notes. Hats off to Nathaniel Hawthorne. Yeah. And Hester Print too. Yeah. Let's see, since we took our hat off to Hester Print, of course that means it's time for Listener mail. Hey guys, this is about Broadway. My name's Reagan. I've been a listener for 10 years.


My husband Paul, and I love to listen to you guys while we cook dinner and we listen to reruns on long car trips. I'm writing in 'cause Broadway, Broadway episode because I am a theatrical costume designer. And I wanted to offer some more insight about previews that you guys were discussing. Previews have a cool function where they're actually used by the production team to keep changing. Like Josh said, in fine tuning a show based on audience feedback, especially on a brand new show, new lines and music may even be written and added during the process. Changes can also include restaging and cutting or adding technical elements like costumes or props. However Chuck was right. And that toward the end of previews, the show will be frozen by the director, which means no further changes are allowed to be made.


And it's after that time that critics will be invited to attend during previews after they're frozen before opening night. Got It. So that totally clears it up. Thanks for doing such a great job. Covering Broadway really touched me to hear about the theater world on my favorite podcast. 'cause I listen to you guys almost daily in the costume shop. And that is from Reagan McKay, interim costume shop manager at the Roundhouse Theater. Wow, that's awesome. I think we talked about the Roundhouse Theater, didn't we? It sounds familiar. I hope we did. That's, thank you very much, Reagan. We love it when we hear from experts in the field about an episode we talked about, especially when they say we got it right. And If you wanna be like Reagan and send us an email where you're like, Hey, I know what I'm talking about and you guys did a good job.


We love that kind of thing. You can send it to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows,


Life insurers, put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing, the paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Hi, I'm Kristen Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? Sarah Jessica Parker is here and she is sharing stories from the very beginning, like the time she forgot. We filmed the pilot episode. I remember some things about shooting the pilot. Right? I have some memories I can fill you in and that you're gonna fill me in. Yes. But then you forgot about it in the very long time they took about it. Listen to, are you a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think it's a sign of great mental health to acknowledge the dark wolf inside you. It's Mental Health Awareness Month. And on a recent episode of the one You feed, Josh Radner. From How I Met Your mother, joins us to talk about fame, self-acceptance, aging, and finding peace in discomfort. That is the mercy of time. That time it is a healer To hear this and more on healing identity and the wisdom of slowing down. Open your free iHeartRadio app, search one you feed and listen, now you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.