
Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, there's Chuck and Jerry Chili. Willie Roland is here doing the recording, wearing a little red beanie looking all cute. And this is Stuff You Should Know. You can see Jerry In my mind's eye. Oh, I was like, I don't see Jerry. She has a setting on her, on her setup where it's like show camera only to Josh and not up.


And she's wearing a little red beanie and looks like a mini penguin. Yeah, but she has, you can't smell her. She has a button to allow me to smell her. Whoa. E. Even though she's in la. Yeah. And you know what? It smells like Miso. Yep. But she may have gotten that miso from the fridge. Oh, okay. All right. I see what you're doing. Nice work, Chuck. That was a good old fashion, real pro Stuff. You Should Know s segue and in full Stuff You Should Know. Fashion. I stepped all over it, so it didn't actually work that well. No, that's right. Yes, we are talking about refrigeration, which is why you brought that up. And again, nice work. We've this, this is one of those, I guess, topics that has popped up myriad ways in myriad episodes.


Yeah. So I mean literally 30,000 ways in 30,000 episodes and we're, this is one of those Stuff You Should Know, things where we're just gonna bring it all together and finally talk about the main topic. Yeah, big thanks to Olivia for her help with this. And this was a me idea because I think after our history of dentistry, I, I just sort of got turned on by the idea of the history of like certain just commonplace practices and things these days. And I maybe got something out of the fridge one day and was like, oh man, refrigerators, they really changed the game. Did you say that to yourself out loud or were you just thinking this? I think I did and Emily said, what the heck are you talking about?


And of course they did, but I was kind of curious like I bet it's changed the game in more ways than I think and that was sort of Libby's charge and here we go with that. 'cause I think it did change in more ways than I thought I might have. Well, I was gonna ask that I had a follow up question and then you just answered it. Yes. It was satisfying the result was for me. So the, I think initially you were thinking like refrigerators, like home refrigeration. Yeah, sure. Maybe like warehouse refrigeration, fairly recent refrigeration. But Livia like you said, who helped us with this one. No, no. And wagged her finger and said, this stuff goes way back beyond this chalk. And you said, how did, how did you get in my kitchen? Right. Yeah. So we're gonna start early way, way before mechanical refrigeration there was still refrigeration, which just means keeping something cold.


Yeah. A refrigerator is a mechanical version of that. But in olden times, one might even say ancient times people were still trying to keep things cold. Like since we figured out that cold things lasted longer, people have been trying to keep things cold in various ways. Yeah. Cold keeps the flies away. Yeah, exactly. Flies don't like cold. So one of the things that people have long loved to do is cool down their drinks. Right. It's just something you take for granted these days. But that's one of the first uses people put cold storage or refrigeration to, which was to store ice so that they could chop it off with the ancient ice pick, probably made out a bone or tusk or something like that and put it in their drinks.


And as we'll see like that, that that's just long been a, a desire of people. But whenever someone has access to ice in places you normally can't get ice, it's one of the first things they do to it. And it's also almost always a sign of wealth to start off for sure. Yeah. I find it interesting that, and you know, I've traveled my fair share around Europe and I was, I was shocked early on in my twenties when a lot of the drinks came without ice. Yeah. And they said, you know, that's sort of the European way because in Italy and ancient Greece and ancient Rome, the, the people that had the dough, they were putting ice in those drinks.


And that's because iced drinks are better. Yeah. Across the board To me they are. I know everyone has their own thing. Some people have sensitivities teeth wise and things like that, so I get that. But I've always been a super icy drink guy. I love them. Cold, cold, cold. And even if you're like a a a like into cocktails, like you might not want ice in your drink, but I'll bet you used ice to chill that drink. Hey. Unless you just like a straight up warm room temperature neat whiskey, which is your prerogative. Of course. Sure. Of course. You need to be cooling those drinks down really well. Like a cool drink isn't great, you gotta have it cold.


I remember there was one of the lamest mixology trends that somebody tried to start and there was, it was around long enough for there to be some press on it and it just went away. Inevitably it was room temperature cocktails. Ugh. Yeah. Like why would you do that? You might as well make sure that every single one of 'em has to have celery bitters in it too. Yeah. And, and I know we're gonna get people that say like, I don't like things that cold. So even if they don't have teeth sensitivity, so again, yeah, my teeth, people like what they like, but I'm an ice since I was a kid. A tall glass of the isst ice water is the most refreshing thing I can put in my mouth. Huh. I just realized I drink room temperature water.


I have a glass of it right here, so I guess I can't just stand with you a hundred percent there Chuck. I'm sorry. Well actually the studio is the only place where I don't drink iced water because it makes noise. So I have a a, you know, out of the refrigerator cooled, so it's still pretty cold. Sure. Supposedly your body metabolizes room temperature water much more easily, but supposedly that true. But you also burn more calories warming water up in your body, so All right. You're gonna be torn. Well I believe you 'cause You said it one other thing about ice and drinks, I think the best martinis are the ones that have, you get 'em so cold that they have like a little shard of like arctic ice on the top.


I love that. Me too. But supposedly that's not the way. But I love that too. I I love it too. It's so good. Oh, ooh. And God, we're getting so sidetracked over these drinks. We're not even through like the first paragraph here, but the martini, the ultimate martini is when they do that and then they bring you the tiny, you know, little half pitcher Right. Sitting in a little tiny bowl of ice. Yes, I love that too. And then also when they leave $5,000 in cash with you as well, for no reason other than ordering the $5,000 martini. Alright, so people are cooling their drinks with ice in ancient times and places around the seventh century.


Of course the Chinese are always discovering the biggest and best ways to do things. Way back in the day they found out that you Really, you hedged yourself right then. And I was like, oh, be careful. Right. Salt Peter, which is used in making gunpowder, was found to absorb heat when dissolved in water. So they would did not know that maybe one of the first artificial cooling methods was to make a little salt peter bath and you would just sit a jar of whatever you wanted to keep cool in that cooler water. Pretty Cool. Get it. Yep. I that's gonna happen many times and I'll never do it on purpose, so I just apologize. That's right in in advance. Yeah. One of the other things that people figured out out pretty quickly is that when you have a liquid evaporating, usually water as it evaporates turns from liquid to gas.


That phase change is what they call it, the eggheads call it a phase change. Yeah. It requires energy and typically it gets that energy to change phase from heat. My god. The heat. And it usually just pulls it from the surrounding air, which means that when a liquid turns into a gas, the air around it is cooler because it pulls that heat right out of the air to use it for the phase change. And If you have some way of moving that cooler water from around whatever vessel of of, or sorry, the cooler air from around the, the vessel of water that's evaporating. Yeah. You have yourself a primitive air conditioning system that's sometimes called a swamp cooler.


I saw. Yeah, I've heard that before. This is something that has been done in India for centuries and centuries and you know, it's not refrigerator cold, but if you're looking to keep something cool and something a little bit fresher, that's not a bad way to do it. For sure. No, for sure. And it has to be, this is the downside. It has to be a dry hot place. Yeah. If it's muggy out then it's not gonna have much in a, in effect. But I also saw Yeah, Like a swamp ironically. Yeah. I thought that was weird too. I also saw one of the other really basic uses for is to dampen a towel and hang it in front of a breezy window. And as that water evaporates in the towel, as it dries off is what the laypeople call it, the breeze pushes that cooler air into your house.


And I realized that I was having trouble like envisioning this stuff or why anybody would go to the trouble and I was like, oh yeah. Before the kind of ac and refrigeration that we're used to, you had to go to all sorts of trouble. Yeah. It's just so easy to take for granted these days. But to before this and in other places where they don't have ac, people would hang damp towels in front of a breezy window to get cooler. That's how desperate they were to cool down. Yeah. I imagine knocking something down a few degrees makes a big difference. Yeah. You know, in, in the pre AC days, you know for Sure Bearing things in the ground is also a good way to keep things cool.


You know, like three to five feet down you're gonna find pretty consistent temperatures depending on where you are. If you're in the north it can be 45 50 degrees down there, more like 70 in the south. And you know, that's Fahrenheit. And of course anyone who's ever spent any time camping or hiking knows as I did when I was a kid, my dad would build a little like a cordoned off area with stacked rocks in a very cold mountain river to put like jugs of milk and stuff like that in when we were camping as a family. Yeah. There's things called spring houses or spring boxes depending on how big the structure is. But typically If you have a stream or a spring running through your homestead, which from what I've read recently is like, like point number one that you want to make sure your homestead has as a source of fresh water.


One of the cool things you could do with that is to build an enclosure around it. But first within the enclosure what you wanna build is like kind of like a widened area for the stream to flow into and then it kinda fills up and then it exits the other side of this widened area. So you narrow the channel of the spring or the stream line it with rocks line this box with rocks basically. And it, it stays about half full year round of this nice cool mountain spring or mountain stream water and you just keep your butter in there and crocs and stuff. Yeah. So it's just like doing it in a stream, but you're basically making it a little easier to store your things in there and you could put more stuff in it than you would If you just threw it in the stream.


Like a total hays seeded like even, even the mountainous of mountain people are like, you don't, you didn't go to the trouble of building a spring house if for somebody who just throws it into the, the stream themselves. Yeah. So far I'm keeping track Now you have name checked eggheads laypeople and Hays Seeds and mountain folk. Yeah. And mountain folk. That's what we do here. So, but in the 17th century in Europe they had official ice houses and they were, you know, you'd bring down ice from where you could get ice, like literal just ice from the wild like in Scandinavia. And they were using it to preserve food obviously also for like the, the medical community would use it for different things and also chilling those drinks still.


But You know, you would, you could use ice to treat burns and things like that to bring down a fever. You know, making things cooler was a big benefit to a doctor. Yeah. Also remember in our feta cold starve a fever Short stuff, we talked about how there was like a, a doctors viewed heat and cold is a duality of health. Yeah. So yeah, if somebody was sick with one of the hot sicknesses, you would probably give them a cold drink and that was considered as good as medicine is today. Yeah. Or of course any, you know, sprains and you know, muscle pulls, things like that. Heat and ice, it can be used in various ways. Sure. The rice method, you know. Sure.


So one other thing I wanna mention real quick is we're talking about people like technologies that are like thousands of years old. There was something called a yak cha that Persians created that to listeners may or may not sound familiar depending on when we release the short stuff on it. Yeah. So it's either just out or coming out soon. It's getting its own short stuff 'cause it was just kind of too much there. It was pretty cool. Yeah. But it was like a ancient Persian ice making machine that dates back at least to 400 BCE, which is really impressive. Yeah. But yeah, we'll get way more in depth on those in, in whatever short stuff we do. But the, the point is, is that people have been doing this for a really long time and they figured out some really ingenious technologies that harness natural processes to cool.


And as we kind of progress through the technology, you'll see that we're basically doing the same thing, just a little more whizzbang, much more efficiently. It delivers much cooler air or water, whatever we're cooling. But it's still basically the same premise as what we were doing thousands of years ago to keep things cool. Yeah, totally. I think that's super cool. If you wanna talk about like real ice and there's this really extensive in-depth long New Yorker thing, which, you know, most New Yorker things are about Frederick Tudor, the ice king who's around in the 19th century. And he was the guy that was like, Hey, we got all this ice up in New England, like our lakes are literally frozen and why don't we try and make some money by shipping this ice out.


He had, you know, he tried to get investors and they were like, I don't know, it seems like that stuff is gonna melt right If you put it on a ship and try and send it to Cuba. And he said, oh watch me. And he put some on a ship and sent some to toward Cuba and it melted. And he was like, oh man, they were totally right. But he kept at it and kept at it and you know, they used to keep, use things like straw to help keep the ice a little more insulated. And he said sawdust actually works a whole lot better. And he and other people got in on the game and that was like American ice being shipped all over the world in the 19th century, which is, and making it there, which is kind of hard to believe.


Yes. And I have been racking my brain what episode we first introduced the Ice King in, I Cannot For the Life of Me Remember what it was. Igloos? I don't know. I don't think so. I really don't remember what it was. But he popped up again later in our episode on Thoreau because one of the places where he was cutting ice from was Walden Lake and Thoreau noted the Ice King cutting ice in or Walden Pond. Sorry, Mainers. Yeah. That while he was writing his book Walden, I think he appears in Walden Two things you just name checked Mainers, that's another one. And Henry David Thoreau the original hippie.


That's true. But the one thing I did wanna mention, and that's a nice little segue, was just to plug a little Instagram post I made recently, I, I was cleaning out my closet and I found a bunch of old schoolwork from elementary school and while this part was from high school, I did a, a satire, an extra credit satire on Thoreau about someone who went to live deliberately in the woods. And you know, the big joke at the end is they made it like 30 minutes or something. It wasn't the best comedy work, you know, for a ninth grader. It was okay, sure. But people should go check it out. 'cause I did a bunch of screenshots of various projects, a lot of space travel stuff and book reports.


But one big one was on ancient Egypt and I literally, and the thing was like, hi, my name is Chuck Bryant and I'm gonna be your guide through Ancient Egypt. And at the end it was like, I hope you enjoyed your tour and I once again signing off, I've been your guide. And people are like, oh my God, you are doing Stuff You Should Know as a fifth grader. That's awesome man. It's really pretty cute. But you can go to Chuck the podcast or Instagram to, to check that stuff out. People got a real kick out of it For sure. I'll go check it out too. You you would like it? Yeah. I, and it's not like I avoid your Instagram, I just don't go on Instagram much. Okay. I know that buddy. I know you're telling everyone else that, but I know that's not your jam. Yeah. So I talked about how like the technology has really just kind of improved on ancient technology.


The uses for this stuff too have really kind of been relatively the same. We haven't had a lot of stuff that we wanted ice for, aside from cooling our drinks, which is really, honestly, Olivia turned up a mention of a the king of Koa or Koa. I saw different spellings in what's now Syria and he used it to ice his drinks almost 4,000 years ago. So I mean people have been doing that for a really long time. Another one is to store perishable food, like you said, keeps the flies away, right? Yeah. And in doing these things, as we've gotten better and better at it, it started to have like really monumental, massive sweeping changes on humanity.


And here in America, one of the first changes it had, we will talk about right after this Stuff, You Should Know


You're a details person, checking reviews, reading nutritional info, even terms and conditions. So when donating check out GiveWell an independent resource offering rigorous, transparent research on top of giving opportunities. Their recent analysis of cash transfers in Africa includes over 300 footnotes. Perfect for meticulous readers. For 17 years, GiveWell has researched charities directing funding to the highest impact options. Over 125,000 donors have used Give Well to contribute more than $2 billion. Saving an estimated 200,000 lives Give Well's Research is free, helping donors make informed decisions, donations to recommended funds or tax deductible and give well takes no cut. If you've never used Give Well to Donate, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last to claim your match, go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter Stuff You Should Know at checkout. Make sure they know that you heard about GiveWell from Stuff You Should Know to get your donation matched. Again, that's givewell.org to donate or find out more


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Ready To celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia. Oria, how about the one on borderline sort better yet? Heard that one before, but it was so nice I learned it. So Chuck, I was talking about how refrigeration had massive sweeping changes as we got better at it. And in America, one of the first things it did was it allowed people to expand their diet.


Some, because unless you were in like a southern state or something like that, you, you did not have access to a lot of different kinds of food year round. Like during Yeah, yeah, right. Like spring and summer. Maybe even into fall a little bit you would have things like, like dairy and poultry and and meat and then as winter pressure veggies. Yes. And as winter started to set in, you had pickled cabbage pickled neighbor who died that winter. Like pickled everything. Canning didn't even come around. I didn't know this until the 19th century. I thought it was really, really old. So like you really did not, so actually you didn't have pickled anything.


Now that I think about it, you had like salted stuff, cured stuff and a lot of it was grains too, right? Stuff you could store fairly easily. And then when we started learning how to preserve food with refrigeration and got better and better at it, like people, their diets just changed radically. Like apparently in the northern states, by the time spring came, you were so malnourished from a lack of niacin vitamin B three that you normally get from like poultry and fish and meat that they had a name for it. Spring sickness. Yeah, today we call it pellagra, but it's a type of like severe malnutrition that people would just annually get because they had that limited access to different foods.


And then once we started being able to store and then more importantly ship items by refrigerating it, then things really change that spring sickness went away. Yeah, for sure. And I'm also the first person in history to say the word refrigerating Also before people write in they, they were definitely pickling things before they were canning so you could still pickle things. Okay, cool. So yes, you could pickle your neighbor then. Yeah, they had jars and stuff like that. Well what's the deal then? I mean they just hadn't figured out how to use heat baths and and that kind of thing. What for canning? Yeah, I don't know.


Maybe how to seal something properly would be my guess. But although, I don't know, maybe like wax ceiling, maybe canning should be an episode. All right. And we can figure that out. Yeah, Let's figure it out. I can regale everyone with more tales of being drug to the cannery as a child. That's right. I forgot about that. Which Is actually true. It makes me sound a hundred years old, but that's actually true. So yeah, when artificial cold came on the scene that really, really, really changed the game. There was a physician and chemist from the University of Glasgow in the 18th century, 1748 named William Cullen who it looks like did the first experiment on artificial cooling and kinda demonstrating how that was possible.


And he, like you said, it was just sort of a version of what they had done in ancient times with those water in the clay jars and exploiting that phase change from liquid to gas using the thermal energy. But he used instead of water dathyl, dathyl ethyl ether and he would pump it out of, of a container and it would come to a boil and that heat would pull all the, you know, heat from the surrounding area just like it did back in old days. It was just sort of different, a different medium and that would cool things down. Yeah, This Chuck was one of those episodes where I went near mad trying to understand like the physics of the whole thing or even like the mechanical engineering aspects of his stuff.


And it's gotta be because my dad was a mechanical engineer by profession. Yeah. So like I've got that little bug that I can't ignore and I look all over for how William Cohen's thing worked and apparently no one knows because the same like four or five sentences are basically copy and pasted everywhere on the internet. Oh, that's frustrating. So we do know that in the before even 1750, he was the first person to demonstrate artificial refrigeration. It didn't go anywhere, but he showed that this was entirely possible and that it was pretty clever to use something like a artificial refrigerant rather than just say water. Although water is an excellent refrigerant in a lot of different applications.


Yeah, for sure. A guy, an American this time named Jacob Perkins came along about 50 ish years later in 1834. And he's credited basically for developing the first working what we would call refrigerator and his machine. And you know, again, it's just not too different from how they do it today. They just do it a lot better. Right. But he used a vapor compression cycle again, it, it's all about the, the, the thermal loss of that phase change. But in this case they're just exploiting it, you know, because If you move the pressure back and forth between the two, it keeps a constant cool. Right? Yeah. So, so it's just nuts If you see like a diagram and how it's explained and how a vapor compression refrigerator works, which is almost certainly the kind of refrigerator you have in your home.


There's really just like four components to it and they're really doing some basic stuff to this. But it's more a question of like why, like why would you put something into low pressure and heat it up for the next step to be to like depressurize it and cool it down and then you turn it into liquid up here. It's just, it doesn't make sense. It's almost just nuts. Like somebody just went crazy with a diagram, but apparently that's how it works. And it's all, I think it's like you said, it's just taking advantage of the different properties of lower pressure liquid or higher pressure gas. Like they can Cool. Yeah. And heat and they're, they, I guess it puts off so much coolness or so much heat that it, it can be used to refrigerate and then it passes through this other thing like I think a condenser and that gives off the waste heat.


That's what's under your fridge. And then like the evaporator cools everything down. Then I finally got it, Chuck. Okay. So I've been looking at it wrong the whole way the refrigerator doesn't pump cold into your fridge. Right? The, the actual mechanical refrigerant process, what it does is it sucks heat out of your refrigerator. And once I finally understood that, I was like, I, I got it. Finally I got it because this cooler refrigerant goes through a coil and I thought like it was emitting cold and that that's how it cooled down. Now it's drawing any heat from there, kind of tricking the heat into joining the coil and leaving the fridge box cooler, which is what that refrigerant wanted all the time.


It thinks that the heat was a sucker for falling for it, but that's exactly what it does every time. And now the inside of your refrigerator is way colder. Amazing. I think it's kind of amazing too, because it's the totally opposite of what I always thought was going on. Yeah, that's super cool. I love that stuff. They'd use various liquids over the years. Ammonias one they used for a while, methyl chloride for a while. All of these things were toxic though. So until they figured out a, a safer way, which, you know, they would soon enough people would actually die in the 1920s. There were cases where methyl chloride leaks happened, actually killed people. And then they said, you know what, maybe we should come up with a synthetic substance that does basically the same thing.


So they came up with chloro fluoro, methane nice. AKA fon. And until the 1990s Fon was the go-to. And then we said, Hey, that's not so great either because of our environment in the ozone layer. And so let's develop even newer safer chemicals to keep things cool. Yeah. Which hydrofluorocarbons are good for the ozone layer, but they're actually horrible as greenhouse gases. There's a rating of just how much of an effect like a, a chemical has on warming the atmosphere and they use carbon dioxide CO2 as a one that's like the baseline. 'cause we know how much it warms the atmosphere over a hundred years.


So it has a global warming potential or GWP of one carbon dioxide. Does chloro hydrofluorocarbons have a global warming potential of 14,800? Wow. That's a lot more than CO2 If you really stop and think about it. And these are the refrigerants we're still using. These are the alternatives that we developed and started using in the nineties. So it's like we go from the frying pan into the fire whenever we try to do something environmental, it feels like. Yeah, that's probably true to me. This is where this episode gets super interesting and this is kind of what I was really after when it came to the assignment, which is when things started moving around, cooling system started getting better and better.


People were developing this stuff and at the same time railroads were growing and growing and expanding and expanding. And all of a sudden people in the Midwest farmers could, you know, they were like, Hey, I, I wanna be able to ship my stuff. They sell it to the east coast. Right. So the, the whole food scene was changing because of this in the 1850s. They started, and this to me is just like super ingenious. They started keeping railroad cars cool by using ice. So they would, they were called reefers, R-E-E-F-E-R-A. Reefer was a refrigerated, you know, rail car. And they had these big hatches in the roof. They would load just these huge, huge blocks of ice.


And then fans that were driven by, you know, powered by the, the turning of the axle on the train or on the train car rather. And that just, you know, it just blew on 'em like a, a breeze past a cool towel in your window and all of a sudden you had refrigerated train cars. They were lined in like flax and sawdust like we mentioned sometimes dirt, sometimes cow hair. And even though people were a little bit at first, like, I don't know about this, the meat packing industry really got on board. 'cause they said we've been shipping live cows across country for people to take care of when they get there. When we can butcher everything in one place and ship out this what they call dead meat.


It's disgusting. But that's what they called it. Right? That's what sixth grade bullies call you too when they tell you to meet them in the playground at three Dead meat. But that changed. That changed absolutely everything. This is when meat became like a staple of the American diet. We talked a little bit about Chicago being the epicenter of this and that. What did Americans eat before the FDA came along or something like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. But all of a sudden meat was much easier, much cheaper to ship and they could ship it further and further. So they started supplying the cities with, with meat and people started to be able to afford it. And that just, that was another huge change. Not just for humans but for cows too.


Because apparently the cow population in the United States more than doubled in 30 years after we figured out how to refrigerate meat or ship refrigerated meat. Yeah, yeah. That, that's incredible. That's A lot of dead cows. Yeah, it's a lot of dead cows. It, it completely changed Chicago as a city and it completely changed the way we were eating as a nation. All of a sudden you had refrigerated cars also shipping produce. It wasn't just about the cows and the beef even though it was a big part of it. Right. But all of a sudden you could be like, Hey, I'm growing this fruit in Florida and have you, have you ever had not just an orange in your stocking for Christmas, you ever had a big bag of oranges sitting around your house?


Well we're happy to provide that for you and us Fruit. I think it was one of the first companies to get involved in like sending their good stuff all over the place. And you know, as a result, obviously the prices really, really dropped. There was a article in the New York Sun in 1894 that talked about the price of pears went from 40 cents to two for a nickel in just a couple of decades thanks to refrigerated cars. It's Even more impressive when you adjust for inflation. So a single pair was $11 in the 1870s and they were two for a dollar 80 in the 1890s thanks to refrigeration. Amazing. Did you ever get an orange in the bottom of your Christmas stocking?


Because I never understood why until I started researching this. No, You never did. Oh, we always didn't. I was always like, why is there an orange in the bottom of this stocking? I making it seem like there's way more stuff in here than there actually is. I feel Like I would remember that our stockings were a couple of little fun things, like a little top or some silly putty, but usually just like socks and stuff like that. Sure. I'm guessing that the reason I did and you didn't is 'cause I was raised in the north, the Midwest maybe. I'll bet. That's why. And so it was like a, like a Midwestern tradition because we didn't have access to oranges and you could eat an orange year round, basically you lucky duck Trains eventually shipping wise gave way to trucks.


And they said, Hey, now we got these trucks that we can, you know, refrigerate as well. And so we're not, you know, things were built around industries, entire industries, separate industries were built near rail yards because rail shipping was the only, only game, you know, for a long time. So, and I think it was in the, in that, what did we eat episode when we talked about Chicago, like the whole meat packing area was around the rail yards. Right. 'cause they could, you know, they wanted to have it super close. So now all of a sudden you could say, hey, stuff is, you know, it's really much cheaper to raise cattle or grow vegetables way out in the boonies. You can get cheaper labor or cheaper land. So now we can do that and just throw it on a refrigerated truck to get it across country.


Yep. So chuck, little by little as these like innovations in shipping stuff, meat produce, things that just could not make it from, you know, California to, oh, I don't know, let's say Denver. Okay. Without rotting or something. As we got better and better at this, something called the cold chain started to emerge and evolve. And that was basically how we move perishable items from one part of the country to another thanks to this refrigerated stuff. And it was super primitive and separate. I think the, I don't know If you said it or not, but the very first private rail cars were these meat packers, refrigerated cars.


They just did this on their own as like a, yeah. A great business move. But it, these things became so invaluable and people became so hooked on having stuff available year round that they normally wouldn't, that it just became a institution, like a part of any growing, developing country's infrastructure. There was something called the cold chain. Yeah, absolutely. There was an engineer early on who, who did not realize his dream, but he was sort of the first visionary in the mid 19th century. His name was Charles. What? Tell Tellier. Ooh, I nailed it. He was the guy that's kind of envisioned this and said, Hey, the cold chain is a thing that we could make a reality and then we can sort of reorganize rationally on how we grow food and how we ship food.


And it was his idea. He apparently died in extreme poverty because he never realized the dream to its fullest. But he, he tried, he actually got a British steamer ship and outfitted it with a refrigerator even named it Lee le Fri Fri. Yeah. Like okay. Like, like fantastic basically. But ref fantastic refrigerator is basically what it means. Yeah, that sounds like a magnet Product. A Refrigerator, the fantastic refrigerator concern. Right. And this was in 1877 and he was bringing beef across the ocean from Uruguay to Paris.


And when they got there he was like, everyone's gonna love this. And the French were like, huh, you think I'm eating meat that's been dead for a month? Yeah, you're crazy. And we're gonna pass a bunch of laws that ban this kind of thing for the next 20 years Until you're screeched I'm not crazy. Shut up. Take it back. Yeah, exactly. So like you said, he died penny lists as you like to say, but his, his legacy lived on. Eventually people said like, okay, we can get used to this. But it took some, it took some selling for sure. One of the other major things that helped establish the cold chain was not just shipping, but it had to like sit for a little while when it got to where it's going.


Like it's not like the train stopped at every, every house for anyone who wanted eggs. Like it went to one central destination and it unloaded its contents. And so as a result, cold storage had to develop. You remember Rocky? He helped train by punching huge sides of beef that would, that was part of the cold chain. He, he worked in at least, I guess that's where he worked, was a cold storage place. Yeah, yeah. Like a meat packer storage facility. I think, by the way, second Rocky reference in here. That was another very subtle one. We'll see if listeners can pick that out. It already happened.


Yeah. Yeah. A little direct. I didn't pick it out. I wanna know. All right. I'm gonna tell you off air. Ready I'll tell you right now. Oh, okay. Thank you for telling me. It sounded like you were acting just then, then you kind of were But I really did just tell Josh, but yeah, let's leave that as an Easter egg anyway. Yeah, cold warehouses started becoming a thing again that sawdust insulation provided a lot of the, you know, insulation. I guess these were in the 1860s and you know, it wasn't like your refrigerator cold, but they were storing like fruit and produce.


So it basically, it was like, hey you, you don't get too warm and spoil is what they were trying to, you know, accomplish there. Yeah. It didn't have to be frozen necessarily. No, no, no. But by 1904 this was a legitimate thing. There were more than 600 huge storage, you know, cold storage facilities, I think one a hundred, 2 million cubic feet and you know, mainly based around cities. But they were holding everything from, you know, produce to namely eggs. 'cause people wanted their eggs year round. And back then before they started breeding chickens to, to lay eggs year round, they were basically laying in the spring and people wanted those eggs in the winter. Yeah. And they really did breed 'em. Chuck, through selective breeding programs, there's something called the Red Jungle Fowl, which is a type of chicken, wild chicken a lays about 10 to 15 eggs per year.


And like you said, normally in the spring, maybe in the early summer, that's just not enough If you want eggs year round. So the breeds that we developed, like the leg horns, which is the top egg layer, the champ, they lay about 350 eggs per year, year round. That's a lot. But Before that, yeah, you could just hang on to eggs. I almost said you could just sit on eggs for a while thanks to cold storage. That's right. But you know, we said the French were kind of grossed out by this. It, it wasn't just the French, A lot of people had a hard time kind of coming around to this idea of eating things that had been around for a while and false rumors spread that, you know, that stuff could make you sick.


It could cause cancer. So in 1911 as a, as a PR rebuttal, I guess the Poultry Butter and Egg Association had a cold storage banquet at the Hotel Sherman in Chicago where they served an entire meal of foods that had been preserved through refrigeration to a lot of folks, including the mayor and the health commissioner as sort of like, Hey, here's where we are now. You don't need to be grossed out. And people said, okay, I may not be grossed out, but I'm also like, I have to get used to the idea of not buying the eggs from the farmer down the street. Right. Or getting my milk from down the street or the produce from the farmer down the street. And so it took a while for people to come around to just getting food away from its source.


They really sort of knew personally and trusted. Yeah. And That was one of the roles of the FDA and the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 was to basically say, okay, we get why you don't trust some of these people. 'cause some of them are actual total skulls. Some of the people selling food. Apparently one technique was to, If you had a bunch of meat that was about to spoil, you just froze it and shipped it and the person wouldn't be able to tell until they thawed the meat out and tried to sell it. Yeah. And you just rip them off. That was a big one. Or If you had a cold storage facility, If you're storing something for months, you need to keep it cold for months. There can't be like a week where everything breaks down and you just hang onto that stuff and sell it anyway after things get back online.


And this was the kind of thing that like people in the US were having to worry about. So thanks to the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 and then later on actual laws that gave it teeth, that kind of helped set the stage for people to finally relax and be like, okay, I can deal with frozen food. 'cause it was like the, the GMOs of its day. Like people were just like, it'll give you cancer If you eat frozen food. Like it was like people did not trust food that had been frozen. That's right. We should take our second break here at minute 42 and we're gonna come back finally with home refrigeration Right after this Stuff.


You Should Know


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See capital one.com/bank capital one NA member FDA


ready To celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey everybody, it's Chuck and Josh here to talk to you about Squarespace. Squarespace makes it easy to build the website of your dreams and do whatever you like with it. That's right. They make it really easy to sell access to content on your websites, like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Even simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or subscription for access. Yeah. And when it's time to collect that money, Squarespace offers an easier way to collect payments so you can focus on growing your business. You can invoice clients and get paid for your services. Turn leads into clients with proposals, estimates and contracts. And simplify your workflow and manage your service business on one platform. What else could you possibly ask for? That's right. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about Oria. Oh how about the one on borderline disorder? Better yet Earth Order. Heard that one before but it was so nice. I learned it. Hi everybody. Listen. Alright. So Icebox had been a thing since, you know, at least in 19th century, they started to become more and more common.


And this is, you know, a a big wooden sort of cabinet in your kitchen, usually wood. And it was lined with something like a tin lining or zinc maybe. And the iceman would come around, deliver a big block of ice to your house and that's how things were kept cool in the icebox. And If you are a, a Gen Xer or older, your grandparents may have even said the word icebox. My grandmother certainly did because she lived to be a hundred and was around and when they called them ice and when they were ice boxes. Right. Not just call 'em. Yeah. There's also that whole excellent sub-genre of desserts that are icebox. Like icebox cakes. Yeah, yeah. Lemon icebox pie. Yeah.


But finally in 1914 we get our first mechanical refrigerator in the house. The domestic electric refrigerator or the D-O-M-E-L-R-E fridge made its debut. And this was still not a fully integrated refrigerator, it was a device that you got to put in your icebox to keep things cool and to keep that ice from melting. Yeah. So, yeah, it didn't take off. They weren't super reliable. They were pretty expensive, but not too long. Later, a decade or so later, 1927, GE introduced its refrigerator. It's nicknamed the Monitor Top because there's a big round turret on top of the refrigerator that gives it a very distinctive look.


It looks like a robot fashioned by like a sixth grader. Yeah. But the monitor refers to the Civil War ironclad USS Monitor. And that's just, that was the nickname I was looking all over for what General Electric called it. And they seemed to have just called it refrigerator. Yeah. It's kind of cool looking, If you wanna look up a, a photo, I mean it looks as described leftovers. And this was something I was really curious about that that had been a thing. The, it was 1878 I think, when that term was coined. But leftovers back then meant like, you gotta eat this stuff the next day. 'cause people didn't want their food to go bad.


People didn't waste stuff like they do now and just throw stuff away if they didn't eat it. So dinner went into the breakfast or the lunch, or it went into a big pot the next day that was on the stove. And you just had these big sort of stews of leftover things now that you had the mechanical electric refrigerator, all of a sudden you could preserve stuff and you could serve, you didn't have to transform something you could like warm up and serve the same meal that you ate a few days ago. Right. And that was a, a pretty radical thing at the time. Oh Yeah, for sure. Again, though, people were kind of like, I, I don't know about this. I I was about to say fortunately, but related to that scarcity during, during World War II and World War I, but also the Great Depression basically said, Hey everybody, you can't just like be throwing food away.


Like we need to be very thrifty with food. And that really kinda gave leftovers a big boost also because the government came in and created propaganda campaigns to kind of persuade people to start eating leftovers more. Because again, thanks to your new handy GE refrigerator, you can do that kind of thing. That's right. It's pretty great. You know, the cold chain is what, what really changed the game early on. But it also changed like, not just availability, but like literally creating new kinds of foods, like inventing new foods. Right. Iceberg lettuce is so named because it could hold up to being shipped on ice and it has the Same taste as an iceberg.


Hey man, I'll go to bat for iceberg lettuce. Really? Really? Yeah. I think it's unfairly labeled as, as junk and like iceberg in with some arugula and a little romaine and some leafy greens that went a little iceberg. 'cause it's so crunchy. Sure. And you don't get that kind of texture from, I mean, maybe a little bit, but it's the crunchiest lettuce to me. So I I think it gets a very snobby sort of, people look down on it for, for bad reasons. Okay. Is my, is my take. But I like a little iceberg. Tell 'em what John Waters called iceberg lettuce. I thought that was great. The polyester of lettuce. Yeah.


But I was also raised a, a, you know, lower middle class kid who grew up eating iceberg lettuce and so, Okay. I was too. It it has a fond place in my heart for that reason. I understand. I, I hated salads so maybe that's why I hate iceberg lettuce. 'cause that's all, that's all we got was iceberg as well. And like French dressing or something like that. Or ranch and that was it. And you ate it sounds and you liked it and you shut up about it. I would party on an old school eighties iceberg salad. So hard For real. Like even when you were a kid, you would eat that. Yeah. I mean that's the only kind of, you know, I mean it's probably not even a vegetable, but I, I considered it a vegetable. I didn't like a lot of vegetables, but I would eat a salad, So that's funny.


I, I hated salad so much. I would refuse to be served anything except for some iceberg lettuce and some carrots and I wouldn't even eat that. No salad dressing and nothing like whenever everyone else was finished, if I was still eating my salad, I had to stay at the table and finish it. And so at that time I would just start slowly putting it bite by bite under the credenza behind me. But then I had, I was shortsighted enough I didn't go back and clean it out. So every few months, like the credenza would get moved and there'd be a pile of like desiccated iceberg lettuce and carrots. The other thing I like to use iceberg for now is like if you're making something in a lettuce cup, iceberg works really well. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Like chicken larb or you know, Greek, something Like that.


Yeah, totally. I'll agree with you on that. So frozen foods obviously wasn't a thing for a long, long time, but finally in the 1950s they said, Hey, you know what, we can cool things, we can freeze things, we can freeze meals and we can freeze orange juice. And I know we've already talked about TV dinners and concentrated frozen concentrate, orange juice, but those Were Two really big game changers only made possible for advances in refrigeration and freezing and chipping. Yeah. And while we're on it, I believe in our like food origins episode, I don't remember what it was, but we talked about the TV dinner and we totally credited Jerry Thomas, a salesman for Swanson is coming up with the idea.


And since then it's become much clearer that Jerry Thomas might have had almost nothing to do with this and that the real hero was a 21-year-old bacteriologist named Betty Cronin, who was the one who not only, she might not have come up with the idea, I think she said one of the Swanson sons did. But she was the one who figured out how to make it work and to make these meals that are different foods entirely that all cook at the same time and come out the way that they're supposed to. That was all her. That's right. Betty Cronin, unsurprisingly not forgotten, but not, doesn't get nearly the accolades she should have gotten. No, she does now though.


Yeah. Way to correct the record friend. So yeah, TV dinners, I mean, I would go listen to that episode. It was pretty great. But it, it definitely, you know, it came along as TV was coming along and it was a big deal. And even though, I mean there are still TV dinners sort of like that. But If you go in the frozen food, I mean, I don't get any of this stuff, but If you go to the frozen food section there, I mean you can get almost any kind of meal frozen these days. Yeah. Even iceberg lettuce. You see do It. Oh yeah. That's not what that means anymore. Oh no. I'm not gonna let someone ruin hawking up a luie for everybody.


That's, that's one of life's great pleasures. Sure. There's one other thing I wanted to mention. So the cold chain is now so diverse and there's so many different versions of it all working together. It's now called the Cold web and Olivia gives a great example of what we can do now. We can catch a fish in Norway, send it off to China for processing, and then send it from China to the United States for Eaton. Wow. All within a half an hour. That's amazing. Well, maybe longer than that, but still it is still amazing. Anything else? You should do an, you should do an episode on Gullibility. Nice idea. You got anything else?


I got nothing else. I got 10, 12 more minutes worth of material. You mind just sitting there? No. Let's do it Since Chuck said let's do it. I think it's time for Listener mail. This is about the Pink House. Hey guys, I can't believe there is finally a subject I can share some information about. Every year I'd visit my cousins who live about 20 minutes away from Plum Island and heading to the beach was a yearly activity as we all grew and we had our own families. The yearly gathering at Plum Island got bigger and better, and passing the Pink House has always been the tell that you're just a few minutes away from the beach. I grew up hearing the same story you guys shared about it being a spite house and believed it to be true as it truly sits alone on the salt marsh.


It's pretty weird looking. Just last month though, being a new homeowner on the island, I was sent a town newsletter in which a tribute to the Pink House gave a different history. I've attached the article for you to read While it wasn't quite built with spite, there seems to have been some spite in the story. Our family loves the show and even flew to Boston to take our two adult girls who live in Boston to see you live. Thanks to you, we are walking local experts on the Biosphere two, and that is from Amy Sandy, who is wonderful. Yeah, thanks a lot Amy. Number one, thank you for coming to see our show. And number two, congratulations on your new house. Yeah, for sure. And number three, thank you for sending us a delightful email.


And If you wanna be like Amy, you can send us an email too to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Banking With Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member DIC.


When it comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers When you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up, they can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve. Feel special. It's available 24 7 365 days a year, and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.