
This summer, get away in the Hyundai you've always wanted at the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Get the hottest deals of the season on many of our award-winning Hyundai models, which all come with America's best warranty. But get going because these deals won't last. Add more joy to your journey at the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Now, for a limited time, get 1.99% A PR for 60 months on the Hyundai Tucson or Elantra. Hurry in to the Hyundai Getaway Sales Event. Offers end September 3rd. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for details.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And we're on a sprint to retirement. You're on Stuff You. Should Know. A marathon sprint. Yeah. Unfortunately it's a marathon sprint. Never ending Ceaseless Ultramarathon marathon of all time. You know, this was another listener suggestion. I feel like those, those have been rolling in lately with a lot of good suggestions. And this was something I had not heard of, this story of the 1904 marathon and this comes to us from Peter Fitzgibbon.


Yeah. And thanks to Dave for helping us out with this one too. Yeah, thanks All Around Peter Fitzgibbon, what a great name. Agreed. So thanks a lot Peter. 'cause this is a really interesting story and I hadn't heard anything about it either, but there was what's widely considered as the hardest, worst, most difficult marathon ever run Marathon. Not ultramarathon. No. Again, I'm, I'm just specifically talking about marathons and the, the mind-bending. Part of it is, it wasn't even an official marathon length. It was two miles shorter than what we consider marathons today. And this is still considered the hardest. And it wasn't become, because some racing genius came up with the perfect difficult marathon course.


No, it was because the people involved had no idea what they were doing. Yeah. And this was one of the first marathons in the, the modern era. In the modern Olympics. It was actually the third one. That's right. If you know, there was no marathon in the, the OG ancient games. I think a lot of people think that maybe there was because of the great story of how the marathon came to be. But that would happen much later. There was a, a gentleman named Michel Brielle, who is a 19th century French linguist. And he loved Greek mythology, happened to be good friends with the founder of the Modern Olympics, a guy named Baron Pierre de Corbetta.


And he went to that first IOC meeting, brail did. And he said, Hey guys, we've all heard the story of the Battle of Marathon in four 90 PC when the Greeks fought the Persians and the Greeks won. And very famously sent fip the messenger to run 24 miles back to Athens to say, we won. We won. And then when he did, that immediately dropped dead. Like, we should commemorate that race by making people run that far in these modern Olympics. Yes. And the IOC said, I don't think anyone even invited you. Who are you?


And he said, he said the same thing again, almost verbatim. It was creepy. And they were finally like, well, a good idea is a good idea. He Says, I'm friends with the baron. So they decided to include the Olympic Marathon in the inaugural games in Athens 1896, the first modern Olympics. And because it was in Athens, they were actually able to make a legit marathon from Marathon Yeah. To Athens. Just like the original version. Right? Yeah. Their, their goal was for no one to drop dead when they got back. And fortunately no one did. And to the Greek's great delight, Greek runners took the top three spots, the winner being Spirit on Luis, not the Greek est last name, but his first name definitely screamed Greek.


Did you say? Unfortunately, no one died, or, and fortunately I said, and what kind of a monster do you think I am? Hey, I knew it, but I just wanted to clear that up for people. Hmm. Oh, thank you. You were looking out for me. I was looking out for you. Thank you my friend. So 1904 WA was the third Olympic Games, the first one in the us just as a little bit of a backdrop, because it ties in a bit to what happened in St. Louis. But the 1900 games in Paris were a bit of a flop because it was overshadowed by the Paris Exposition that was held at the same time. And the same thing basically happened in St.


Louis. It coincided with their world's fair AKA, the, the Louisiana Purchase Centennial exhibition. And it was, you know, just sort of overshadow it. World's fairs were very big deals. The Olympics at the time weren't that big of a deal, in fact, because it wasn't like a big city like New York or Chicago or something. A lot of American athletes didn't even come. So we maybe didn't necessarily feel our best. And, but one noteworthy thing was this was the first Olympics to debut all three medal colors, or I guess metal metals. Yeah. Gold, silver, bronze. Right. I don't mean to be pedantic, Chuck, I'm sorry in advance. But it's my understanding that it wasn't until the seventies people called it St.


Louis. I think up to that point it was St. Louis. Okay. I'm glad you pointed that out. So one of the cool things about the St. Louis Olympics is that there was a guy named George Eer who I read a little bit about. He had a wooden leg, and this is a 1904 wooden leg. He won six medals, I think in one day as an American gymnast. Did he win leg throwing? Did he win what? Leg throwing? I didn't know that that was an event. I think you're thinking of the strongest lumberjack event. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. That are the Highland Games. Sure. So he won gymnastic medals with the wooden leg.


Yeah. That's amazing. Pretty impressive. Six of them. Yeah. So this is actually a pretty sweet mashup of our marathon episode and our human zoos episode, they kind of collide here in this, in this episode, the 1904 marathon. And the reason why is because in 1904, there's a guy named James E. Sullivan and he was essentially the guy who ran amateur sports in America. And he was also on the International Olympic Committee representing America. He had a lot to do with amateur sports, right? Yeah. He was selected as the organizer of the 1904 games in St. Louis. And what, he's also one of the reasons why there was such a thing as the human zoo at the World's Fair that year too.


Yeah. He was, by all accounts, a pretty xenophobic, racist kind of guy. One of the things he did later on, famous, I would say legendary athlete, Jim Thorpe, indigenous American. Jim Thorpe had his metal stripped because James Sullivan made a push to do so because they found out that he played minor league baseball. Very briefly. I wanna do a thing on a show on Jim Thorpe, by the way. Yeah, I agree. We should definitely do an episode on him. Because in addition to him being such a, an amazing athlete, he really apparently got screwed over, not just by the people taking his medals back, but by people around him he trusted, who basically sold him out to cover their own hides.


Man. So back to Sullivan, before we get to his human zoo experience that he cultivated at this world's fair, just wanna also point out that he was pretty much exclusively into white men participating in sports because not only did he have a bone to pick with Jim Thorpe, but he did not like black athletes participating. He did not like women participating in 1908 at the Olympics in London. They finally said, Hey, you know what, we should have women in here swimming and running. And Sullivan refused to let the United States field a woman's team. Right. And like you also said, the World's Fair was going on at the same time as the Olympics.


And part of the World's Fair, as was profiled more closely in our human zoos episode, was essentially just a bunch of indigenous villages from around the world that where the like actual people, like actual indigenous people from the Philippines, from Congo, from all sorts of other countries at the time, were brought to be in these living exhibits, essentially to show just how superior White America and white Europe was to these people. They were basically paid and under contract to act as native and indigenous as they possibly could. And that was a big central feature of the 1904 World's Fair.


And being the head of the Department of Physical Culture for the World's Fair Sullivan kind of did a mashup between the, the World's Fair and their human zoos and the Olympic games that he was organizing and came up with what were called the anthropology games. Whereas he also called them the Special Olympics. That's right. These were athletic contests where they would get white Americans and pit them against indigenous people, people of color in the newspaper there in St. Louis. you know, things like barbarians meet in athletic games. And it was, you know, it was, it was like an exhibition again of like, to try and show the superiority of white athletes for this world's fair and isn't everyone gonna love it?


Yeah. So they came up with the shot, put the long jump, the high jump, the mile run. And I, I'm pretty sure we talked about this in the human use episode, but they, the, the indigenous people who were recruited to participate on the indigenous side essentially weren't really told the rules. They were just told, go do this, essentially. And so of course they lost. It was super lopsided. And so I guess, just to be fair, they came up with some indigenous type events and I made scare quotes, everybody, tree climbing, archery, javelin. And yes, essentially the, the white athletes mopped the floor with the indigenous athletes proving to Sullivan and the rest of the white people assembled to watch this stuff that whites were inherently superior for another while longer.


So Sullivan was also the guy that was in charge of designing this race, even though he probably shouldn't have been because he did a very poor job designing this course. He had a, a theory and it wasn't his idea, but there was a a, a theory at the time where something called purposeful dehydration was the way forward for endurance athletes. That is don't drink it much, don't eat much. 'cause that'll just upset your stomach and it'll, it'll not help you in your race. So he said, Hey, why don't we try this out here and we'll just put one water station close to the 12 mile mark and not let them drink any water aside from that.


And we'll see how it shakes out. Yeah. From, from what I can tell, it was, you would be disqualified If, you were caught drinking water other than at that station. So yeah, the, I I know that some, the runners involved had support teams who were basically helping them along with like, you know, keeping their spirits up or whatever. And, but one of the things they were absolutely forbidden from doing is giving their athlete water, their runner water. Yeah. So it sounds nuts, purposeful, dehydration, but If you stop and think about, you know, it's also not a good idea to eat a bunch of stuff and then go out and run today. I think this is, people just mistakenly thought that about water at the time too. Yeah. The other bad idea was they started to sing at three in the afternoon in August in St.


Louis, which is hot and humid. It was 90 degrees that that late afternoon, you know, into early evening is most times the hottest part of the day. And not only that, but he said, Hey, let's run it out there on the dirt road, which may have been okay if it was just these, what was it, 32 runners running. But they had a team of horses running in front of them to try and like clear the road and lead the way along with doctors and race officials and journalists. So they're just kicking up like clouds of dust that, you know, reportedly you couldn't even see through at times that they're having to run through and breathe this stuff in.


Yeah, yeah. Basically the whole time they're just choking on dust. I apparently also, I think that there were regular cars just using the road too at the time. So it was not, it was just a poorly designed, poorly planned, poorly executed thing altogether. Yeah. There was one other thing about it too that I think most marathoners would be like, what, there were seven hill climbs. They ranged from a hundred feet to 300 feet and a 300 foot hill is as tall as a 20 to 30 story building. I'm sure it's not nearly as steep as climbing up a 30 story building, but still you're, you're walking up a substantial or running up a substantial incline to a substantial height and then back down seven times.


That's on top of everything else. That just is everything that's set up this race to be just legendary. I mean, we're talking about it 120 years later, you know? Yeah. Heartbreak Hill, just to compare If, you don't know what kind of elevation rise that is for a marathon, for the Boston Marathon, I think is about 90 feet. Wow. And I'm not sure of the actual, you know, I think it's, I think it's about a half mile for Heartbreak Hill, but again, I'm not really sure how far that 300 feet was, but it's more than three times. So it couldn't have been fun. Are you, are you into Marathon? are you gonna run a marathon? Am I into marathons? I've never run more than a two miles in my life.


Well, I mean, hey, they say the, the journey toward a marathon starts with two mile run. No, no, no. My, my line that I always use is I don't even like to drive 26 miles. That's a good line, man. Not, not into it. I say we take a break and come back and start talking about some of the runners that were in this thing. Okay. Alright, We'll be right back.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that. That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you want to do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you. I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Alright, so I mentioned that 32 people participated in this race in 1904. 14 would end up finishing the race, which is by far the fewest ever in Olympic history. Still to this day. But you know, we'll kind of go through some of the runners here 'cause some were more experienced than others. Some were wackier than others. Three had won the Boston Marathon, so there were, you know, so there were some legit experienced marathoners in there. But there were definitely some dudes running this race that, and again in 1904 running marathons wasn't, you know, nowadays If you do that kind of thing, that's your full-time job basically.


you know, If, you're competitive. That is like in at an Olympic level. But back then it was just like, hey, I'm, I do this, I run a bakery or I'm a a professional clown, but I'm pretty good. you know, I can run a long way. So I'm in the Olympics. Right? There was a guy named Fred Lowers who was a bricklayer and he had won a five mile race sponsored by Sullivan's Amateur Athletic Union. Good enough There. Yeah, sure. Five miles Marathon. What's the difference? There's a guy named Albert Corey, he worked at Slaughterhouse in Chicago. He was from France. So I guess Albert or Ka Corey. Huh?


That blew up in my face. And then there was one of the best known non-professional or non, one of the best known walk-ons, I guess you could call him. His name was Felix Carvajal and he was from Cuba. He was five feet one inch and he was a hundred percent awesome. He was, he was a, he had a big personality. He was quite a character according to all accounts. At various time during the race he would, he would stop just to chat it up with people who were cheering him on. He would playfully like steal peaches out of their hands as he was running. He showed up in long sleeves and long pants and everyone was like, dude, you gotta cut those pants down at least.


And luckily enough there was a someone there with a knife and cut them off at the knees for him. Like right before the race started. Yeah. He was no stranger to running or moving long distances. His nickname was Andin the Walker. And he was well known in Cuba already because he had walked the length of Cuba and back at least once. I saw it twice in one source. That's 777 miles. And he just did it 'cause he wanted to, I saw him compared to the turn of the century Cuban Forest Gump Wonder how he liked to shrimp. That's a great question.


He probably liked it free because he very frequently didn't have any money. Yeah. He was also, messenger, supposedly ran 30 miles a day as part of his job when he, and this is where it gets really kind of fun, he, they didn't, they weren't, weren't gonna pay his way. Cuba was like, sorry. I think the mayor of Havana was like, you know, we're not gonna pay your way to go there. You're welcome to race, but we're not supporting this financially. He started running around city hall in circles in protest and got so many supporters they said, all right, here's the money book your passage on a, on a steamship. Which he took to New Orleans and supposedly was lost his money gambling and had to hitchhike to close to 700 miles to St.


Louis from there. Yeah. He hitchhiked and walked. And I saw that by the time he arrived in St. Louis for the race he hadn't eaten in two days. So he ran that marathon without having eaten the last two days. Yeah. You also said that he liked to joke around with people and stop and chat with spectators and stuff. Apparently he didn't speak English and I also saw that he didn't really speak Spanish. That he spoke some strange langy dialect of Cuban or from Cuba and that people didn't necessarily know what he was talking about. Yeah. Before I could tell he was so animated, you were just engrossed in what he was saying and maybe kind of got what he was saying, the general broad strokes of what he was trying to get across.


Or at the very least he get a laugh out of you. That's, that's how I kind of took all that. Yeah. I know I've said this before, but when I first traveled through Europe in the or mid nineties, I spent an entire night at a German brew house with my, my friend that I was traveling with, hanging out with this old German guy, I mean old, he was probably in his forties, but we were in our early twenties. So old. He seemed ancient, but yeah, hung out with this guy drinking with him for probably five hours. He didn't speak a word of English and I spoke very bad German And. we, but we communicated all night long, It's the international language of beer. I Exactly had love, we, we kissed later on.


Very nice. After drinking for five hours. Yeah, Imagine that. So Carvalhal is again the, the biggest personality to emerge out of this. But he was far from the only kind of character, I guess there were two guys and it's awesome. There's a picture of them together. Len Te Yani, and I don't know if it's Jan or John, but Jan Ani, they were both from South Africa and they were from the Swana tribe, T-S-W-A-N-A. And they were at the World's Fair because they were some of the indigenous people who'd been imported to really kind of play up their indigenousness and also to reenact the Boer war between the Dutch and the English that had just concluded.


And they, in the war, they had been messengers for the Bowers. So they were kind of recreating this on the daily. They were also involved in, I think they ran a marathon in the anthropology games. I have no idea how they were actually brought into the actual Olympic Marathon. The, the main one, the closest explanation that I saw is that there was not a lot of internationality among the participants. Again, like you said, people just weren't coming. I think Deuber 10, the, the guy who founded the modern Olympics didn't even bother to show up that was that poorly attended in that cloggy, The head of the IOC.


Right. So they, they needed to make it more international. And so they had two on Yani and Ani run in this marathon. That's the best explanation I could see of how two black athletes ended up running in the Olympic Marathon. Yeah. They would actually become the first black African athletes in Olympic history of any event. Of any sport. Yeah. And the, the first or the last to represent South Africa for another 86 years until apartheid was taken down. Taken apart. Wow. And then there's one other thing about Ani Tua Yani, he was a mailman, which will come into play in just a little bit.


Yeah. I love the picture of those guys though. Like you mentioned, it's the look on their faces is a little bit like we're gonna do what? Right. It's, it's like studiously avoiding looking perplexed. but I think they're kind of perplexed. Yeah, it's, we're gonna do what slash we got this. Yeah. It's kind of got that feel for sure because Spoiler, they finished the race. Yeah. I mean you spoiled it for me. Alright, so the first thing that they did is they ran five laps around the Olympic stadium. you know, I think they still do something like that now where they, you know, where they're spectators there to watch before they get out on that dirt road.


And before they left the stadium, John Lordon Boston Marathon winner started vomiting and quit the race. Yeah. It was really surprising 'cause he was a favorite Five laps in less than five laps in Make. Yeah, exactly. So that was the first guy, once they made it out of the stadium and onto the dirt roads, they were immediately confronted with the problem of a thick dust. So in addition to running, they're also coughing and breathing shallowly I'm sure. And about 10 miles in things really started to fall apart. And that's, I mean that's a significant distance considering what they were having to put up with. And again, this is a 90 degree day in the afternoon in August, right?


Yeah. So what happened first after John Lord was out, Well they're getting dehydrated. They're choking on the dust and dirt everywhere about the 10 mile mark. Our buddy Fred Ls the bricklayer said, I'm he, I'm tapping out. He called on his little satellite phone and said I'm officially withdrawing. And they got a helicopter and there flew him out. He actually didn't, he said he couldn't continue and then he flagged down a car and jumped in the car and was like, I'll just ride with you guys 'cause you're heading back to the Olympic stadium, but I'm out. And they said, sure, no problem. So just, yeah, kind of put that in your back pocket.


I saw somewhere also that it was his support team slash coach that had been riding along with him. Yeah. Like next to him. Yeah. Yeah. They had all Their guys there in the car. Yeah. So Carvalhal, he doesn't have anybody there. He is totally on his own. He doesn't have a support team. And remember he hasn't eaten in two days. So part of the course ran past an apple orchard and he decided to stop and eat some apples. And depending on who you ask, either he ate too many apples. 'cause he was very hungry. The apples he ate were rotten or he didn't eat apples at all. And he just ate a bunch of peaches, like you said, that he'd snatch from some spectators. Either way he ended up with stomach cramps from either the apples or the peaches or both.


And so Carvalhal did what any Olympic marathoner would do faced with that situation. He found a shady place to lay down and took a nap in the middle of the marathon. That's right. Which is hysterical. So one guy's in a car, one guy that the, the favorite had had puked and stopped before they left the stadium. Our fun Cuban friend is napping in the orchard. One of the South African runners is chased a mile off course by a stray dog. So that ends up adding, I mean, I guess a couple of miles if he had to get back. Right? Yeah. And the Reason, so he, he ran like a real marathon then?


Yeah, exactly. Yeah, because the, this was about two miles shorter. So yeah, tu on Yani was the only one to run a real marathon. And the reason I mentioned that he was a mailman is because yes, he was chased by a dog while he was running the marathon. Oh, I didn't even that little, little cliche, but it's, it's true. I've seen dogs chase mail carriers before. It's not a pretty sight. I Now ask a male carrier, they, they will say that it's a trope for a reason. So all the way at mile 16, Sam Miller, who was another favorite, he started to cramp up from dehydration and there's a, an account that says that he got lost actually, he was kind of disoriented from dehydration and, and exhaustion and that trying to find his way back to the course, he wore himself out and eventually he was just like, I, I can't do this anymore.


I'm out. All right. So Mao's now out and then we've got the worst case of 'em all, which was a guy from California named William Garcia. Billy Garcia at mile 19 starts coughing up blood Yeah. Passes out on the road and is rushed to the hospital and has to have emergency surgery because his esophagus was so caked with dust and dirt and he was swallowing so much of this stuff, it tore his stomach lining so he could have literally died. Yeah. And imagine, I mean like this guy just started breathing this dust just a couple hours before. So I mean it had a really pronounced effect. There was some really nasty dust, I guess.


Should we take a break? Yeah, we're gonna take a break and we're gonna start closing in on that finish line after we get back. How about that? Alright, We'll be right back.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows and best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Hey folks, ready to wow your dinner. Say hello to Goya yellow Rice, your dinner's new secret hero ready in minutes and bursting with an authentic blend of onion, garlic, and other flavorful Latin spices. Spanish style goya. Yellow rice is the perfect match for your meat, fish or chicken, or trained as the star ingredient to prepare a tasty shrimp paella. Find it in the Goya section of your local grocery store. If it's Goya, it has to be good.


So I mentioned earlier, you might've thought I was kidding when I said, some people, you know, might work as a professional clown but can run far. That was a case with Thomas Hicks. He, he, he was a clown, but he was also a clown that suffered from dehydration because he was not allowed to drink right. At mile 10 was like, you've got to give me water, you know, dust flying out of his mouth. And they said, no, no, no, you have to run two more miles to get that water. They sponged him down with some warm distilled water, which must have been quite a relief. Wiped his back and shoulders off a little bit, eventually would get that water. But then on the other side of that break at the seven mile mark was like, by the way, I'm thirsty again.


That didn't, that didn't satisfy me for the rest of the race. And they said, here, drink this. And he said, what is it? And they said, it's egg whites and strick nine down the hatch. Yeah. And apparently that that was like giving Popeye spinach. Yeah. Because he definitely put a little pepin step. And the reason why is because strick nine in very small doses, I saw something like one milligram acts as a stimulant. So much so that there was a, a bronze medalist from Kazakhstan in weightlifting name Za Ov, who had his medal stripped because he tested positive for strick nine in 2016. Yeah. And it's enough of a, an effective stimulant that it's a banned substance.


At the time, there weren't any banned substances apparently except water in the Olympics or in the marathon. Right. And so they were able to give him this little boost with strict nine. I don't know what the purpose of the egg whites were, but I'm sure he was like, I don't care. It's, there's some percentage of this, it's water and I'll take it. Right. Water was a performance enhancing drug, but Strick nine was Not. I think so. Yeah. Exactly. All right, so back to Fred Lores. Remember this guy's kicking it in his doctor's car. He's riding around the ACS blaring, he's listening to run DMC in the back of that limo. And they, you know, they get close to the, to the finish line back at the stadium about four miles out.


He was like, this'll be his hysterical, feeling pretty good now after being in the car for so long. Yeah. I'm gonna pretend like I'm still in this race. Got out of the car, ran into the stadium, the crowd roars because he's in the lead and crosses the finish line at three hours and 13 minutes and was being handed basically the, the Brielle Cup named for Brielle who invented this thing from Alice Roosevelt, daughter of Teddy. And someone in the stands says, wait a minute, that guy was in a car. I'm not sure how they found this out, but someone in the stands clued them in that he was cheating.


And despite him saying like, Hey, this is just a joke. They're like, no, no, no my friend. You were about to take that cup. You're banned for life. Yeah. I imagine that person like shouting out that he was a cheater, being kind of like Princess buttercup getting booed in the Princess Bride. Everybody's cheering and there's that one old woman going, boo. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of exactly how it happened. To tell you the truth now that I think about it. So Lauras was disqualified and Hicks Thomas Hicks, the professional clown, was far enough back that his team received word like, Hey, this guy is just as qualified. The the the first place is now open again.


And Thomas Hicks is like, okay, I'm gonna try hit me with some more strict iron and egg whites and you got any brandy on you because I think it's brandy time. And they did, they gave him a concoction of those three things and he drank it down and they said, wait a minute, champ, we got something even better for you. We're gonna give you another warm sponge bath Right. To get out there and chafe. And so he kept running and as he kept running, remember he had apparently at mile 12 when with that water station they were allowed one cup of water. Yeah. That's it. They couldn't just sit there and pound water. No. So this guy was nearing the end of a, of a 24 mile run with one cup of water on two doses of strick nine, a bunch of egg whites and some brandy.


And he is just barely hopping along. Toward the end, he was kind of engaging in like a, a shuffling jog into a walk and then back into a shuffling jog. And he seemed to as, as far as the, I think the race official said he was basically out of it. Just totally out of it. Not even in his body anymore. Can you imagine the pasty glue like quality of the inside of his mouth and the sweaters on his teeth? Yeah, for sure. And his breath, frankly. Yeah. At least they didn't give him yolks, but yes, it would still be pretty bad. Yeah. There was one quote about the, the last couple of miles there.


His eyes, I almost want to read this as Quint from Jaws. 'cause that's what it sounds like. His eyes were dull, luster less, the ashen color of his face and skin had deepened, his arms appeared, his weights well tied down. He could scarcely lift his legs while his knees were almost stiff. Yeah. He is walking around like Molly Shannon on the episode of Seinfeld where she doesn't move her arms when she walks. Right. That's how this guy was running his marathon toward the end. Yeah, Totally. Yeah. Making meringue in his mouth. Oh God. So he started to hallucinate is the report that Thomas Hicks was like, the finish line is still 20 miles away. Can you imagine just the sense of dread.


Oh my God, no. That Would run over you If you suddenly started believing that. And I guess his support team was like, no, no buddy. We're almost there. We're right there. And as he started to cross the finish line, his trainers helped him. This was a kind of something that plagued early marathons that, that the trainers of support staff were totally fine with. Essentially carrying you across the finish line. Yeah. I don't know if it was this one or the guy from the 1908 Olympic Marathon, but one of the two were so carried across the, the finish line that so carried their, their feet were still moving in mid-air as if they were still making their way, you know? Yeah. Like a cartoon.


Pretty much. Yeah. So he was very much helped to cross the finish line, but this thing was so exhaustive and just so brutal that he still won first place. But even as he was crossing the finish line, the, there was the St. Louis dispatch wrote about how he looked and how he was behaving, which was even worse than what the race official wrote earlier. Do you want me to read it? Yeah, he, do you want me to read it like Quint Or either that or like in 1904, St. Louis writer. Oh, I'll just read it as Sammy Davis Jr. Okay. All right. No, come On. No, it's too long. I'll read the last bit. He must have heard the uproar around him, but he betrayed no sign of it.


He was past that. He did look up once when the den was at its height. He was within a few yards of the finish. Did you hear that? Did something blow up? No. Let's bad thunder. Let's leave it in there. And here comes Sammy to finish up his lower jaw. Man was hanging as in Il, his eyes stared blankly, babe. But his pitiful expression didn't change. Man. I think the best thing that ever happened to this podcast was everyone including me, discovering that you can do a great Sammy Davis Jr. Oh, I mean, it all goes to Billy Christella just stole his impression from SNL. I'm not, I I reject that.


Okay. So yeah, so he was in worse shape than we thought. Even he, he didn't even know what was going on. What was his time? Three hours, 28 minutes. The worst time in history of the Olympics. Yeah. So he apparently by 30 minutes it was the slowest gold medal time in the Olympic Marathon by 30 full minutes. And keep in mind, starting at the next Olympics in 1908, the marathon began to be run as a 26.2 mile race. Right. So this was two miles shorter and still slower by 30 minutes. So technically it was probably about 40 minutes slower than the next worst time in Olympic history. There was one other really significant thing about all this.


It had the greatest number of, did not finishes something like 56% of the people did not complete the race. 34, only 14 of the original 32 runners completed this race that is abysmal. Yeah. I think the next worst percentage was like 28% in Tokyo a few years back. This is like, no, nothing has ever been run like this before and hasn't been since. Yeah. Our friends from South Africa, both ish, like I said earlier, one came in 12th place, so beat two people and one of them came in ninth place. So you know, ninth out of 15 and these guys had never run marathons before.


No. And one of them, I think we left out If, you look at that photo, one of them is wearing boots and the other one's barefoot. So it's pretty impressive. CarVal Carvalhal. I just, I keep thinking of the ice cream cake and it messes, you know me up. I know Carvalhal, he finished fourth and don't forget, he took a nap in the middle of this, hadn't eaten in two days and still finished fourth. So there's no telling what he could have done had he been rested and fed and hadn't eaten a bunch of apples that gave him stomach cramps. So Carvalhal won in my opinion. Yeah, I agree. You would think that James Sullivan learned his lesson and I was like, well I guess we proved that water drinking is probably something you should do because you know less than half of these guys finished.


Not, not. So he actually wrote a book in 1909 called Marathon Running where he said, don't get into the habit of drinking and eating in a marathon race. Some prominent runners do, but it is not beneficial. Smart, Smart guy. So he did also say that there was, that the, the marathon was essentially indefensible and that it asked too much of human endurance. So he kind of turned his back on it. But other people were like, no, we like the marathon. He's like, really? Okay. Yeah, the marathon's great. Right. And the, like I said, the 1908 Olympic Marathon was the first where it was run as 26.2 miles and the goes that it, that extra 0.2 miles was because the distance from the actual finish line at 26 miles to the box where the royals were sitting watching the race was 0.2 miles.


So they had to add 0.2 miles onto that 26 miles so that the royals could be sitting there at the finish line. That's the lore. Love it. And I'm pretty sure it's true. Yeah, that's, I totally buy that. Sure. You got anything else? I got nothing else. This was a good one. Thank you to Peter Pit Gibbon. Thanks Peter. If. you wanna be like Peter and send us an email? We would love that. We always are happy to get good ideas. We will add 'em to the pile and since I said that and got confused for a second, thinking that I was wrapping up the show, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this short and sweet on phone. Freaking.


And this is from Kathy with a K. Hey guys, when you mentioned long distance calls and how people got around the high rates, it reminded me of when I was a teenager and would go out of town with friends skiing or to the beach, they had a system where they would arrive at our destination. We would call home person to person asking to speak to buddy who was their dog. And that was the little clue there. My parents would say he was not at home and they would know that we'd arrived safely. Nice. That's from Kathy with a K. So it's a nice little workaround hack. Parents knew when someone called asking for the dog. That just meant they were there safely. No charges. Anytime I hear Kathy with a K, it makes me wonder if it's one of our Stuff, You, Should, Know Army members.


Kathy with the K from Arizona who gave us the lassos to learn how to rope steer with. I don't think it's at Kathy, but I've still got that rope. I keep it at the camp. Same here. I hope to rope a bear one day. That'd be great. I hope you get it on video If. you do. Yeah. Well If, you wanna be like Kathy and send us a cute little anecdote about something we talked about. We love that too. And you can send that as well to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and s not a bank, not investment advice.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.