American Express (2s):
Hey, Order Up Small Business Saturday is right around the corner, and so is that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping Small on Small Business Saturday. Founded by American Express.

Capital One (15s):
Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus, there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One Quick silver card, what's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com for details.

3 (40s):
Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio

4 (50s):
Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's even here too. So this is a real deal episode of Stuff You. Should Know. Let's go.

0 (59s):
That's right. Another New York A Dish.

4 (1m 4s):
Yeah, we're putting 'em out every week now.

0 (1m 7s):
It's been a while.

4 (1m 8s):
No it hasn't. We just did Studio 54 a few weeks back. Oh

0 (1m 12s):
Yeah.

4 (1m 13s):
That's pretty New York.

0 (1m 15s):
No, I mean it's Super New York by the way. I went to, I sent you pictures, but I went by Studio 54.

4 (1m 21s):
I know, I saw that.

0 (1m 23s):
It was kind of cool. They still have the, the doors that say Studio 54. They left a few iconic bits. I was on that sidewalk in front of it. Trying to imagine people having sex on the sidewalk. And. I got really grossed out

4 (1m 38s):
Could Oh, you could envision it. Oh

0 (1m 40s):
Yeah. God, you should. I should have picked out a hotter couple maybe in my mind, but yeah. Didn't do it.

4 (1m 47s):
No, you got Dan Akroyd as a wild and crazy guy.

0 (1m 50s):
I saw that movie too when I was there, by the way,

4 (1m 53s):
What movie?

0 (1m 54s):
The Saturday Night Live movie about the, the first episode of Saturday Night Live.

4 (2m 1s):
So you saw your, in your most recent New York trip, you saw there's a movie out is what you're saying about Saturday Night Live? Yeah.

0 (2m 8s):
It's Jason Reitman's new movie. It's called Saturday Night.

4 (2m 12s):
Oh, well good for him. I like most of his stuff. Yeah.

0 (2m 15s):
If you're a fan of SNL, the movie is good enough, I think.

4 (2m 19s):
Did they portray Chevy Chase? Like my dad taught me to think of him.

0 (2m 24s):
The guy who played Chevy Chase was great.

4 (2m 26s):
Okay. Yeah. Was it Chevy Chase?

0 (2m 29s):
Chevy Chase Jr.

4 (2m 31s):
No, junior.

0 (2m 33s):
It's like when Ice Cube got his son to play him. Yeah. And like, 'cause he looks just like him. It was pretty perfect.

4 (2m 38s):
That kid did really well until the hospital scene where Eazy-E is dying up until that moment, I was like, this kid's pretty good for a amateur.

0 (2m 48s):
Yeah.

4 (2m 49s):
And even after that too, it's just like one brief moment. And it Could be forgiven.

0 (2m 54s):
Yeah. I mean, how do you think you would do in an easy e death scene? Huh, Mr. Bigshot?

4 (2m 59s):
I would, I'd, I'd be pretty over the top, I think. Easy. Yeah. Pounding on the walls and sobbing. Yeah. We were both just decided at the same time. It's time to get on with the episode, huh? Yeah.

0 (3m 13s):
Enough of that.

4 (3m 14s):
So Chuck, we're talking about Tavern on the Green, And I know for a fact that we're talking about Tavern on the Green because you recently dined a Tavern on the Green. And after reading all of this stuff, I actually am, I'm curious to know what you thought of it, because I'm curious. That's why. Let's just leave it at that. Well, have

0 (3m 33s):
You been, did I ask you that

4 (3m 35s):
You didn't and No. So no to both of those.

0 (3m 38s):
Okay. How about this? I'll save my review of the experience till the end.

4 (3m 44s):
I think that's a great plan.

0 (3m 45s):
Just to tantalize listeners.

4 (3m 48s):
So let's go. Well, we'll tell everybody, if you're not familiar with Tavern on the Green, it's a legendary restaurant in part because of its location. It's in one of the better restaurant locations in the United States. It's on Central Park. It's actually a part of Central Park. So much so that the city's parks department actually owns the restaurant. They just lease it out to different operators who want to try their hand at making it like the premier dining establishment in Manhattan. And at multiple times it has been exactly that. But what a lot of people don't know, especially if you're not familiar with the restaurant, is that it actually started out as a sheep enclosure. Sheep used to sleep in Tavern on the Green.

0 (4m 29s):
Yeah. You know, I think that the fact that it's owned by the parks department is the fact of the episode. I had no idea until yesterday.

4 (4m 38s):
Okay. Yeah. It's it's definitely up there for sure in this one.

0 (4m 42s):
Yeah. But sheep fold is a sheep enclosure. And for the first 60 years or so, that's what Taber on the Green was like you said, just as a sort of a quick recap, If, you wanna Listen to our Central Park episode about the history of Central Park. It's well worth a listen. But when Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vox designed Central Park, they won a contest in 1858 design contest for their greens word plan. Part of the plan called for a parade ground and a, and a very big playground. Right. At 66th Street on the west side of the park.

4 (5m 22s):
Yeah. And the thing took so long to build, I think they, they were awarded the contract for their plan in 1858. And by 1870 they were still building this. And they were like, parade grounds are so 1850s. Right. We don't want one of those anymore. Yeah. We're gonna go, we're gonna turn it into a sheep meadow instead. Because apparently sheep were all the rage at the time. And I think that actually goes to to show even by the 1870s, New York was so urbanized that people yearned for a kind of a pastoral setting. Yeah. So much so that they made a sheep meadow with sheep in the middle of Manhattan in Central Park so that people could come, you know, take in the sheep.

0 (6m 8s):
Yeah. It, well not take them into the house visually. Yeah. We've talked a lot about boss tweet, obviously anytime we're talking about this period, this era of New York boss, Tweed Tweed ran the city and his cronies got involved with the Central Park Planning board and said, all right, we're gonna do some upgrades. $6 million worth in fact, which is a ton of money back then and today. But one of the new additions was a really fancy sheep fold at 67th and Central Park West that was really beautiful. It was designed by Jacob Ray Mold, one of the guys who designed a lot of the, the actual buildings there in Central Park, of which there are not a ton of, but they all have a, a distinct sort of, they, they're all sort of like made of stone and they all are really kind of classy and old school looking

4 (7m 4s):
Neo gothic.

0 (7m 5s):
Yeah. Neogothic, he was really into that gothic revival stuff. So mold design this beautiful sheep fold. And people would, like you said, they would come, it was almost like a, like an interactive little museum. They could come and look at the sheep. They could come and touch different varieties of wool. They would shear those sheep and sell that wool in a big event every year. And it was like, like you said, it was like, Hey, you tired of the city? And go watch those beautiful dorsett sheep and touch their, their almost at fur their wool.

4 (7m 40s):
Right. Good catch. Yeah. New York loves its unofficial mascots. It loves adopting mascots. And I get the impression that that flock of sheep was one of them at the time. So they lived there from the 1870s up until 1934. And they were moved to the Prospect park Yeah. In Brooklyn. I read somewhere that one of the rumors about that move was that a hooverville, basically a, a tenement camp that was set up by people during the depression to survive in, they were worried that they were gonna start poaching sheep. So they moved them from Central Park to Prospect Park to protect the sheep.

0 (8m 22s):
I believe that.

4 (8m 23s):
But there's a couple of things about that, that sheep enclosure that became Tavern on the green. One of the things was at the Central Park Zoo, sometimes they would have extra animals, I guess, more than they could care for. So they would put them in the sheep enclosure temporarily until they could find someone to, to sell it to. And at one point there was a puma in there with the sheep And. I'm quite sure the sheep did not like that at all.

0 (8m 48s):
Yeah. That probably wasn't a good move. They did enjoy their home. 'cause this thing in 1871 cost $70,000 to build. Yeah. And like I said, it was, it was a beautiful building. They had these pavilions built for people to sit in to watch. And these pavilions had these bucolic pastoral murals, And. it was just a, a lovely little scene there. They even had, of course, a shepherd, the last one to work there, worked there for the, the final two decades until 1934. His name was Frank Hoey. And he watched over the herd and lived there. And in 1934, that's like you said, when everything changed, when parks commissioner Robert Moses very famous New York figure said, you know what, this sheep fold should be a restaurant.

4 (9m 35s):
Yeah. And should be is a weird way to put it, because when he announced it, they'd already started construction on converting it. Yeah. To a restaurant that was a, a like a tried and true Robert Moses trick where he's, he's well known by the way, is overdeveloping and paving New York City often through vital neighborhoods. Yeah. But that was just, that was standard Robert Moses stuff like, well, well, we've already started. Yeah. If, you don't like the idea. Sorry, we've already started and spent money on it. What are we gonna do now? Yeah.

0 (10m 7s):
His, I think his big slogan was, by the way

4 (10m 11s):
Exactly, did I mention,

0 (10m 13s):
Yeah. Did I mention,

4 (10m 14s):
So this was, I think in February, 1934, the announcement came out. The New York Times read Sheep Fold and Park to become Tavern CWA workers converting old building into a picture risk popular restaurant prices to be moderate.

0 (10m 31s):
Yeah. And then they also said the remodel building will be known in the future as Tavern on the Green. And, you know, within the average, within reach of the average purse was sort of the, the working, not slogan, but just, you know, they wanted to make it affordable. It wouldn't turn out, you know, it would end up being, I guess for the time, a pretty expensive restaurant. I think once it hit the sixties and seventies. But we'll get there now. It's, you know, it's a, it's a New York restaurant, so it's not cheap, but it's not like some super, super expensive place.

4 (11m 7s):
Yeah. I was surprised to see that. I read a 2014 restaurant review And, it opened up again in its current incarnation and they were talking about like $30 main dishes. Yeah. And. that is, that's not bad. No. I mean's that's on part. Find that mini city. Yeah,

0 (11m 22s):
Exactly.

4 (11m 23s):
I was Yeah. Surprised to hear that. But I found an old menu from maybe the fifties. They were selling martinis for like 85 cents, not on sale. This was not a happy hour price. This was their regular menu. Yeah, yeah. I know. Can you imagine how much trouble we would get into? Yeah,

0 (11m 42s):
Exactly. It's just get the change purse out and live your life. So one part of the announcement then said this, the park department will not undertake the management of the, of the restaurant, but will let it as in lease it to an outside concessionaire by public bidding. And that, that started sort of a, a very unusual arrangement wherein New York City, we'd be the landlord of Taven on the green and people would, you know, bid for the contracts and not only bid for the contracts, but pay a pretty hefty licensing fee to do so.

4 (12m 17s):
Yeah, that's a big one too. They would pay an incense like Murr and Gold coin as tribute to the city. Didn't believe

0 (12m 27s):
That one.

4 (12m 28s):
Good. So they seem to, the city of New York also seems to have gotten some free labor out of the deal from the federal government, because the Civil Works Administration, which is a federal agency during the Depression that put out of work, Americans to work and like revamping infrastructure, you know, all the stuff we do today. They actually converted the sheep fold to the tavern on the green. They paved the, the place where the sheep used to eat with Flagstones. Yeah. So it was converted to an outdoor dining area. You could also dance there. People wouldn't look at you weird If. you did. Yeah. And because it seems to have been an outdoor dining venue only in its first incarnation in the thirties.

4 (13m 12s):
It was, I, Dave helped us with this and he tried to do some digging. And I think he's right that it, it was open only during the summer because it was too cold to eat outside in the winter in New York.

0 (13m 25s):
Yeah. And they called it Tavern on the Green because New York had a rich tradition of taverns in, in their past, in the 17 hundreds. They had more taverns per capita than any city in the world. And something else called Pleasure Gardens were popular in the 18th century where you could, you know, have a drink and do some dancing in a very pastoral park-like setting. And so Tavern on the Green was kind of a throwback to like, hey, you know, a throwback to the, to the days of the 18th century.

4 (13m 54s):
Yeah. And I read a little more on it, I think on Curbed, or I think it was curved, where they were talking about how those taverns were those pleasure gardens often sprouted from taverns. So taverns played a really big role on creating green space. That's awesome. Even as far back as the 18th century. Like that's how much New York was starving for green space that Yeah. You, you would have to like hang out at a tavern to do it. So I thought that was pretty cool as a, a nod to that tradition.

0 (14m 23s):
Well, their paved space was covered in horse crap. True. So I imagine Green Space was a nice respite,

4 (14m 31s):
Right? Yeah. Yeah. And If, you brought a horse to the tavern. People would get really mad.

0 (14m 35s):
Oh man. Can you imagine?

4 (14m 37s):
You wanna take a break? Yeah.

0 (14m 38s):
That's a great setup. And then we'll pick back up in the 1930s right after this.

American Express (14m 58s):
Hey, order Up Small Business Saturday is right around the corner. And so is that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping Small on Small Business Saturday founded by American Express.

Peloton (15m 14s):
Hey everybody, we wanna tell you that Peloton has a variety that will allow you to adapt to any season of life and keep you coming back through changing interest, potential injuries and recoveries. And even just a busy season. Pelotons still going to be there to keep you going each step of the way. That's right. From four weeks strength building classes to running, cycling, and everything in between. Peloton can adapt to any goal and need in this season of your life. Yeah. You can challenge yourself anywhere too with Pelotons All Access membership. So you can work out where you need to, like at home on your bike tread or row. Or you can take your favorite classes on the go and at the gym with the app. That's right. Peloton has the perfect class for you to sweat in no matter what. So find your push and find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.

Barian (16m 4s):
Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Barian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, Barian is having a huge site wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S i.com/cocktail

6 (17m 16s):
Learn and stuff with Joshua and Charles. Job Stuff, You Should Know.

4 (17m 25s):
So the whole thing started in the thirties when they converted the sheep fold into the tavern on the green. And it was eventually like, it, it didn't last for very long as a, a tavern, or maybe this was during the winter, Chuck. It was taken over by the headquarters of the City Patrol Corps during the forties during World War ii. A lot of the police officers around America went off to war. They still need police back in America. So they got volunteers actually from the people who were still in the country. And apparently they made their headquarters at Tavern on the Green.

4 (18m 5s):
And then in 1943 things really started to swing. I think it was kind of a, an unusual peculiar place up until this point in 1943. It like really starts to become tavern on the green as we understand it today.

0 (18m 21s):
Yeah. 'cause you know, New York grew from the South upward and this was way up at 66th, 67th Street. So yeah, it might have taken a while for that to become legitimized. But yeah, 43 is when it really kind of started the, I was about to say nonstop operation as restaurant, but as we'll see, that would be interrupted later on as well. But it's at this point that it became year round open dancing, dining cocktailing, drinking three shots of gin for 85 cents, I guess And. it was doing pretty good. You know, it was one of the most popular restaurants in the 1950s. They expanded it from 10,000 square feet to more than double to 21,000, including the very famous Elm tree room, which, you know, they built around one of the famous live elm trees and including the indoor and outdoor space they had, they could seat more than or up to 1200 guests.

4 (19m 20s):
Wow. That's a lot of people. A lot of

0 (19m 22s):
Folks.

4 (19m 23s):
I looked all over for a picture of that Elm tree room with the elm tree. Me, there's a real dearth of like, I know vintage photos of Tavern on the Green. You'd think they'd be all over the internet, but they're not.

0 (19m 33s):
Yeah. And I'm sure you ran into what I did, which is tons of articles about that other Elm right next to the outdoor dining that was recently cut down.

4 (19m 42s):
I didn't see that. No, they cut down an elm tree, huh?

0 (19m 44s):
Yeah, it was a 160 year old Elm And I think that it was like this summer that had some kind of blight And that, you know, unfortunately they had to take it down, but that was not, I don't think the elm from the Elm Tree Room.

4 (19m 58s):
Okay. Okay. Good. Pretty sure. So by 1950, the Tavern on the Green was enough on the map as far as like, like nightlife in the United States went like pe like popular culture was well enough aware of Tavern on the Green, that they were able to sell a live album called Dancing at the Tavern on the Green to Milt Saunders and his orchestra, And I. Love it. And If, you see the, did you see the cover of that thing? Yeah. Oh man. It is just, they might as well have just stamped the, the numbers 1950 on the cover and left it at that. Yeah. It's pretty great. But that was like that they sold that record because people out who couldn't make a tavern on the Green would wanna buy that and impress their friends.

0 (20m 41s):
Yeah, totally. This is where they first started wrapping the trees with those white lights, which is one of the, of the sort of signature tavern on the green things.

4 (20m 49s):
Yeah, I saw they're up to 10 miles of lights now.

0 (20m 52s):
Yeah. I mean, I will say this spoiler alert for my ultimate review, it is a very beautiful place to dine.

4 (20m 59s):
Yeah. I believe that

0 (21m 0s):
Still. And 56, a very interesting thing happened in its history when Robert Moses found himself up against some Manhattan mommies when he said, Hey, I'm gonna, I'm, I need a bigger parking lot, so I'm gonna use this half acre over here. That, eh, sure there are a lot of kids that like playing over there, but we need some parking. And the moms took it very seriously and they got their kids informed, a human barricade to block bulldozers, got in a real fight with Moses. He built a fence to try and keep them out. The moms got an injunction and uncharacteristically Moses backed down and abandoned that and set aside $50,000 for a new playground that's still there today.

4 (21m 44s):
Yeah. The West 67th Street Adventure playground, which If, you see like vintage photos of it from the sixties. They're like mounds made of stone that like, I could just see a kid slipping on and cracking his head open with Yeah. Like, they looked really dangerous, but I think they kind of converted them into something a little more safe today. But yeah, it's really neat that the tradition of playgrounds that generation after generation of kids had played on. Totally. So the first notable restaurateur that took over, I think the first restaurateurs that took over was in the forties and they owned the Claremont Inn And. it was a super stuffy, well-heeled dining place on the Hudson.

4 (22m 26s):
They're the first notable ones, but the first actual restaurateur who people had already heard of, his name was Joe Bal. And this is in the sixties that he took over the lease of Tavern on the Green and he was known as the Cecil b Demil of restaurateurs, which was really saying something in the sixties.

0 (22m 44s):
Yeah. And for good reason, he ran not only Tavern on the Green, but the windows of the world atop the World Trade Center, eventually the Rainbow Room, the world famous Rainbow Room and the Four Seasons, which at the time when this dude, when Joe Baum was running these, they were the four highest grossing restaurants in Manhattan and they were all his. Yeah. It's remarkable.

4 (23m 7s):
Yeah. I mean that's a, that's a Cecil b de mill type. Yeah. And If, you don't know who that is. Look 'em up. Right.

0 (23m 13s):
Yeah.

4 (23m 14s):
So he did a, a really good job of putting it on the map. And like we said, you know, by 1950 it was already, you know, part of popular culture. But I think this guy really turned it into something genuinely special for the first time. But I think most people who know about the history of Tavern on the Green would agree that it didn't really become like a gym of a restaurant be jeweled even until Warner LeRoi came along in I think 1974.

0 (23m 45s):
Yeah. And he came along at a good time because the, through the sixties and seventies it was doing okay. but it started to feel a little bit dated. And then by the time the seventies rolled around, central Park had become, I don't know, like how legitimately dangerous it was, but it, it became dangerous enough to where it was sort of part of the national punchline as far as like, yeah, go to Central Park, If, you wanna get mugged. Right. That kind of thing. And so, you know, the, the restaurant fell on harder times and Joe Baum was calling it The Tavern and the Red. And 1974, like he said, Warner Laroi took over. He's a former theater director and this guy had a, to say he had a flare is sort of understating things.

0 (24m 32s):
He ran a bar for a while called Maxwell's Plum. Oh my God.

4 (24m 35s):
If. you seen pictures of that

0 (24m 36s):
God just gorgeous restaurant. Just

4 (24m 39s):
Heaven. Maybe

0 (24m 40s):
Over the top. I don't know about Gaudy or not. I mean, I think it looks like an amazing place to have a, have a martini, but it did get some like bad reviews for just how sort of kaleidoscopic and gaudy it was.

4 (24m 53s):
Did you see the picture of the actual Bar? Bar?

0 (24m 56s):
Oh yeah. Oh my

4 (24m 57s):
God. Dude, it looked just amazing. But also the dining room, it was just cool too. Like they had low ceilings with Tiffany lit Tiffany plated glass hanging down or covering them. It's just amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I loved Maxwell's Plum. I would've loved it too. It turns out also, Carrie Grant, Warren Beatty, Barbara Streisand, they all loved Maxwell Plum. All the best people. Yeah. And one of the things that, that Warner Laroi was known for, that he made his name for at Maxwell's Plum, was having a really eclectic menu that was also not exclusionary. He wanted to make sure that basically anybody could come and like, enjoy a, a meal at his place.

4 (25m 43s):
And you, he also didn't have a dress code either. That was a big one too. He wanted you to just feel comfortable. So he had on Maxwell Plums menu, everything from Iranian caviar to hamburgers, I believe.

0 (25m 56s):
Yeah. There, there's a place in Atlanta, God, what is the name of it? I haven't been there. But the theme of the restaurant is that it's got like five or six different distinct cuisines. Hmm. And that's like what it's known for. And. it, it's even in the name of the restaurant. I can't remember what it's called.

4 (26m 15s):
Oh, six Cuisines over on West Peachtree.

0 (26m 21s):
That's a good

4 (26m 21s):
One. Thanks.

0 (26m 22s):
You got me. I can't remember. Anyway, I'll look it up and let you know.

4 (26m 26s):
Yeah, please do let me know.

0 (26m 28s):
But you're right. So Maxwell Slum was, was kind of a wacky place. He took over Tavern on the Green and he brought that same kind of flashiness there. His, he had a quote where he said, A restaurant is a fantasy kind of living theater in which diners are the most important members of the cast. It's one of the few creations that appeal to all of the senses, and one with which I can create my own world. So he spent 10 million bucks on a restaurant he doesn't own. Right. Renovating this thing to, you know, in his own sort of flashy style.

4 (27m 0s):
So did you see that New Yorker review that I sent you?

0 (27m 3s):
Yeah.

4 (27m 4s):
Did you see them describing what they, what they did on opening day in 1976? Yeah, so I say Take it man.

0 (27m 12s):
Well, I don't have it in front of me. Can you take it?

4 (27m 14s):
Sure. So they had the world's largest sundae, 7,250 pounds of Neapolitan ice cream. There was a nine liter bottle of champagne that had been flown over from France. It had its own first class seat on Air France. And then there was a 16 foot model of Central Park as a cake. This is what Warner Laroi did. Yeah. He, I I also saw that he was known for wearing tafta suits or sequin suits. Oh yeah. So yeah, he was flashy to the, to the nines. He was also the son of the legendary producer of the Wizard of Oz, Mervin Leroy, which explains Warner Leroy's daughter's name.

0 (27m 52s):
Oh, is it Dorothy?

4 (27m 54s):
No, that'd be great. No, her name is Jennifer Oz Laroy.

0 (27m 58s):
Oh, right, okay.

4 (27m 60s):
Yeah. That's called Family Tradition right there.

0 (28m 3s):
I really thought it would be Dorothy.

4 (28m 5s):
It, it kinda should have been Dorothy Red Shoes Laroy

0 (28m 9s):
Or what's the, what's the witch in Wicked?

4 (28m 12s):
I don't know.

0 (28m 14s):
We went and saw Wicked What? Uba? Uba.

4 (28m 18s):
I don't know. I

0 (28m 18s):
Dunno. That's what Emily Wynn asked for Halloween. Anyway, the Green Witch from Wicked, that would've been a good name too.

4 (28m 25s):
That's the Wicked Witch of the West, I think. Yeah.

0 (28m 27s):
But she had a name. Chandeliers were brought in. He brought in 15 chefs from Thro. He brought these chandeliers in straight from India and then built the very famous, somebody say infamous Crystal Room, which was a very sort of over the top room full of crystals. It was, you know, made of glass. That was the, the building, if you've seen the, the very first Ghostbusters when Rick Moranis Yeah. Runs up and bangs on the window before getting attacked. That is the crystal room. And that's the part that I couldn't figure out. Like the room I ate in was All Glass as well.

0 (29m 7s):
And I think it was just a re sort of a, a different version of what that was.

4 (29m 12s):
Exactly. Yes. Yeah, they completely altered it. Yeah, for sure. It wasn't like it was in the eighties where it was like, in its heyday, it was also in other movies. Arthur,

0 (29m 22s):
One of my favorites,

4 (29m 23s):
It, it was in Beaches, the scene where they win that dance contest against the gangsters that are chasing them. Yeah.

0 (29m 31s):
Ton of movies. Yeah.

4 (29m 32s):
It it's, it's really a well known dining room, but yeah. It's not there anymore. And, and the one of the reasons why is because over the years, years one of Leroy's taste started to kind of seem a little tacky. Yeah. So, yeah. But I think now if they had just preserved it, people, I think more people would flock to it just because of the vintage thing, you know?

0 (29m 56s):
Well now they would 'cause yeah, that kind of campy kitschy thing is appreciated. But at the time, not everyone appreciated it. Semi-recently, I, I guess when it reopened they kinda looked back and a guy named Pete Wells, a former restaurant critic for the New York Times, described that original Crystal room as a wedding cake palace as imagined by a 6-year-old princess with a high fever.

4 (30m 21s):
That's great, man. If, you wanna read great turns of phrase, just read restaurant reviews. Yeah. They are so cruel. What a bunch of nuts. But in the funniest ways, And, that that whole, that whole review from 2014 is just hilarious. But also like, you just feel bad at the same time for laughing at it. Yeah, totally. So under Warner Leroy's steerage, like this is when Tavern on the Green became like the place where Patrick Bateman would want like a seat. And apparently the managers made pretty good money on the side accepting bribes Yeah. To, to seat people in the crystal room. It was like the place to be.

4 (31m 1s):
And, and, and not just the eighties, but also through the nineties too. So the whole place was riding high. As a matter of fact, I think in the nineties it was the highest grossing independent restaurant in the United States Tavern on the Green West.

0 (31m 17s):
Yeah. They had revenues annually of more than 40 million bucks, seating more than 600,000 diners a year. Which is a staggering number of people. He got a pretty good deal. It was one of these things where when he came in, the Central Park was kind of dangerous. And like I said, the restaurant was on hard times. So he was really in the driver's seat as far as sort of saying like, Hey, give me a pretty good deal, mayor Ed Koch. And he was pretty desperate. The mayor was and the city was. So they let him build that crystal crystal room without, you know, getting the necessary permit, which was apparently pretty expensive.

0 (31m 57s):
And they said you only have to pay 1.2 million for the license fee, which apparently is a lot cheaper than the arrangement he had with Baum.

4 (32m 4s):
Yeah. And also, apparently the Crystal room expansion was illegal under municipal codes. And they did, they looked the other way without, with them not getting a, a building permit to build it. Yeah. Like they really were sinking a lot of faith into Tavern on the Green, bringing in a lot of revenue for the city, not just through the licensing fees, but you know, people traveling to New York in part to go dine at Tavern on the Green. That was like the, the way that it was viewed.

0 (32m 33s):
Yeah. Should we take another break? Yeah. Alright, we'll take another break and we'll come back and continue through the eighties and nineties right after this.

American Express (32m 55s):
Hey, order Up Small Business Saturday is right around the corner. And so is that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping small on Small business Saturday founded by American Express.

Bartesian (33m 9s):
Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker. When you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S i.com/cocktail.

Public.com (34m 9s):
Heads up folks, interest rates are falling, but as of September 23rd, 2024, you can still lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account@public.com. That's a pretty big deal because when rates drop, so can the interest you earn on your cash. A Bond account allows you to lock in a 6% or higher yield with a diversified portfolio of high yield and investment grade corporate bonds. So while other people are watching their returns shrink, you can sit back with regular interest payments. But you might want to act fast because your yield is not locked in until you invest the good news. It only takes a couple of minutes to sign up@public.com. Lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account only@public.com. Brought to you by public investing member Finra. SIPC Yield to worst is not guaranteed, not an investment recommendation. All investing involves risk. Visit public.com/disclosures for more info

6 (35m 22s):
Learn and stuff with Joshua and Charles. Stop You. Should Know.

0 (35m 32s):
So another fact of Tavern on the Green at the time was that Laroi had a staff that was not unionized. So he paid pretty low wages for a long, long time. It took a walkout in 1989 over that low pay for the workers to finally get with the union, the New York Hotel and Motels Trade Council. But they were rolling in dough at the time so they could afford those wages. And they were doing pretty well until 2001. First of all, Warner Leroy died very sadly in February of that year. Then nine 11 happened, which put a, a dent on New York City as a whole. Yeah. And that's when Jennifer Oz, Leroy Oz, Dorothy Green Witch Laroi Yeah.

0 (36m 18s):
Had taken over. but it just, it just wasn't happening. They just could not recapture that magic. The restaurant was never very well reviewed for the food And. it was starting to kind of matter because people weren't going just for the experience. And food was a, just a much bigger deal and there were plenty of great restaurants by then. So yeah. The, the restaurant just kind of fell off by the mid two thousands.

4 (36m 44s):
I I saw in Town and Country Magazine, the Go-to source for facts about New York nightlife. Yeah. They said that that the New York Times reviewed over like 23 years or something like that. The New York Times reviewed Tavern on the Green five times And. it never got more than one out of four stars. Yeah. That's mean like, that sounds like a vendetta almost. You know, I do

0 (37m 7s):
Think it was, had a bit of a Bullseye on it. I'm not saying like the food was ever like great And, it was just really unfairly reviewed. But I I do think it was definitely a restaurant that critics wanted to kind of poke a hole in. Yeah.

4 (37m 22s):
It's just mean.

0 (37m 24s):
Yeah, I know.

4 (37m 25s):
So I think in 2009 there was a lawsuit in 2008 against the management for sexual and racial harassment of female black and Hispanic employees. It's not a good look for your restaurant. No. And then the next year the Parks department said, we're kind of done with the Laroi family. I think you guys have run your course. And they decided not to renew their 20 year license with the family. And so they announced that they would be taking bids and probably assumed that this was going to be the revamping regeneration revitalization of Tavern on the Green And. it turns out that no one would go near it. They were like, I don't know man.

4 (38m 6s):
That place has a pretty bad reputation and it's gonna cost a lot to bring it back to its glory And. it set unused for five years I think.

0 (38m 17s):
Yeah. From 2010 to 2014. It was five years not a restaurant. And, And like you said, it was just, it was a big risk 'cause it was a big expensive undertaking. It had never had a great reputation. I think it was always the target of critics. And so no one would, no one would go in. I think they, they tried a couple of times. There was a guy named Dean Po who ran the Central Park Boathouse restaurant. He tried to negotiate a good deal with the trade union, couldn't do it for six months, so he backed out. Other bidders were scared away. And so while it was vacant, mayor Bloomberg said, well let's make it a a gift shop.

0 (38m 58s):
So it was an information center and center and tourist shop and you know, there were a lot of people that were like, ah, just this once, you know, sort of at least great, I don't know if a great restaurant, but great New York City Landmark has now been turned into a tchotchke shop. Yeah. Where some of the complaints. So finally in 2012, the city said, alright, Philly, step in, we love you down there. New York City light. What If you got for us. And Jim Kola and David Salama from Philly got the bid to reopen the tavern by investing $10 million Yeah.

0 (39m 38s):
To sort of get rid of LAI's flashy thing and say let's make, let's take it back to the old school 19th Century Tavern look.

4 (39m 46s):
Yeah. And they really did the actual like Bar tavern area. They did a great job with, apparently they brought in architects who were good with discovering the actual historic part of any structure. And they did that. They stripped it down to its cathedral beams. The original ones Yeah. In the ceiling. So I'll bet that looked pretty cool. It does. The bar was like studded with like brass nail heads, is that correct?

0 (40m 14s):
Yep. I saw brass nail heads.

4 (40m 15s):
It's just like in the original stone fireplace, the original copper gutters. Like, they were all like, just like they were just brought to the fore. And so the tavern vibe of the tavern itself, from what I read, they just nailed it. It was the crystal Room revamp that I I I saw the most criticized. Oh really? I don't remember who said it, it might've been Pete Wells who said that it resembles an all day casual dining option at a family friendly resort in Florida.

0 (40m 48s):
Disagree.

4 (40m 49s):
Okay. Well you're disagreeing with Pete Wells. Not me. I'm just reading a quote here. No, no, I know I found pithy.

0 (40m 54s):
No, I know it, it is, it's, that is pithy. 'cause 'cause that room, it is a, it is a glass room with that, that looks out onto the, the courtyard with those lights. It's a, it's a wonderful room to dine in.

4 (41m 8s):
Gotcha. I, maybe it was because the serving staff has to wear Bermuda shorts and golf shirts tucked in.

0 (41m 14s):
Yeah. The Flamingo kid.

4 (41m 15s):
Yeah.

0 (41m 16s):
That bar area is gorgeous though. Yeah, I bet the, the two guys from Philly, Kala and Sama were some say cronies. The, the city sweetened the deal a bit. They, Bloomberg put a lot of pressure on the trade unions to give them a two year break from having to sign a labor contract and to defer that licensing fee for five years, which is a lot of money. And. it turns out that Kala's sister was married to And, I think still is to a guy named Kevin Shee, who was Bloomberg's former deputy mayor and an executive at Bloomberg Software Company. But he was like, that's, that's all just coincidence.

4 (41m 58s):
Right? Yeah. I mean that's a couple of coincidences layered on top of each other, you

0 (42m 2s):
Know? Yeah. That's New York for you.

4 (42m 4s):
So one of the big, the one of the big parts about the reopening in 2014, which New York was excited about, I mean this was an icon that had been shut down and no one was sure when or if it was gonna come back. One of the things they did was they went through and took all of those amazing decorations that Warner Laroi had installed and they auctioned 'em off. Like you could get silverware dinnerware. Oh cool. You could get some of the original copper weather veins they auctioned off. For some reason those chandeliers from the Indian Maharaja, you could buy those too. It sounded like it was a heck of a, an auction. And they actually held it in the crystal room.

0 (42m 46s):
Wow.

4 (42m 47s):
Yeah. I would've liked to have known about that. Yeah.

0 (42m 49s):
I, I'd buy a fork

4 (42m 51s):
For sure. For sure. So they opened in 2014 and immediately every single outlet in New York panned the food. Right. Like just panned it. Yeah.

0 (43m 5s):
Here they go again. Some, some quotes. Comatose potato salad, roasted quail. That's as dry as a weak old English muffin. Yes. They're all just so

4 (43m 15s):
Pithy. Yeah. New York magazine said that the, the salad is the kind that you would get at a third rate country club. Which tavern on the green pretty much is

0 (43m 25s):
That's what man,

4 (43m 26s):
Man, I know. That's pretty bad. Not even just a country club, a third rate country club. I mean, they're just being mean. I haven't seen any recent reviews. I know that the executive chef who was running the place when it opened Katie Sparks, she left after I think like six months or something like that. And from the restaurant reviews I read, they were saying like, it's kind of understandable. Like they're, they're creating these really extravagant dishes, at least on paper for seedings of like 700 people. And it's really hard to get, well-made hot food out to tables when you're serving 700 people at a seating. So they were at least a little bit understanding.

4 (44m 6s):
But I haven't read a recent review of of of Tavern on the Green and its food. Yeah. So we're gonna have to rely on you I guess is what I'm saying. Yeah, well

0 (44m 16s):
Here's my review. It, it was fine. It wasn't like the food was, it wasn't like the food was bad. It was like, oh this is gross. But it's, you know, it's just, I mean I'm looking at the menu here. We can read through some of these things. Appetizers. There's a crab cake, there's a calamari salad, there's a country salad, honey roasted figs. That sounds pretty good.

4 (44m 37s):
Sure. Steak of Dorsett sheep.

0 (44m 41s):
Oh man. Burrata with hearth roasted grape tomatoes. It's all pretty standard stuff. Yeah. And then If, you move on to the mains, you've got some diver sea scallops, Scottish salmon for 38 bucks. Grilled whole fish for 46 bucks. Rack of lamb, you know, fairly pedestrian. I think I, if I'm not mistaken, I had the lemon thyme chicken under a brick.

4 (45m 8s):
Did you get to keep the brick?

0 (45m 9s):
Didn't get to keep the brick. It was a real tavern on the green brick from the old sheep's fold. Yeah. Or sheep's hold that came with blistered green beans, mashed potatoes and a Jew for 35 bucks. And. it was like, it was pretty good chicken.

4 (45m 25s):
Okay.

0 (45m 26s):
But you know, truffle fries, shrimp cocktail, it's, the menu is not, not third rate country club. Right. But I didn't go in there expecting like New York's finest meal. I went there for the experience. We were in Central Park And that, you know, you can walk right over there. I'd always wanted to go. It was a bucket list thing. And now I can say I've been And I. I would very much recommend to have that experience if it's something that like piques your interest. If it's like, oh, I've always wanted to try tab on the green. Like go try it. For sure.

4 (45m 59s):
Yeah. I think that's how New York magazine concluded their review. They're like, it's a once in a lifetime thing if that Yeah.

0 (46m 5s):
Go, go, go once.

4 (46m 6s):
Yeah. That's pretty much what they said and they, they even said if that, so yeah, hopefully it's gotten a little better. It sounds like it's gotten better. Was the food warm?

0 (46m 15s):
The food was warm. Good. The service was good.

4 (46m 18s):
Okay. Those are two things that definitely got called out in those 2014 reviews.

0 (46m 22s):
Yeah. My martini was good. Nice. Was it

4 (46m 25s):
85 cents?

0 (46m 27s):
It's definitely touristy. Like I didn't expect the ghost of John Lennon and Warren Beatty to come wandering in. So it feels a, a little touristy. but it was, it was good. It was fine. I recommend if you've never been to New York and you think and you're into the touristy thing, go for sure. If, you go to New York a ton and you've never been like, give it a shot for your, for one of your meals. You can always go eat somewhere better the next night. Okay.

4 (46m 52s):
Okay. But

0 (46m 53s):
It's cool. It's worth going to. It's kinda like a Russian tea room. I've never been there but, right. I wanna try it. Just, haven't you been there?

4 (46m 59s):
No, I've never been. I think that was also a Warner La Roy joint.

0 (47m 3s):
Okay. I thought you had been there for some reason. But like, I wanna try that out just to sort of say that I've been there and know what that experience is like.

4 (47m 9s):
Same here. I've got some dining to do.

0 (47m 11s):
Yeah.

4 (47m 12s):
Okay. Well you got anything else about Tavern on the Green?

0 (47m 15s):
I do not. Well

4 (47m 16s):
Thanks for sharing Chuck. That was very nice. Sure. And since Chuck said Sure. As everyone knows that, just unlock listener mail,

Franco Editore (47m 27s):
You know, in lieu of listener mail. We're gonna do another shout out to our friends at coed because they have a very special thing going. You've heard us talk about coed before. There are friends that run the nonprofit down in Guatemala to help break the cycle of poverty through education. And they do really, really great stuff. And they're doing a a special Stuff You Should know sort of co-branded Co-hosted Stuff You Should Know X Co-ed. Yeah. So let's talk about our call to action, huh? Yeah. So they have a program going called the Cooperative, which you can join. You just, you donate $20 a month and they pull it all together to sponsor students in their Rise Youth Development program. And what they're shooting for in 2025 is sponsoring 1100 students plus. And what these kids will do will start school in rural Guatemala and this will be their biggest class ever. So they're really hoping that Stuff You, Should Know listeners will come through and add to the, already donated $1.3 million in contributions to co-ed just from Stuff, You Should Know listeners alone. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And here's the incentive too. If, you set up your gift by giving Tuesday, which is December 3rd. You can get a chance to have a virtual hangout with us on Zoom. We do that every year. It's a lot of fun. We hang out with a handful of folks on Zoom and you know, we can attest to co-ed. They're a great organization. We know them personally. We went to Guatemala Yeah. And saw the workforce firsthand and they're, they are walking the walk down there For sure. Yeah. And If, you wanna know more about the whole program? We did a two-parter on co-ed and where we went to Guatemala. And you can hear Jerry give a heartfelt speech in it. That's Right. The real Jerry. So yeah, go forth and go to Cooperative four education.org/y SK and donate 20 bucks a month. And we appreciate it. Coed appreciates it. And the kids in Guatemala appreciate it too.

4 (49m 28s):
Great. And If, you wanna send us an email, you can send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.

3 (49m 38s):
Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.

Amazon Music (49m 54s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class. Do you like podcasts, music, and audiobooks? Because when you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, you get all three in one app. Imagine listening to your favorite podcast and music on the go to work, school, the gym, or better yet, vacation. Now Imagine being on vacation with your favorite audiobook from Audible, then listening to a new one every month from a huge selection of popular titles. That sounds like a pretty good vacation. Right? Audible is now included on Amazon Music Unlimited. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.