
Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus, there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One Quicksilver card, what's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, what if I told you that you could switch your business software to an interconnected suite of programs that's more efficient and simpler than what you're using and would cost a fraction of what you're spending? You might think, oh, wow. But you should think, oh, do, oh do. Is that suite of software I'm talking about with all the business software you need from CRM to sales to HR on one platform. Discover how Odoo can take your business to the next level by visiting Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Welcome To Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the podcast, the early nineties Black Helicopter Edition. Yeah. This is Ruby Ridge. The incident, the standoff, the Siege. What do, what do you call this? The beginning of the, the far right militia movement being reborn in the United States for sure. It was huge. Huge. Yeah. It was a huge example of government overreach.


It was this researching. This was really hard, man, this is a hard one for me. It was just, it's just such an awful story all around. It's just terrible. Yeah. So this is, this occurred when I was, I guess, like a third year in college or so. Yeah. And that was, you know, I was, I've, I've talked on this show before about like us not having TV or cable and stuff, and so I wasn't as newsy then as I am now. Right, right. But this was a big deal And I remember this. And then Waco literally right after happening, which we should do a, a Waco episode at some point too. Yeah. Unfortunately we should.


I just remember at the time being like, wow, okay. I don't think I really agree with the, the, these people that are having this standoff. But at the same time, it looks from, as an outsider, like the government is just going in guns blazing and kind of murdering people. And it turns out both are kind of true For me. Yeah, for sure. I mean, you don't have to sympathize with the weavers or any of their supporters to still be like, this is just messed up. Like Yeah, that's what I was saying. The whole situation's messed up. I don't agree with basically any of their views, but yeah, it's just, I say we get into it and everybody can make up their own minds. 'cause it's definitely one of those stories, you know?


Yeah. So just in, in the broadest two sentence overview, Ruby Ridge was a standoff in the Ruby Ridge area of Idaho in, when did it finally go down? 92. Yes. Yeah, 1992. That was many, many, many months long in the making in which the US government had a standoff with a, a family of children, a couple of adults, and the rest were basically kids. Oh, yeah. And it ended in lost lives on both sides when there's absolutely no reason why it should have. And this is that story of the Weaver family.


Yeah. I guess you can start back at the very beginning when the Weaver family itself began, Vicki, who would become Vicki Weaver? She was born, Vicki Json and her husband, Randall Weaver got married in 1971. They lived in Iowa, I think Cedar Falls, right? Yeah. And she was a secretary for Seas and Roebuck. He had just been discharged as a Green Beret honorably from the Army, and had gotten a job working at the Tractor factory for John Deere, which you can do a lot worse than that. So they were like a very normal working class couple just starting out in life. Yeah. So this was like you said, 1971, they had a daughter named Sarah in 76, and then two more kids, a boy named Sammy, and then a daughter named Rachel all over the next six years.


And those were, you know, there was a kid that would come later that we'll get to, but around the latest seventies, kind of after the, the latest Arab Israeli conflict came around, Vicki started basically kind of thought that was a sign of the end times. Yeah. The biblical, biblical end times. She kept having these recurring dreams of these omens about a house on a hill where they Could be safe and hide. And she thought the end times were coming and she started sharing this stuff with Randy. Yeah. And apparently it, it really jived with him because he got on board as well. I hadn't seen what exactly was the impetus that triggered all that.


So thanks for clearing that up. But long story short, they ended up becoming religious extremists together and also like apocalyptic religious extremists, not just garden variety religious extremists. Yeah. Enough so that they moved, and not only did they move, they gave an interview to the local paper in, in Iowa saying that they were moving. And in fact they wanted to go find a place, build a place where they could have a 300 yard defensible kill zone. Yeah. And I was not, But No, but I mean, your local paper is probably like, this is hot, hot news. Yeah, for sure. Hot off the presses. Local couple moving to set up defensible shelter, not here.


Right. They moved in 83. I saw 15 acres. I saw 20 acres, regardless, somewhere in that neighborhood of land with a freshwater spring. Yeah, that's a big one. This time they were in Idaho, near Naples, in the Ruby Ridge area. And this area had become a just sort of a place where If you, If you didn't trust the government, If you didn't like paying taxes, If you maybe were a member of a Christian identity group or a white supremacist group, you may end up in this sort of rural era area of Idaho at the time. Yeah, for sure. This was like a, this, it's just, I think it's still very much that way too. Actually, I don't know what kicked it off, but I think it started in the seventies in earnest.


So by the time they moved there, it was, it was in full swing. That's just kind of where you went. And they actually built their own home from what I saw. And pictures of it are like, wow, they did a really good job. It's like a two story, nice looking cabin. They build a bunch of outbuildings. They basically built themselves a, a compound, and they did it largely using scraps and plywood and stuff like that. And they started living the survivalist life, like living off the land, planting vegetables. They homeschooled the kids, of course, in the world, which Was illegal by the way. I didn't know that In Idaho or in the us In Idaho at the time at least it was not legal to homeschool. So, wow. Not saying that that was part of their, you know, illegalities, but I guess technically it was.


But I think it, it does kind of like get a point across. It's a little subtle. Like they, they couldn't have cared less if the state Sure. Or the federal government told them that they couldn't homeschool their kids. That would just be one more reason that they hated Yeah. The government. And in fact, one of the big movements in this area was essentially like local sovereignty, where the, the highest authority in the entire country for a specific area was the local sheriff. Yeah. Anything beyond that was fraudulent. Right. So, so yeah, they wouldn't have listened to the state government saying they couldn't homeschool their kids at all. Yeah, for sure. Didn't have power.


No, technically no. Like official running water. I think they were able to get water to the house via that spring. But, you know, they were living the rural lifestyle. They took in a, a young teenage boy who had what sounds like a really pretty awful home life. His name was Kevin Harris. And he kinda came and went for a little while and then eventually basically was kind of adopted by the family. And he ended up staying there pretty much full time at a certain point. Yes. So he wasn't like, they didn't adopt him because he was like, oh, I thought I, I'm pretty sure it's the end times too. Right. He, he was just like a, a kid that they helped out, which is pretty great. So he was, you know, he would come and go. He was just kinda living his life and he could, he just knew he had a place to stay and, and a place where he could eat when things got bad at home with the weavers, which I think says a lot about them.


Yeah, for sure. And while they did kind of chum up to some of the Aryan Nation groups around there, they were never like official members. They would go to a meeting sometimes. They were very much aligned with the Christian identity movement, which is, I mean, we, we can't get into the weeds too much here, but one of the main tenants is that Jews are literally the spawn of Satan. That, that eve and the serpent bore, you know, Jews as, as babies And that non-white people are mud people from a different creation. They are, I mean, how deep do you want to go here?


Well, also that If you are of Celtic or Germanic Germanic descent, you are the chosen people. Right. You are the, you're the people who everyone else needs to cater to, basically. And that also they're the, the Lost tribe of Israel, which legitimizes them all the way back to pre-Christian days. Right. Okay. That's Steve ache. Yeah. Yeah. So Randy Weaver came on the federal's radar as far back as 1985 because the Secret Service showed up one time at the compound and said, Hey, one of your neighbors told us that you've been threatening to shoot Ronald Reagan and somebody tried that before. So we take it pretty seriously.


Are you going to shoot Ronald Reagan? Yes. No, maybe. Right. Which bubble did he fill Out? He said no, he adamantly said no. He said, this neighbor that told you that is basically trying to pre-internet swap me because they want, we have, we're having a property dispute and they're just trying to bring the heat down on me. And I guess his ex explanation was persuasive because that's as far as it went, as far as I could tell. Yeah. That's as far as it went. It could have been a, I mean, it could have been that innocent because they, you know, some of their neighbors, they were friendly with, some they didn't like very much. Some of their neighbors complained that kids were wearing Nazi armbands, that Randy had fired shots at that houses before.


It was, you know, it was pretty rough and tumble out there in 1988. Randy ran for sheriff, like you're saying, sort of the, the highest calling that you could have. Right. In that crowd. And he was, it was basically a, a platform of like, I'm, I'm anti-government. In fact, I carry around these, get outta jail free cards. And If you don't, If you're not a nonviolent criminal, then then you're gonna get a second chance with me and I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna be a, a government sheriff basically. Right. It's the Posse cotati movement, which is kind of basically what I was talking about, that based on this act from 1878, federal troops have to stay outta law enforcement. So yeah, those black helicopters and UN soldiers and all the stuff that everybody's worried about were just totally illegal.


And I guess by that token, the FBI would be totally illegal. Or the A TF or the DEA, like there just isn't supposed to be such a thing as federal law enforcement. Right. That was the platform he ran under the party. Yeah. I think that's pretty good. Break time, what do you think? Yeah. Alright, we'll take a little early Blake. Early Blake, we'll take an early break with Blake. Blakes a set up like yes, I've been waiting for this for 16 years And we'll be back after this.


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card, what's in your wallet terms, Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service, you need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important. At T recently completed an at t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle, buy, feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story, at and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well at and t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting changes everything. At and t


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit to Apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's Right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access and you walk away whistling and happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save, save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Squarespace.


Alright. So this is a time in the mid eighties, sort of late eighties when militia groups were starting to sort of be a thing, be in the news a little bit more. And so of course the FBI is gonna start to begin undercover ops to infiltrate these groups and see what the heck is going on. And that is exactly what happened at an Aryan Nation meeting when Randy met an undercover agent. His name was Kenneth Ley and he was going by the name Gus, Gus Magno. Great undercover name I guess. Yeah. But not exactly Germanic or Celtic in in origin. You know, He was worked for the US Bureau of Alcohol, tobacco and Firearms, the A TF.


And over the course, like this whole operation was years and years long because it took like three years for him to get a few different meetings with Randy, in which, which culminated in, If you ask the FBI, Randy saying, Hey, I wanna sell you some illegal sought off shotguns. If you ask Randy, he'll say, no, man, I was entrapped. I didn't wanna sell the guns. The guy asked to buy guns several times with me saying, no, I don't want to do that until I eventually relented and sold him these illegal firearms. Right. So however it happened, the Feds now had Randy Weaver in their grips.


Yes. So they thought this is a very routine thing that federal law enforcement does. And I think local as well. Like they, they will bust you on some charge that's fairly small. Yeah. But still enough that you could get prison time, they're gonna take you away from your family, it's gonna be bad news for you, but they'll totally forget about the whole thing If you start informing for them. Yeah. He was a small fish. Right. He Sure. Right. And then they used that, that fish's bait to get bigger and bigger, bigger fish. Right. So he was just going to have to do what he normally does. But every once in a while he'd meet secretly with some a TF handler and tell them everything he knew and who was who and who was leading the stuff. And Randy Weaver thought about it and he said, you know what, you can go straight to hell.


Yeah. I am not going to be an informant and you can press the charges If you want to. And the A TF did not like this at all from what I saw. They essentially took that almost personally. Yeah. And at the very least they came at him like they took it personally. Yeah, for sure. Vicki was pretty upset as well. Apparently she wrote a warning letter, and this is in quotes to Aryan Nations and all our brethren of the Anglo-Saxon race. She filed an affidavit which you knew trouble was coming. She filed an affidavit with a county clerk saying we're, we might have to defend ourselves from, you know, with firearms because the federal government is gonna come after us and we wanna file this affidavit right now.


I it, that wouldn't even cross my mind. That's pretty forward thinking, you know? Yeah, sure. So that was actually very prescient too, Vicki writing that because they end, they would end up having to defend themselves by attacks from the, the federal government that will come a little bit later. First in January of 1991, the A TFI guess they didn't arrest them on the spot when they came and said that, you know, they wanted them to be an informant. So a few months later they decided to take Randy Weaver into custody. But to do that, you remember he had a 300 yard kill zone. Yeah. He's got a cabin up on a mountain.


You don't just walk up and and tell somebody like that, come on, you're coming with us to jail. So they actually, the a TF posed as, and by the way a TF is the Bureau of Alcohol, tobacco and Firearms, another ostensibly illegal agency. They posed this like their car had been broken down, I guess on Ruby Creek Road, which is the main road that led up to the cabin. And they basically played on the weaver's propensity to help strangers, I guess. Yeah. So they arrest him. They, he pleads not guilty. He's released on bond a $10,000 bond on his own recognizance, which is a little surprising.


Vicki, his wife again, writes a letter to the US attorney for the state of Idaho that she addressed as the servant of the Queen of Babylon and saying that we refuse to bow to your evil commandments whether we live or whether we die. So she, you know, she sent a clear message that like, we're not fooling around here and I know we were on your radar, but you might as well really put us on your radar because we're we're not coming with you and you can't make us, Or take us off your radar. Don't even mess with us. You know? Yeah. Ideally. So Randy had a trial set. He remember he is been out, he's out on bail, but he still has to go to court to face these firearms charges.


And again, he sold firearms to an undercover federal agents of, it was a federal law that he broke. So these are federal charges and they, they can be pretty serious. But it was still, again, like you said, it was pretty small potatoes as far as firearms charges go, or just charges that you could face in general at the time. Right. Yeah. But it was enough that, you know, they had a trial set for him and it was set for February 19th, 1991. And for some reason or another it was moved by one day to February 20th, 1991. Well, when the government does that, or the court system does that, they have to alert you. So they sent Randy a letter saying, Hey, we've moved your trial date to March 20th.


And of course it wasn't March 20th, it was February 20th. And there was essentially a typo that the au the author of the letter a probation officer had written. And so of course Randy Weaver didn't show up on February 20th and a bench warrant was issued for his arrest for failure to appear. Yeah. So this is, has been sort of debated here and there about the, the mistake and the error that he didn't even have the right court date to begin with, but all indications point to the idea that he was not gonna come anyway. So I'm not saying it like didn't matter at all, but they said, Hey, we're not coming. I don't think he planned on coming even if he had the right date. But the long and short of it is he didn't go.


And so they, you know, they were really on their radar. Now they're like, we've got a real situation here. And this is when this long, like really long surveillance program started in the summer of 1991 when they, they kind of staked out around the property and around the house with, you know, binoculars and things and, and surveillance cameras that they'd set up in the woods. And they were just tracking what this family was doing. They, they had a couple of plans to go in nonviolently. One of them was to cut the water supply, I guess from the spring to the house to flush them out because at certain point they weren't even like leaving the house. You know, they were having food brought in and stuff 'cause they knew what was going on.


Right. Another plan they had was they were believers in the menstrual cycle, meaning you were unclean and filthy. So when you had your menstrual cycle in that family, you had to go stay in the birthing shed on the property, one of the outbuildings during the duration of your menstruation. So they were like, all right, when Sarah, the oldest teenager has her next menstrual cycle, she's gonna be sent to the shed. And when the kids bring in food and stuff out there, we'll grab them And that they'll immediately give up. 'cause we have the kids. But then I guess someone said, well, wait a minute, that's kidnapping. Yeah. You can't do that. We don't have a warrant for any of the children, so that's, we can't go with that plan. Yeah.


So they went with the worst plan. They did go with the worst plan, but they, it was in very, very, it was a terrible plan in really slow motion that played out over a really long time throughout which so many people had so many chances to be like, guys, wait a minute, what are we doing? This is like a fairly small federal firearms charge. The guy sold two saw off shotgun and then didn't appear in court. Like, we're spending millions of dollars on this, bringing huge resources to bear. And, And it doesn't really make sense until you find that the A TF, which was originally the people with this case, they brought in the federal marshals. The marshals eventually brought in the FBI and the A TF told everybody else that number one Randy Weaver was among the, the biggest firearm suppliers in the United States.


Yeah. Not true at all. With, with no evidence whatsoever. The only thing that they had him on record doing was selling two saw off shotguns. And the other thing that he, they told the a TF told everybody was that he was responsible for a string of bank robberies in Montana. There's no evidence whatsoever that he ever robbed a bank or had anything to do with these bank robberies. Yeah. And yet those two pieces of information transform this from, there's some weirdo family up in the mountains with guns who, and the dad has a couple of, he sold a couple of sold off shotguns and then come to court to, we need to literally bring the FBI, the secret service, the Marshall service everybody to camp out for almost a year observing this house to figure out how to get that guy out of there.


Yeah. It was an extreme reaction. I don't think there are a lot of people that would disagree with that. No. So they're watching this house. The house, like we mentioned, is very defensible. This is the house on the hill where they were to be safe from the dreams. When they did go out, they would send, usually they would send the kids out ahead, supposedly with guns to kind of investigate and see what was going on. They had neighbors recording license plates of people who came and went. They didn't, the weavers didn't have a telephone, but they tapped phones at the general store. Helicopters were taking aerial photographs. They claim that the feds claim that in March 92, they actually visited and said on the loudspeaker and via some sort of phone call that, Hey, you gotta surrender.


Although Randy would contend that no, until it all went down. No one said anything to me about surrendering. It's a big deal because that's, that's the first step in a situation like that is telling the person, just go ahead and surrender. We're we just want to take you to jail, basically. And that them not doing that is huge. That's a big deal. Again, they were watching this place for basically a year and had plenty of opportunity to, to do that of somebody I did not see coming into the story is Geraldo Rivera. Right. And yet he, he has, he was everywhere. He has a minor role in it. In 1992, he hired April of 92.


He hired a helicopter to fly over the cabin. 'cause by this time the word was out that there was this family in Idaho that was essentially in this long standoff with the, the feds. And he said, or the helicopter pilot said, or somebody said that they shot at the helicopter when it flew over their compound. But apparently that was untrue. And I think even the surveillance team that was watching the place at the time said they didn't shoot at the helicopter. But you know Gerald though, he's like, it's gonna be, we won't get any ratings if they don't shoot at the helicopter. So just say the shot at the helicopter. So that is, that was surprising. The most surprising thing to me was an appearance by another human.


Because somewhere in this, in this, you know, standoff while they were being surveilled, I guess Vicki and Randy got a little Randy and had another baby. It, it's, in my opinion, it wouldn't lead me to feel amorous and, and the baby making way. But I guess things happened, they had a daughter in late 1991, Elba or eba, I'm not sure they pronounced it. I'm going with El Sheba. El Sheba. Okay. Right there in that birthing shed is where they had El Sheba and, you know, so, so that happened. Just know that there's a a now a a month old baby on the scene as well.


Yeah. For some reason that just made me really uncomfortable the way you put that That happened. Yeah. So that happened. I think, let's go with El Sheba. I think you're right the first time. That makes way more sense. No, I think that's what you said. No, I said Elba. Oh, Elba. Oh no, I said Elba. I don't know. It's one of those, Hey, how about this? We're both right. Okay, so this is, that was 1991. So Yeah, late 91 is when she's born In the birthing shed on the property, right? That's right. Or the, you know, minstrel shame shed, Right. One, it depends on the situation, I would guess. Right. So everything is about to go down Chuck, and it's going to go down really hard and really publicly.


And the whole thing starts in earnest. The standoff that everybody talks about when they mention Ruby Ridge is, it started on August 21st, 1992. It was a Friday. And that morning, a few, I think they were federal marshals Right. Showed up on the scene and they were gonna just do some more standard surveillance. And some stated a, an OB observation post. And some others drove up toward the road on the way to the cabin. And they showed up at like four 30. This is not new or weird or different, but on this 4:30 AM 4:30 AM you're right. Sorry. Yeah. A few hours later they were getting closer and closer to the compound and apparently they attracted the attention of the dogs, the weaver's dogs.


And the, the, the compound was in a state where if the dogs are suddenly going nuts, you get your gun and go see what the dogs are barking at. And that's exactly what they did. Yeah. So, you know, I know I mentioned that these were kids, but I just wanna drive home the point that you had Vicki and Randy, the parents that were there, you had a 10-year-old girl, a 14-year-old boy, a 16-year-old girl. And the Kevin Harris kid that was living, who was in his mid twenties by now, and then this 10 month old baby. So teenagers and a baby, one guy in his twenties. And then the two parents, Sammy the teenage boy, Randy is the dad. And then Kevin is the mid twenties guy that was living with him.


They go out with their dog striker, a yellow lab, looking to see what's going on on, they come to a y fork in the road as the story goes. Randy took it one way, Kevin and Sammy and Stryker went the other way. And this is where another record of dispute comes in because the US government says they were fired upon when they announced their presence as federal agents. What Kevin says is, no, no, no. They didn't announce their presence as federal agents at all. All we saw was guys in camo and they're like, eyeballs peering through the bushes and my dog barking and one of the guys shot it and killed it. Yeah. There's no dispute that the dog striker was shot and killed.


Wh when it happened is that dispute and who started shooting first. So let's say according to Kevin's account, they, they come up on these guys who didn't, like you said, did not identify themselves as federal agents. They're wearing camo, they're holding guns, and they shoot the dog. Sammy, the teenage son, says, you shot my dog, you son him a bitch. And like lifts his gun And I guess starts shooting. So a shootout ensues. Sammy is shot. He turns to run according to Kevin's account. He turns to run, is shot in the back and killed. Now Kevin is, gets away. Randy gets away. But a Deputy Marshall named Bill Degan is killed too.


So Stryker, the dog, deputy Marshall, bill Degan, and Sammy, the son, the teenage son, are all dead from this sudden surprise gun battle that took place outside of the compound. Yeah. And Kevin is the one to be clear, who shot and killed deputy. The Deputy Marshall. Okay. That's, that's a hundred percent verified. Yeah. Okay. Because Randy was not a part of that shootout. I gotcha. So yeah, I know that he took a different road. So he wasn't there when it happened. I don't think so. Okay. I mean, everything I saw was that the shootout was between the teenage boy and the 20 something year old. And that, you know, he, he shot Deputy Bill Degan in the chest and killed him. Gotcha.


So either way, there's a firefight going on, a shootout going on, and Randy and Kevin retreat back to the compound. But they, they leave Sammy's body there temporarily. And they're just completely fixated according to Kevin throughout that time on retrieving his body. This is a pretty tight family. So you don't wanna leave the dead body of your 14-year-old son just laying in the road. You want to go get him. And this actually runs afoul of what the marshals were saying. The two of them, they said that two of them were pinned down by sniper fire for 12 hours. And Kevin and the rest of the weavers are like, that's not true at all.


We were scared out of our minds and, and totally grieving already from, from Sammy's death. We weren't spending 12 hours pinning down the, the marshals with sniper fire. Yeah. They said they claimed at least that the only gunfire that came from them at, at that point was Randy firing his gun into the air. 'cause he was so upset about losing his teenage son. Right. Alright. So now we're at Saturday, August 22nd. A hostage rescue team is dispatched by the FBI and this is when things get really hinky because the, the rules of engagement in the United States in a situation like this are well known and generally ascribed to when things are on the up and up, which is you do not engage unless you are under direct threat from a, a violence or like somebody firing at you, basically.


Right. They amended this rules of engagement And it was approved by the bureau's assistant director for criminal investigation division, Larry Pots that basically said any armed adult man that you see, you can shoot and kill as long as you're not endangering a child. Yeah. Unprovoked just seeing him walking through the compound and he's holding the gun at his side, you can kill him. Yeah. That is completely outside of the boundaries of the norm, like you were saying. Yes. So this is, that's a huge escalation, Chuck. Right. That's, I mean, they were already like, like you said, overreacting. You could say, now this is, I mean, this is just out of control escalating.


And of course when you have something like that and you have a bunch of snipers and you have a bunch of law enforcement people staking out a compound, the chances of somebody being killed just have increased dramatically. And that's actually what happens. I say we take a break and we come back and talk about a huge turning point in the standoff. How about that? Let's do it.


Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One card, what's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey friends, are you looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter? Well, with good rx, you can save an average of $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. Yeah. GoodRx is free and easy to use. You just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app, get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Just check GoodRx to save up to 80% of pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Yeah. And the best part, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even If you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. That's right. So for savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx, just go to good rx.com/stuff. That's good. rx.com/stuff.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with a variety of delivery and pickup services. Holiday hosting can be a hustle, but they've got your back. Try ikea's, click and collect service. An easy way to grab your holiday favorites. Simply use, click and collect while shopping online and select the best date and time that works for you to pick up at the store. Need last minute inspiration or hosting needs? No problem. Let them do the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options. Taking the hassle out of your shopping holidays are about family and the IKEA family members. Enjoy free shipping on small orders over $50, got unexpected guests. IKEA has everything you need to ensure everyone feels right at home. Scoring your holiday favorites has never been easier. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea, including click and collect small order shipping and more. Discover hassle-free solutions to owning this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now.


So Chuck, by this time, this is Saturday, August 22nd, blood's been shed from the shootout and now the Hostage rescue team and their snipers from the FBI have the authority to, to shoot, to kill unprovoked the people in the compound as long as it's a adult male holding a gun. And there was a guy, one of those snipers, an FBI sniper named Len Horci. He was about 200 yards away from the compound. And he'd been briefed on this revised, altered rules of engagement that the FBI had authorized. And he saw Randy, Sarah, and Kevin all leaving the, the cabin, the main building.


And they started to make their way toward the birthing shed. They later said that they were heading to the birthing shed to start preparing Sammy's body for burial. They'd retrieved it by this time and Horci following these altered rules of engagement took a shot. And he shot Kevin? No, he shot Randy in the arm. So of course from that point on, they, they immediately scattered because all of a sudden somebody's shooting at them. Yeah. So they are headed back to the cabin. They get to the door. Vicki, the mom is holding her 10 month old daughter in her arms and kind of holding the door open, getting people in.


And this is when Lon Ucci takes a second shot. He said he was going for Harris, but it went squarely through the head of Vicki, threw her head and hitting Kevin then in the chest. And she apparently was still holding her infant daughter when she hit the floor dead immediately. Yeah. So that was, like I said, an enormous turning point. Now the son has just been killed by the feds. Now the mom has just been killed by the feds. But at this time, the, the FBI doesn't realize that they've killed her.


I don't know if Len Ucci like went home and didn't tell anybody what had happened. I, I'm not sure, I don't know how you could shoot someone in the head and not realize that you'd done that. But apparently it was not immediately understood by the FBI running this negotiation that, that Vicki Weaver was dead. And also by this time, we should say there is a ton, ton of cops, a lot of estimates put it in the hundreds. Yeah. Federal, county, state, local law enforcement all showing up to, to basically help out or contain or do whatever. And one of the things they did almost immediately was block the roads. And those roadblocks became a site of protest for people who showed up and were like, this is messed up man.


These, these, this family needs to be let free. Yeah. And these are, you know, these are people from the Aryan Nation groups and some other militia groups that it's basically they're saying, Hey, this is going down exactly how we say this kind of stuff goes down. Right. So that, that's going on. They blocked off the roads, like you said, mom's dead body now is under the kitchen table where it remains. Kevin is in pretty bad shape 'cause he was shot in the chest. So he's in and out of consciousness. They're not quite sure. You know, what, what's gonna happen to him at this point. And we should also mention that Lon HoChi is a sniper that also had a lot of controversial, was also controversial in the Waco siege, like very soon after this.


Yeah. So thi this same guy was at both of these sieges and both times was a part of a, a pretty controversial shooting incident. I, okay, well I didn't know that about Waco. I I had heard that he had not fired a shot at Waco, but I guess that's not correct. Well, I didn't, I looked into it a little bit, but then I started going down the rabbit hole and thought we should just cover Waco. Okay. But I think he was one of the guys that was charged with firing like the, the incendiary rounds into the building. Oh, wow. But I might be wrong in that, but we'll save It for the Waco up. Yeah. And let's put it this way, like you can't find anything about Lon Ucci now.


Like yeah, we know he's still alive, but I'm, I'm sure he's not available for, you know, interviews, If you know what I mean. For sure. Yeah. So like I said, they, the feds apparently didn't know that Sammy was dead and they also didn't know that Vicki Weaver was dead. They started destroying buildings around the cabin. So now they're closing in this perimeter. It's not just any longer, like in this 300 yard kill zone, they're starting to move in and they're destroying buildings as they go. And I guess when they destroyed the birthing shed, they discovered Sammy's body and were like, oh, one of the family members is dead. And he happened to be a teenager. Yeah. Again, they still didn't know that Vicki was dead.


And I guess because she had been the ones writing the emphatic letters to the servant of the Queen of Babylon, et cetera, and filing the affidavits, the hostage rescue team presumed that she was the one who made the decisions in the family. So they continued to address her even after she had been killed by the FBI sniper. And so they would speak directly to Mrs. Weaver through the, their loudspeakers. And the family was just, they, they didn't realize that the FBI didn't realize that they had killed Vicki. So they thought that they were just adding like horrible torment onto the injury of losing their mom and wife.


Yeah. And you know, depending on who, who you Listen to, there are also people that say no, they knew that she was dead. And the things that they were saying were deliberate trying to provoke them and cause further upset by, you know, speaking to Mrs. Weaver who they, they knew well was dead. But damn again, it's just, it's one of those, you know, you're never gonna get the truth out of a matter like this because there, there are two sides, but they're trying to lure them out saying, Hey, we had pancakes for breakfast, why don't you bring the kids out? They bet they'd love some pancakes. They send down a robot remote control robot with a telephone. So they could, you know, this is one of the hugest ways they broke protocol is that in a situation like this, you've gotta be in contact and negotiate with someone in a standoff.


And they didn't do that until well into it when they tried to get 'em a phone on this remote control robot that had a gun mounted to the front of it, which wasn't a good idea because of course they saw that. They're like, I'm not going near that thing. Right. Why would you even do that to defend the robot? I mean, that doesn't make any sense. I tried to find out, but I couldn't find anything that, that was rational. So I don't know. That's crazy. So that didn't happen. They weren't able to establish contact aside from shouting at them through loudspeakers. Right. But it wasn't a back and forth or anything like that. And the weavers just dug in. They stayed in their cabin for days. Remember this started on Friday, August 21st, the following Friday, August 28th.


This thing was still going on. Mom was still dead under the table. And they agreed to speak with a guy named Bo Gritz. He was also a Green Beret, a lieutenant colonel. So essentially what's happening now is Colonel Troutman from Rambo is showing up to tell the authorities that Randy Weaver will eat stuff that will make a Billy goat puke. Like it's, it's uncanny how closely this resembled that part of, of Rambo. Right. And Bo Gritz was able to get in and make contact along with a, an ex-cop from Phoenix named Jack Mcla. Now both of them are, were huge, And I believe still are in the conspiracy theorist circles that Randy Weaver ran in.


So it's not like they were just some, they average people. Like they could, they could communicate with them and talk his language. And he, he knew enough about them. I don't know if he knew them personally or not, but he, their reputation was enough that he let them come inside to the, to the cabin and talk. Yeah. So they brought some food for the baby and milk for the baby, which is great. And kind of talked to, talked Randy and to ultimately coming out, but initially just kind of got him in a better state of mind. They are the ones when they came back out that told the feds, Hey, Vicki's dead, and they're under the table. Randy's wounded.


Kevin is wounded, like big time wounded. And they were like, what? That's news to us. So on Sunday the 30th, Kevin finally surrendered. Randy said it, it's okay, you need to go get medical help. He was helicoptered out to Spokane and I believe he was in serious condition, but he recovered. And then they also allowed grits and a friend named Jackie Brown, strangely enough to take his wife's body away. And the pets, they had a couple of pet parakeets that they took away as well. Right. So Kevin's out, it's now just Randy and his three daughters, Sarah, El Sheba and Rachel.


Yeah. And they were alone in this cabin, still under siege. And so there were a lot of supporters who were like, well, I mean, we know how this is gonna end. Randy's gonna come out with guns blazing and take out as many of these feds as he can before he gets taken down. And very reasonably and wisely, Randy did not do that. He made sure that he and his three daughters were able to come down safely, ostensibly under the care of a, an attorney named Jerry Spence. He represented the estate of Karen Silkwood, who also deserves an episode two. But essentially she was a whistleblower who was mysteriously, who mysteriously died in a mysterious car crash.


So he, he was pretty famous as far as defense attorneys. And he had said, I'll represent this guy if he'll come out. I don't know if he did, did he? I don't Know. Okay. Well, let's presume that he did and, and didn't go back on his word. But regardless, they, some people think that that public announcement by Jerry Spence may have had at least some role in getting Randy Weaver to come out Peaceably. Yeah. And he had to tuck his daughters into it. You know, they were, they were ready to go. They were both brandishing guns. So he said, you know, 14-year-old Sarah, put down your nine millimeter and 10-year-old Rachel, put down that 38, we're gonna get outta here alive.


And they did that Randy and Kevin were ultimately charged with murder, conspiracy assault. And the girls went to live with their in-laws, I believe Vicki's parents in Iowa. Right. And so of course they're, they're like you said, they're charged. So their trial begins in April of 1993. And I don't know if ironic is the term, but the, the trial started just before Waco ended. Yeah. And If you don't know how Waco ended, and you can't wait till our episode on Waco ended really badly, a lot of women and children died. It was just a bad jam. So this is happening as this trial for The Ruby Ridge Standoff is starting and the whole thing lasted for months.


I think finally in on July 9th. Not only were there months of testimony, the jury deliberated for 20 days. That is a really long time. Yeah. To deliberate. And when they came back, they acquitted Kevin Harris of all charges and you had said he definitely killed the, the Deputy Marshall. So he was acquitted of that and everything else. And Randy Weaver was acquitted on everything except for his failure to appear in the original firearms case. That was it. Yeah. So clearly this Idaho jury was like, yes, the, the Feds very much overstepped their bounds and overreacted and this was like, so much so that like we're, we don't think these people should be, should go to jail for anything they did in response.


Yeah. I mean it was sort of the facts of the case too. Like everything I saw, it didn't seem like it was just some uneven jury where they were just sympathetic to the locals. Right. Once the facts of the case came out, it was pretty clear they changed rules of engagement when they shouldn't have, they didn't follow protocol setting up, you know, communications. They went in guns blazing and just basically murdered people. They, in 94, the family filed wrongful death lawsuits against the FBI and the US marshals. They settled it. The JOD settled these suits. They paid about a million bucks to each of the girls. A hundred grand to Weaver Harris many years later in 2001, another settlement for $380,000.


And Lon Ucci, the sniper who, you know, where things really took a turn when he got involved, he, it kind of went back and forth in different appeals and different cases over the years of pursuing criminal charges against him. So involuntary manslaughter was the initial charge. I think they moved it to a federal district court who dismissed it saying that he was acting in his, you know, official capacity. So you can't convict a guy for that. And there were a bunch of appeals and ended up in him escaping any justice by having the charges dropped. So the Justice Department had their own inquiry and they found out that this whole thing was pretty much cluster from beginning to end.


The Senate held hearings in 1995 featuring Fred Thomp who would go on to play the DA in law and order for a couple of seasons. That's right. Back when he was a senator for Tennessee. And they also found that the whole thing was basically a cluster from beginning to end. And one person who did actually do time for this is actually a FBI agent, the guy who one of was one of the people running the operation Eel Caho. He, he was sentenced to 18 months in federal prison because he destroyed an after action report about the operation. He said he was acting in what he thought was the bureau's best interests And that he didn't want the local Idaho prosecutor getting a hold of the thing and using it, I would guess against Lon Ucci.


I don't know. But he was the only person to actually do time from this whole thing. Yeah. Randy just died a couple years ago at the age of 74. He kind of abandoned a lot of the, just sort of further out there religious ideas that is, was in his marriage seemingly because of Vicki. And he was still like a, a, you know, sort of celeb in the anti-government world. And Sarah, the oldest daughter has, it is very easy to find interviews with her. She wrote a book at it about it called From Ruby Ridge to Freedom. And in that book she forgave those federal agents.


Yeah. It's pretty amazing. I was reading an interview with her and she's a big commentator on that part of America and it, its response to the federal government and how each one needs to kind of interact with one another. She's very peaceful now it seems like. Yeah. Seems like It. And like you said, Ruby Ridge was like a huge impetus that was, that gave like all of these far right movements, a shot in the arm, and this is 1993. Within two years, all of that momentum would just be completely scuttled when Timothy McVay came along and said, Hey, I'm gonna blow up a federal building in Oklahoma City, kill 168 people, including 19 children in the daycare.


And it's in retaliation for Ruby Ridge in Waco. And it was so abhorrent that all of those people who were like, yeah, Ruby Ridge, were suddenly like, whoa, I'm, I don't want to have anything to do with militias anymore. Yeah. 'cause this is what people do. I'm not, I don't want to have anything to do with it. And it wasn't until the early two thousands that it started to come back again, which is slowly developed over time until we are where we are now, where they're essentially public, public office holders in some cases. Yeah. This is a tough one. So maybe let's do Waco in one year and then we can do the Oklahoma City bombing in two years. Have you ever been to Oklahoma City in that site?


I have not. It's insane to stand there. It's just Wow. Nuts. So yeah, we should do one on that too for sure. But we gotta space these out. Oh, I agree. You're saying have Ever in December, like a Christmas episode. Yeah. There you go. Good idea. American apologies for that tragedy toy episode and then our holiday episode. Yeah. Okay. Well, Chuck apologized just a second ago, so that means it's time for listener mail. Yeah. Here's a correction about porcupines that I don't think we got when that initially came out, but it must have been released as a Saturday edition, right? Recently. You bet your sweet bity. It was.


Okay. Hi guys, my name is GTA O and I'm an undergraduate at uc Irvine setting Biology. I wanted to write about a correction in your porcupines app. Chuck was discussing the fact of how new world and old world porcupines evolve independently of each other. The phrase for that would actually be convergent evolution, not co-evolution. Oh. So I think I misspoke And that actually we could probably clear that up in our peacocks episode coming up. Oh, good idea. Chuck. Convergent evolution is what we need to remember. Co-evolution is a term where interactions between two species have a reciprocal effect on each other's evolution, which is completely different.


Convergent evolution is when two separate population populations in distinct geographic locations undergo similar eno typic changes due to selective pressures. I want to finish by thanking you both for always peak wing, my interest. That's peaking. I know. Oh, you got me again. That's like, really? I thought You were messing with Me points a couple of months, Chuck, Go. Wow. Okay. And then later on I tell Emily, I was like, I mispronounce peaking, peaking. And Josh totally called me on it, but I tricked them peak wing my interest in a variety of random topics I didn't know I needed until I did looking forward to learning more.


And that once again is from gta O. Thanks. Gta. GTA O Is O their last name? It is JI dash TAO. Oh, okay. But they put put a handy pronunciation next to it. That's why I'm saying it. Well, Thanks a lot, GTA O that was great name, great email, and best of luck to you with your biology degree. We need more biologists running around out there. So bless you for that. And If you wanna be blessed by Pope Josh or Pope Chuck, you can send us an email as well. Send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History Class. Do you like podcasts, music, and audio books? 'cause when you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, you get all three in one app. Imagine listening to your favorite podcast and music on the go to work, school, the gym, or better yet, vacation. Now imagine being on vacation with your favorite audiobook from Audible, then listening to a new one every month from a huge selection of popular titles. That sounds like a pretty good vacation. Right? Audible is now included on Amazon Music Unlimited. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with their variety of delivery and pickup services. Try, click and collect for an easier way to grab your holiday favorites. Let IKEA handle the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options to simplify your shopping. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea with click and collect and small order shipping. Discover hassle-free solutions this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. I gotta tell you, I love this Liquid IV because you know it really tastes great And it really hydrates me. Whether You forget to take a sip of water during the office holiday party, or you start feeling parched after a long day of traveling or hosting, keep Liquid IV on hand to stay hydrated throughout the holidays. That's right, and they have a lot of true, true fruit flavors that are gonna keep you hydrated. You can find all your favorite hydration multiplier flavors on their website from Isai berry and lemon lime to pina Colada. And there little packets of hydration multiplier or sugar free hydration multiplier. Get you eight vitamins and nutrients three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. And no artificial sweeteners tear. Pour Live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So Stay hydrated through the holidays with Liquid iv. You can get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use our code stuff at checkout that's 20% off your first order when you shop Better Hydration today using promo code stuff@liquidiv.com.