
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDC.


Hey there everybody. It's time to talk about Squarespace. Squarespace is the easiest, fastest and best way to build your own website. Squarespace can help you with email campaigns, with all of the tools you need to engage your subscribers to drive sales and simplify your audience management. You can set up automated emails to build connections while saving time and easily integrate your products into email templates to drive sales and increase site traffic. So go to squarespace.com/stuff for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Das Ian and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, there's Chuck Jerry's here to, and this is Stuff You Should Know Comrade. Yeah. The Tetris edition. How much Tetris have you played? What's your background there? I was a very casual Tetris player. I, I mean, I didn't even realize there were as many levels as there are. I, I tend to flip out when things start to really go fast.


So I wasn't very good at Tetris, but I, I did enjoy it when I played it. And where'd you play it? Like what system? On the NES, the classic NES. Okay. How about you Chuck? How, what did your relationship to Tetris? Well, the only way I ever played it was on a Game Boy. I don't know if I had a Game boy, if it was Scott's. I know he had one. But at any rate, I played it on the Game Boy Only and really, really loved it. And got into that for a while. I wasn't like obsessed with it or anything. I did have the Tetris streams. I did walk around seeing things as Tetris on the landscape. So it definitely invaded my consciousness for a while.


But I never played it on, on anything but the Game Boy. So I don't know how to play it on a, with a regular controller or whatever. Yeah, I couldn't, like I tried playing it on computer, And it, I was like, I don't, I can't get this. I'm, I'm just used to the, the NES controller for it. Yeah. I, I was gonna try and play it today, just like whatever. I'm sure there's some free online version you can play on your desktop, but I, I was afraid I was a little behind today. I was like, I'm not gonna do it 'cause I'll be 30 minutes later. Right. I will have still be playing Tetris. 'cause it's a very addictive game. And part of why it was successful is because it seems like everybody that ever tried Tetris early on at least loved and became pretty addicted to Tetris.


Yeah, I was asking Yumi, I was like, did you ever play Tetris? And she just kind of gave me this, she didn't even look over at me. She just looked out at me outta the corner of her eyes and was like, I was pretty good at Tetris. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah. And come on. I never, I didn't ask her if she had the dreams, but I could see her having the dreams. Apparently that's a really common phenomenon. Right. I think it's actually called the Tetris effect. Yeah, for sure. When it starts invading your dreams or you start, you know, if you're walking around a city and you start looking at an alleyway that you could drop along I-Beam into, then it it's in your bones. Yeah, for sure. So yeah, we'll talk a little bit about why it's so addictive. People have come up with theories for it, like it's a video game that's so addictive.


Psychologists have actually come up with theories to explain why. Yeah. Tetris in particular, not video games. Tetris in particular has that Tetris effect. And it is so addictive. Which should kind of give you an idea of why, I think we talked about this in our Minecraft episode that where I got everything right. That Tetris is actually the, the best selling game of all time. Yeah. Closing in on 550 million copies. Wow. Yeah. And. that is a staggering number of people man. Right. And this is, this video game hasn't been around since like the 18 hundreds. Like it's from 1984. It's not Oregon Trail. Right, Right, exactly.


You can't catch dysentery playing it. No, and big thanks to Olivia for this one. I had this idea when I recently remembered that I had not watched the Tetris Cold War thriller movie. That is a, a very loose sort of story about how this game was developed because it is a very interesting story set against the backdrop of the Cold War. They, they really, it, it's a fictionalized version so it sort of loosely follows some of it, but it looked like a really fun movie that I'd kind of forgot about. So I asked Livy to put this together, And, I'm gonna watch the movie sometime this week. I think. So is that huge chase scene where Alexi Poff is chasing the CIA agents across rooftops in Istanbul and catches up with them and kills them with a garot is made up.


Yeah, I think he, I think it is. And he was throwing Tetris pieces at them and Yeah, building Tetris walls. That's what the movie they should have done. Yeah, For sure. That would've been pretty cool. He just like holds his hand out and instead of a web coming out, it's Tetris pieces right in your face. Alright, so you mentioned a guy that's very key to this. In fact he's the most key 'cause he's the creator, Alexi Paget. The year is 1984. Very big key here in American history in a lot of ways. And he was working at a place called the Rad Nitin Computer Center ra, which is a part of the Soviet Academy of Sciences.


And he came up with this game that he originally called Genetic Engineering. Great name eventually would land on Tetris, but it was a copy initially of his favorite puzzle game when he was a kid called Domino. I'm glad Yes, you said it. I it took me a little while. And I was like, oh, like Domino but with five. Yeah, exactly. And, it, it was like any other puzzle. It was a, a wooden box and you had these pieces, 12 wooden tiles each represented at different shape that Could be made with five squares And. it was just a, a physical thing. It was in a, a rectangular, horizontal box and you would just, you know, it was one of those puzzles where you would put the things in there And.


it wouldn't make like an Elton John album cover. It would just fit and you would be like, Hey, I won, I fit all the pieces in here. Right. So yeah, he basically took that and adapted it into, he's like, well I'm going to totally revolutionize this. I'm gonna change the shapes from five, five boxes to four. And and so you can't call it pen tomino anymore because Penta is what, five and Greek or Latin or something like that, right? Yeah, five squares. Yeah. So he called it Tetris named after Tetra. Yeah, the Greek prefix meaning four. And apparently he also liked tennis and wanted to give tennis a little shout out.


So that's what the is is from Tetra Tennis Tetris. Yeah. Yeah. And this initial version, like I said, it was called genetic engineering. And at first it was just a horizontal, but he just basically did the exact same thing digitally that he had in his physical, I guess sitting in his closet somewhere with pen tomino. It was a, a horizontal square with these pieces that you would, you know, click I, I don't know If you dragged at that point or not. Did they even have the mouse at that point? I don't know. Anyway, you could get it over into that box and fit it. The, the pieces didn't fly down and they didn't disappear. When you would complete a line like the classic Tetris that would come later when he would make it a big And, that was sort of the key basically was he found that that first version of genetic en engineering was boring and if he made it vertical, he made the piece of spa.


And if he made those lines disappear as you went, that created this addictive quality that made Tetris Tetris. That's it. Did you say that there weren't any graphics that they were like characters and punctuation marks instead of graphics? No. So yeah. Yeah, that was the first version. The whole thing was made up of brackets. Like each line was brackets and like the pieces were like exclamation points or periods or greater land symbols. It was pretty primitive rough first version. But yeah, it had had kind of the bones to it, but it wasn't until you start clearing lines that that's what Tetris is all about. So around the same time, he had a colleague called Dmitri Pavlovsky was also working on games and there was a 16-year-old involved young lad named Vadim ov who was a summer intern and just happened to be at the right place at the right time.


And the three of them got together with another guy, a psychologist named Vladimir Poko. And you put the four of 'em together and you have the earliest developers of Tetris. Yeah. He was interested in doing puzzles in relation to his psychological experiments, garam off and the other guy Pavlovsky were porting games over to IBM PCs, which a lot of people in the Soviet Union or not a lot of people, but that was sort of one of the main computers that they could have access to at the time. And they had this idea like, hey, we might be able to like profit from this one day, but that's gonna be a tricky thing because you know, this is a Soviet Union and everything that we do belongs to state.


Yeah, that was a great KO Smirnoff by the way. I appreciate that. Yeah, so as we'll see the, the developers page, Poff apparently was like, Hey, you know, I think it'd be a great idea if the USSR owned the rights to this game that we developed for the first 10 years. What do you think He had said that it was basically a, an IM impossible choice. Like if he didn't do that, they would cheat him out of it and he would probably be investigated by the KGB anyway. So he just went along with that. But before that ever happened, there was, the game started to spread. We mentioned Poko, he was a psychologist and he took it to a copy to the Moscow Medical Institute where he worked and was like, Hey, why don't you guys try playing this, see what you think.


And apparently the workers played so often that they had to, to delete it from their computers because they, yeah. They just couldn't be trusted with Tetris on their computers to get their work done. Yeah. That became kind of a common refrain in this story as it goes along. As more and more people are like, why are all my employees crowded around the computer monitor? And they would go in and find 'em playing Tetris. It spread to, like I said, IBM PC users in the Soviet Union was copied onto floppy disk, transported across borders. And eventually a guy named Robert Stein who owned a UK based company called an Andromeda Software, LTD, he saw this in Hungary.


He was like, Hey, Hungary gave us the Rubik's Cube. Here's another puzzle game. This is pretty interesting to me. So in 1986 he realized that he had a, or I guess he got a hold of a, a telex number for that could reach pageant nv and he sent him telex and they started tele Xing back and forth saying like, Hey, I'm interested in this. He ultimately got a reply that said, yes, we are interested, we would like to have this deal. And Stein didn't realize in Broken Russian that just meant, yeah, let's keep talking. He thought that meant, hey, sounds like we have a deal. Right. So he actually started creating copies of it, right.


And and getting ready to sell it in the west. Is that correct? Yeah. Here's where it gets a little confusing because this whole story about who has the rights gets really in the weeds. And what happened was Stein started, he thought they had a deal, so he started developing the launch of this thing because he thought he had a deal when he did not even have these rights. Like they literally made a deal with a guy named Robert Maxwell, British newspaper Mogul. There's a lot more to this guy than, you know, we could probably do a whole episode on him. But he had a couple of companies, one called Spectrum Hoby in the United States and one called Amir Soft in the uk.


And he made licensing deals for PC and console rights with Moft for the UK and Europe for 3000 pounds plus royalties. And then for Spectrum Holby for North America and Japan for 11,000 plus royalties when he didn't even own the rights to do so at this point. Yeah. So apparently they were out there selling units and then the Russians got word of this, something called el org. Electron org Technica, which was the Soviet organization for developing things like games like Tetris and then owning the rights to it. Got in touch with Stein and we're like, Hey, you can't do this anymore.


Like we own that. This is even Cold War stuff says that this is wrong, you know? Right. Yeah. So in January 29th to 88 Spectrum Holby released it in the US and he didn't get his deal signed with el org 'cause they weren't like, Hey, shut this down, you can't do it. They said, Hey, let's talk. He didn't get his actual deal signed with them until the end of February. So he was selling these things for a month in the United States before he even had a deal with l arg l org. And at that point he got I think like a 10 year licensing deal from them. So it was all, that part of it was legit by this point. Yeah. And at the time it was almost a hundred dollars for a copy of Tetris for IBM and $68.


And these are in today's dollars I should say. Yeah. For the Commodore 64. That's not cheap. No, for sure not. But people were buying it because people liked it. And apparently also Esof made deals with Atari and Sega too to, to basically start producing Tetris cartridges for those consoles. And again, I think this was within that window where he didn't officially own any of the rights at the time. Yeah. He didn't have those rights. So you could have it, it gets a little confusing, but you can have like PC rights but not rights to do it on like a handheld game or like a, a standup console arcade game or something like that. Right. Or what was to come, which was, well they already had Atari and stuff like that in Sega like you mentioned, but you know, all these are different licenses.


And he, this guy Stein was just kind of going full steam ahead without even owning these licenses, basically saying like, Hey I, I'll get these, don't worry. So yeah. So at the time there was another guy that we've gotta introduce and then we'll take a break after. Well after that, his name was Hank Rogers, HENK Rogers. He was Dutch born but grew up in America. And at the time he was working for a company called Bulletproof Software, a Japanese company. And his job was to find games to basically develop for the Japanese market. And one day in 1988, he was at CES in Las Vegas looking for ideas.


And one of the ideas that he came across Chuck, was Tetris. What a pro. We'll be right back. This is SYS, this is the purpose.


Hey everybody, we wanna tell you that Peloton has a variety that will allow you to adapt to any season of life and keep you coming back through changing interest, potential injuries and recoveries. And even just a busy season. Pelotons still going to be there to keep you going each step of the way. That's right. From four weeks strength building classes to running, cycling, and everything in between. Peloton can adapt to any goal and need in this season of your life. Yeah. You can challenge yourself anywhere too with Pelotons All Access membership. So you can work out where you need to, like at home on your bike tread or row. Or you can take your favorite classes on the go and at the gym with the app. That's right. Peloton has the perfect class for you to sweat in no matter what. So find your push and find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere or Test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all-Wheel drive, giving you the control to go beyond quality, Reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday, visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's BART s.com/cocktail.


Okay. So when we last saw Hank Rogers, he was wandering around CES with a penant that said Bulletproof's number one eating some popcorn. And he had just stopped in front of this booth that was playing Tetris and he dropped his popcorn and his penant at the same time, his mouth a go. And he was like, I have to own this game. Like we have to buy this game. And he wanted it himself. So much so that he talked his in-laws into putting up their house for collateral so that he could have seed money to buy the rights to this game. And he actually traveled to Moscow and this guy is where the Cold War stuff really starts to kinda come alive.


'cause he showed up in Moscow and was like, let's make a deal. And they're like, that's not how it works. Spy. Yeah, pretty much. I mean at this point he did make a deal with Spectrum Hoby for the Nintendo Fako console. Right. And you know, this is all early days. So the Game Boy had not quite debuted that launched in 89. So it was, the timing of it was really, really key because as we'll see the Game Boy is where it really, really took off. But he made a, a deal, sort of a handshake deal with the president of Nintendo of America to put Tetris and Game Boys. And he was like, Hey listen, you know, you're selling these game boys, you're including Mario, which the boys love, but If, you wanna appeal to everyone and sell more of those include Tetris, And.


I Think that led to like 35 million units of Tetris Game Boy being sold. Yeah. It was essentially the same thing when Apple loaded that YouTube album onto their iPhones. It was one of the greatest commercial successes of all time. This was basically the predecessor of that. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So you said he was sort of bumbly, I can't leave the, with that, that was a joke. Like that was a huge flop. Oh, everybody hated that just being like loaded on their phone and apparently you couldn't get it off either. Oh, No, no, no. I remember that. I, I think I was one of the few people that was like, oh, nice, I like you two. Thanks for the song. Thanks Suckers for the free album that I paid a thousand dollars for.


Goodness me. So you mentioned that he was sort of bumbling around Moscow and they were like, Hey, no thanks, bye. He eventually did get that meeting with Lor 'cause he's still trying to secure all these different, you know, license rights and he, they weren't too pleased with him, but luckily for him, pat Giov was in that meeting and he liked Rogers and they became buddies And that helped them secure the rights on the Game. Boy. Yeah. Because at the time, all of a sudden there was a huge competition in Moscow for getting these rights because it became clear Stein didn't own the rights, therefore, Maxwell didn't own all of the rights. Nintendo didn't own all the rights yet. So Sty, so Rogers was there like making these deals And it, it is questionable whether he would've come out on top, had has enough, not taken a sign or shine to him.


But he did. And like you said, he talked the head of Nintendo America into installing the game on every unit. And yeah, when you sell 35 million units of something, it's suddenly popular. That's when it finally blew up in the United States. 'cause again, it had been around for a few years by then, but when the Game Boy came out with it, that was it for Tetris. And also Nintendo is like, we're the Tetris platform now from now on. Yeah, for sure. And by the way, I, I did go to eBay. I haven't, I haven't picked the one out yet, but there are, there are plenty of game boys with Tetris cartridges that're supposedly in good shape. So That's awesome. I'm, I'm definitely looking forward to that. Although Emily says I still have mine somewhere.


I was like, all right, I'll just get it on eBay. You're like, how hard can you look for that? Yeah. And they're, they range in price, I think, you know, some of the more dubious ones are like 30 to 40 bucks. Right. And, I just wonder about the stickiness of buttons and, and pads and things. Yeah. But the one that's like 110, I feel like is probably a safer bet, but who knows? Yeah. Yeah. You gotta look out for that 40-year-old caramel sauce. Oh god. Yeah. And cotton candy and stuff like that. But the Game Boy one though, the reason I bring that up again is 'cause that's the one with that classic type a theme song Oh yeah.


From Sound Engineer, hero Hero, Zu Tanaka, which is hard to believe, but it's an actually a Russian folk song called Coro Bii, which means peddlers. And you can hear like a, a symphony doing that in a Russian symphony and you're like, oh, wait a minute. I know that song. That's the Tetris song. Yeah. It's pretty Cool. It is. And it's If, you haven't heard it in a while. Go, just look up Tetris type a theme on YouTube. Oh yeah. And it'll take you back for sure. Yeah. So there was one more challenge for the rights to Tetris And that ended up being between Nintendo and Atari. Like I said, a a Nintendo is like, we're we're the platform for Tetris, just try it.


And Atari was like, we're gonna try you so much. We're con we're so confident that we're gonna produce hundreds of thousands of copies of this game. And a judge was like, Nope, it's Nintendos. And Atari had to eat the cost of all those. Yeah. The judge was like, don't you have a a burial site for the Exactly. You can you repurpose that. So they've sold a lot of these, but marketing of the game initially was a challenge. It didn't have like cutting edge graphics or anything. You really had to play it to real to kind of understand how addictive it was. So just looking at the game and selling the game was tough. So they sort of weirdly at the time, really leaned into the Cold War and the Soviet stuff.


They, they re-skinned it to have St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. And the title screen, they had all sorts of little Russian Easter eggs in there at trade shows. They had Reagan and Gorbachev impersonators, like playing against each other and stuff like that. And that actually helped sell the game as this, like this weird import from behind the Iron Curtain. Like what are they doing over there? Right. Yeah. That was funny. There was a a, a New York Times article on it from, oh, I don't know, I think the like 86 maybe. And they were, they threw a little bit of shade. They're like, it's kind of impressive. This is the first software from the Soviet Union being sold in the us which indicates that their computers are finally catching up to American Computers.


These IBM PCs. Right. So that's funny. Tetris indisputably ended the Cold War, brought down the Soviet Union single handedly. There were no other factors involved whatsoever. And like we said, the, the rights for the the game stayed with the USSR for the first 10 years. And then finally when they came back around to, or for the first time, I guess to pageant off, he just started lighting 10 cigars at once with a hundred dollars bills. Yeah. Because this is already just a worldwide smash hit and now all of the royalties were gonna start to come to him. Yeah. I mean, he didn't try to fight this early on. Like, you know, if it was in the United States, somebody would've taken him to court probably over the fact that like, yeah, I was your employee at the time, but blah, blah, blah.


Like he knew that was a lost cause. So he never even tried to fight back. And I think, wanted to get in line as a good, as a good Russian state employer and was like, okay, 10 years you've got it. And you know, turns out patience is a virtue. 'cause he made, you know, he did pretty well in this thing in the long run. Right. So these guys started drifting over to the United States and there's a really sad, like kind of appendix to this whole thing. In 1998, Poko who was the psychologist who was involved in developing it, found that he had, he was being looped out now that the rights were coming to Pageant off. And Rogers who made a, a separate deal without him, he was running a, a relatively unsuccessful software company and apparently killed his wife and son with a, a knife and then killed himself with a knife.


And, which is a weird enough thing that there's still today conspiracy theories that he was killed by Russian mobsters or the government or something like that. but it, a couple of autopsies confirmed like, no, this was suicide. It's really, really sad. And just a weird little bizarre kinda side thing to be tacked on to, you know, what's just widely considered such a, a fun pastime around the world. Yeah. This, there's a documentary or docuseries rather called the Tetris murders about this. And I did not watch it, but I looked more into this and I'm not conspiracy minded at all, but this seems very, very pinky. There were three murder weapons to kill his wife and kid and himself.


There were two different hammers and a hunting knife, multiple murder weapons. It's just strange. There were documents burned on a grill. Everybody to a person they talked to were like, this guy was a super good dude loving father and husband. Like there's no way he could have done something. This brutal. Apparently the blood spatter analysis made no sense at all. and there were other people that were asked to sign off that were like, I'm not gonna sign off on this. Wow. Like, there's no way this guy slit his own throat, look at the blood. And they also found a note that they initially said was not a suicide note, but they would eventually say he was And. it said, I've been eaten alive, Vladimir, just remember that I am exist the devil.


It's very strange. It is. So, I don't know, it just, a lot of this stuff doesn't add up. So I'm not really sure what the deal is. No, for sure. I think the one criticism is that the docuseries doesn't actually say why anybody would've wanted to kill him and his family. But yes, everything I read is Just say Russian mobs. That's all you need to say. Sure, yeah. Yeah. It does kind of explain a lot. So like you said, there's a, a movie, I think it's on Apple TV that came out last year about this that you can see. Yeah. I can't remember what it's called. Tetris something, right? I think It's just Tetris. Oh, okay. Appropriate. It's got what's his name? The Kingsman Taryn Edgerton. Tn Edgerton. Yeah. I think of him more as Alton John.


I do too. I like that guy. I think he's a very talented actor. Oh God. I hope he is not a monstrous scumbag. I do too. We walk that fine line of like saying something nice about someone. Are they a monstrous scumbag? Or say something bad about someone and we'll just get back to them. Right. Yeah. You you have a good track record of calling it though. Well, I, I got one. I I got Jared back in the day. That's about it. That Was, that was a mega one. That was a huge whale of land. That's a good, nobody was thinking that about that guy. Speaking of that guy, should we take another break or should we talk about gameplay first? Well, we'll take another break it feels like. All right, let's break and we'll talk about how you actually play this thing right after this.


This is s of this wreck is the


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail


231. That's the average number of apps used by many companies. This leads to a lot of context switching that distracts employees and costs your company. Luckily Grammarly can help Grammarly's AI works in over 500,000 apps and websites, making it easy for your team to crank out clear on-brand emails, documents, messages, and more in just one click. They can go from blank page to finish, brainstorm, or first draft all without leaving the page there on Grammarly has 15 years of experience building effective secure AI that can be implemented in days with minimal it overhead. It goes beyond basic grammar to help tailor writing to specific audiences. Whether that means adding an executive summary, fine tuning tone, or cutting out jargon. Join 70,000 teams who save an average of $5,000 per employee per year using Grammarly. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise ready ai.


Okay, so If, you wanna play if you've never played Tetris. You know, a lot of this kind of assumes with that many hundreds of millions of games sold plus many more people that played that didn't actually buy it. That most people have probably played this game. But the idea is that, you know, you have this horizontal screen and these different shape blocks are coming down and when you do a complete horizontal line across with these different shape blocks that block, that line will disappear. And all this time more blocks are falling and falling and falling. And the key is to get to different levels by, you know, completing more and more lines and they start going faster and faster.


And you can, you can spin them to get them into position and into place and in different versions of the game you can see what's coming sometimes with just one, sometimes a few. and there were other variations along the years, but that's the basic gameplay of Tetris is very, very simple game. That was the best basic, most succinct explanation of Tetris I've ever heard. Really? Was it good though? For sure. Yeah. Okay. That's what I'm saying. It was the best. Oh, I just thought you meant it was short and that'll suffice. No, no, I thought it was great. Okay, thanks. Because you could have gone on longer, but why? You said it all just precisely. So. Alright. It was very economical and efficient. And I. Appreciate that. Thank you friend. There's also multiplayer versions, which means that there's a lot of competitive Tetris championships.


There's one in particular and the classic Tetris world championship, I believe is the biggest of them all. But some of the things that they've come up with. So Tetris was just basically the same for a very long time. And then when the rites reverted to pov, they started experimenting with it, making it a little different. Some of which you included in there. But one of the things that is pretty cool about multiplayer play is that when you start doing things like If, you clear multiple lines at once. It's a Tetris combo. You can be rewarded by garbage being thrown to your player's screen. And that'll be, you know, a few lines, sometimes a bunch of lines that have like a, a really inconvenient break in the line, which makes it really hard to clear.


And also it just pushed their regular screen up that much closer to the top, which is where you die If, you can die in Tetris. So there's like a lot of like kind of interesting things that they did with this really basic game that didn't seem like it Could be improved upon without really just being unnecessary. They seemed to have come up with some really good ideas for it. Yeah. And I. Think, think. Did you mention I that a true Tetris is when you get, what is it? I guess four levels at once. Yeah. When you, when you throw down that coveted eye piece and You so Satisfying. Yeah, exactly. Oh man, that's, that is a Tetris. Oh Boy. That's a satisfying, I remember that feeling. I can't wait to get that game. Boy.


Should we talk about the pieces? 'cause you found some kind of cool stuff, as did Libya that I never knew. Is that these pieces have names? Yeah, there's a bunch of slang names. There's a Tetris wiki that has a bunch of slang names, but somebody posted on Reddit a few years ago and the original Nintendo manual for it And, it has like the official Nintendo name. So we'll give you all of them or some of them. Alright. The J and the and the shape also refers to, or the, the letter refers to sort of the shape of the piece, right? Yes. Okay. So the J is the blue one. I never knew the, the there were colors because on Game Boy obviously it was not colored in the initial ones. But the blue one can also be called the Gamma or the the the Gee or GE or I think the, is the official The Blue Ricky.


The Blue Ricky, yeah. That's the official one. What else? And then there's a Orange Ricky, that's the L piece, which is basically the mirror of the J. It's also called Jed or right Elbow Orange Ricky. You don't really, you can't improve on that. A drink, it sounds, sounds a disgusting drink. Yeah. You Know like, like a Creamsicle Cruise ship drink Gin Ricky? Yeah. Oh boy. You might be onto something. What is a gin Ricky? It's gin lime And I. Think a little sweetener maybe. It's really simple. And I. Think club soda. Yeah, it's a pretty old drink. So kinda like a gin and tonic without but with soda instead of tonic and a little sweet.


Yeah. Yes, I believe so. I think that's a pretty good description, man. You're just killing it with the descriptions today. How about this, the yellow cube? It's a square. Oh my god. Genius. That's known. You can call it a square or the Zero or the Smash Boy. Yeah, that's the official name of Smash Boy. Can't improve on that one either. The S is the green piece, it's the, the right facing zigzag piece. Some people call it the right zigzag or right squiggly. But the official Nintendo name was the Rhode Island Z. That sounds like a sex position. It it does for sure. Wow. That's great.


Z There is a z is the mirror, the red mirror of the Z And. that is, you can call it a lightning bolt or the left dog or the left snake or the Cleveland Z. Also what I said before. Yeah, it's just more disappointing than the road. Oh there's the tea, the tea piece that actually is used in the Tetris logo and the tea is called the Tea Wee. The tea wee. Okay. And then that, oh God, that I called it the i-Beam. but it, that's the cyan four line clearer. That's also the one that If you If, you put it in the wrong place, it can really screw you.


But that pr that can produce that full Tetris, you call it the stick the line, the slim gym. But the long skinny one, The hero is the official name for it though. Oh, okay. That makes sense. That's where that song, that Enrique Igl song comes from. It's about Tetris a little known fact. So did you mention the championship? No. Yes I did the classic Tetris World championship. That's the big one. And they still use the original NES version, the one that I played and Yumi played and everybody. But you played apparently. That's right. Which is a key distinction when it comes to competing, I guess because I would've been, I would've been pretty lost.


Although there's no way I could, I wasn't like competition level, I was just okay at it. But dude, Competition level is insane when it comes to Tetris. No, when you watch like real time speeds of what these people are doing, it's crazy. Like that's when I'm like, I mean I'm way done by that. By the time they start going that fast. Yeah, Because the Nintendo controller, the original one, the rectangle with two buttons, like two red buttons and then a D pad, the directional pad, like it's, it works for certain kinds of games and certain kind of movements. Usually with two thumbs. But with Tetris the big part is to move the piece around and you wanna move a lot of pieces really fast and move on to the next one.


Which means As you're spinning them. Yes. Yeah. Which means that you have to, you have to press the deep pad really fast. And the deep pad was not made for being pressed fast. So like you said, people have come up with some amazing techniques for competitive play. Yeah. If you're trying to get something going down that's coming down very, very fast, all the way over and fitted on on the left side of the screen and it's dropped on the right, you gotta hit that deep pad. Like go, go, go, go, go. And you can only do that like, you know, there's some, there's humans can only go so fast until they invented hyper tapping, which was about 2011 according to Libya's research, which I, I've found that to be pretty much true.


Early 2000 tens, it checks out. That means you're like, you're sort of vibrating your thumb actually instead of pressing it, you're sort of vibrating your, you're like flexing your bicep so you're not fully releasing and pressing. It's just like a hyper press. A hyper tap. Right. So if you're, if you're trying that right now and you're like, I don't see how that works. Apparently a very, very few gifted individuals can actually Yeah. Hyper tap. Which means that hyper tappers dominated competition for a good 10 or so years. About 10 years. There was a kid named Joseph Sealey, or Saly, I'm sorry Joseph.


And he was 16 at the time, back in 2018. He reached level 31. I don't think we said just using like normal movements on the NES controller. No one makes it past level 29. Yeah, you just don't, this kid made it to level 31 using hyper tapping in 2018. He made it to level 35 in 2020. So at the time that makes him the greatest Tetris player of all time to that point. Yeah. So then in 2020 comes along a guy named Christopher Martinez, also known as Cheese, capital Z. Capital Z. Yeah. I think that capital Z makes it cheesy Z. Oh that you're probably right.


That's my take on it. No, I think you're totally right. Okay, well we should say Christopher Martinez, AKA cheese, a K, a cheese Z. And we'll get it in there somewhere. So he introduced a technique called Rolling, it's also called Fly Hecking, H-E-C-C-I-N-G. After a guy named Hector Fly Rodriguez who developed this technique on arcade game consoles. Not even for Tetris, just on arcade game console. Like you know how to press the buttons faster. And I'm gonna do a little audio. Josh If you allow. Yeah, please. Because did you see how this was done? Did you see Hector's fingers? I did.


It's amazing. The, the, this guy has like, they look like break dancing fingers. They're just so fluid. But it's If. you imagine like a standup arcade game and those big round buttons, If, you wanna press that really fast. You can go tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap with one finger or you can do this with your four fingers. Mm. Very nice. Did That come through you Think? Good Foley work. So that's what he's doing. He's using all four fingers to, you know, kinda like the I'M board thing. When you do that on a table, he did that on a button and found like, boy that's even faster than the fastest hyper tapping and cheesy cheese. I don't know if stole that, but he got that from him.


So what you do in the case of a Nintendo, because they have tiny little buttons, you can't do that with your four fingers. You Hold the D pad down just enough for it to engage. And then you do that to the back of the thing. And, it essentially is making your dpad move that fast because it's already engaged and you're going really fast. Right To the back of the controller. Right to The back of the controller making the back of the controller essentially one large button. Yeah. And it's just kind of jumping up and hitting your thumb. Yeah. That was another great explanation Chuck. Man, that, that's a tough one. 'cause you really gotta see it in action It, but you still, you did it great.


Hyper tapping. The best hyper tappers can hit the button about seven times a second. Okay. Which is Mindboggling. What About a roller With rolling people like Cheesy can hit it 20 times a second. What? 20 times a second. And Cheesy obviously was starting to reach New Heights as well. He is, I believe still one of the premier Tetris players in the world. Oh I'm sure. And. it started to get people like between Joseph Salie and Christopher or Cheesy. Like, they're like, okay, people can get past level 29. How many levels do you think there are in Tetris? and of course there's not like some, some point where the Nintendo developers were like, okay, that's it. You won the game at Level a hundred.


Just like many other games. They just let it go and go and go. And then eventually the game just stops functioning. There's some zero that doesn't get carried. Or some number resets, you reach some crazy bit configuration and the thing just crashes. But that's just never been done with Tetris because they figured out using bots that it was somewhere between level 155 and the mid two hundreds. Right. 29 is where the best normal players Max out in the thirties is where Joseph Salie was maxing out. This is like up to like 250. and there was a kid Who, oh Man, beat the game.


Chuck a human, not a bot a kid. I've seen him with my own eyes on the TV and he was not a bot. How old was he? What's his name? Give this kid his due. He was 13 years old at the time. This was December of 2023. So about a year ago. He was in Oklahoma. His name was Willis Gibson. Blue Scootie was his player name. Yeah. Are you gonna drop the level? I think you should. I think. All right. This guy, after playing for 38 minutes, hit level 1 57 and and crashed five times as much as the best players in the world and crashed the system. And every, did I say system? That's how excited you are.


That's Very weird. I was, and everybody was going crazy over this kid except for pageant off who said yes. Well you know, you beat the 40-year-old version of game. Nice accomplishment, Right? Yeah. He said that Tetris itself the pure, like the theoretical version of the game, you could never beat it. Yeah, I get it. I guess. But come on man. I Know, I thought that too. Like it's a 13-year-old you're talking to buddy. Alright. Should we talk a little, we'll finish with Tetris on the brain. 'cause we started the show talking about Tetris, getting into your dreams, getting into your, when you're packing your car, I still call that Tetris thing as do a lot of people when you're packing stuff.


Yeah, packing bot, moving trucks. It's kind of the vernacular now, but it does have very distinct impacts on your brain. Right? And usually in a good way. Yeah. Again, we said it was called the Tetris effect. There is a guy named Jeffrey Goldsmith who is a writer who is known for coining. I don't know if he coined a term or just was the first to apply it to Tetris, but he called Tetris a tro, which is like an addictive drug, but in software form and PE enough ever. The contrarian said like, no, it's more like a earworm right Visit with this guy. I don't know. He, he likes to be right I think. But so yeah.


So people have taken wide node of the fact that Tetris seems to be way more addictive on way more people than just about any other game. And so people have kind of investigated what the, what the deal is behind that. I know at least one writer chalked it up to what's called the Zig Nick effect. That is super cool. That was coined by a psychologist in Russia. Bluma. Well, Zink or I'm sorry, Zig Nick Bloomer. What a great first name. I think it's Zeer Nick. Okay. Well you know me, EI and European pronunciations, I know this is in the 1930s. And she noticed that at restaurants when a server had a large table of like, let's say 12 people, they could remember their orders, which was remarkable.


But then when it came time to deliver food to the table, they had forgotten them. So the idea here is that the, you know, with the Zy effect is that the brain really, really wants to store information about a task that isn't complete yet. Right? Like taking an order for 12 or in the case of Tetris, they're exploiting it by like constantly creating a little unfinished mission to create a line of blocks that you get fulfilled and then they drop another one. So it's just triggering this constant feeling of satisfaction because you're completing these tasks by completing these lines over and over and over. And then after you complete one, you have another task to do. So your brain is, is in activated again, like you said, moment by moment over and over and over again.


Pretty cool. It is super cool. There is another guy named Richard Hier, or I'm sure in your pronunciation, Haer, who in 1991 back in, yeah in 91 at uc, Irvine. He actually scanned the brains of Tetris players and he found that the, the brain is much more engaged when you're new to Tetris, which is probably a reason why it became such a popular game. It just sucks in new players And, that you, you start using way more energy in your brain when you start playing Tetris and then it kind of goes down over time as you get better And. that apparently is when most people stop playing Tetris after a while when they get really good at it because the brain's no longer being challenged.


Like it was originally thanks to the interesting zyger nick effect. Yeah. Yeah. There have been other studies, of course there was one that found that Tetris may reduce the strength of cravings. This was in 2015 by the British and Australian psychologists. Oh, The British industry. Is that a band? I thought that was The name of The, it's like a British sea power, one of my favorite bands. Right? Yeah. So just by psychologists in Britain and Australia I think. Got it. Basically where they used iPods to check in with undergraduates seven times a day to see if they're craving drugs, food, sex and other things.


They just Said yes. Yeah. That you might crave. Yeah. They're like we're undergrads. Duh. And playing Tetris for three minutes. Lessened the cravings. I am curious if that's just 'cause they're preoccupied with it. They argued that it was effective because it involved because cravings involve working memory and visualizing the object of desire. So maybe that is it. You're, you're occupied with another cognitive task so much that you're not thinking about the heroin you want do in your death drawer. Right. And one of the great things about cravings is If, you can ride it out or distract yourself or something like that. When you come back from that task, your brain very rarely goes right back to the craving. Yeah, that's amazing.


They also figured out for probably the exact same reasons or similar reasons, they believe that it can prevent PTSD from forming, which is a little weird. It's like you just had a traumatic experience, quick plate Tetris, right? Yeah. More, more likely it, it will help you get treat PTSD very similar to EMDR where you watch like a pen or a ball on a screen or something like that. This is playing Tetris while you're recounting your traumatic experience, your memory re catalogs it to something far less traumatic, thanks to your working memory being occupied while you're doing this other thing too. It's, we should do an episode on EMDR someday.


It's just insane how effective it can be. Yeah, for sure. I'd be way into that. They also found that the potentially your brain might physically change and then If, you play Tetris enough, you might have a thicker cerebral cortices and more flexible cortical cortical matter. So maybe your cognitive functioning and memory could improve. Although there have been other studies, weirdly, this is very strange to me, that found that playing Tetris does not improve things like spatial, I know cognition. And you would think that's the one thing it would help with. Yeah, I think it still helps with visios spatial like arrangement. Like you said, packing a car. Oh, okay. but it doesn't, you can't see something and be like, how's what's right side up for this shape that I'm showing you a picture of?


You can't just immediately say like, oh it should be to the left or something like that. Like, like Right. Just that specific thing. I think it still does help. Although I'm, I didn't see any studies. It's just how could it not, you know, I, I agree. Studies be damned well You got anything else on Tetris? I have nothing else. I can't wait for that game. Boy. I'll report back with pictures at Chuck the podcaster Instagram. Oh nice. I gotta put those kudzu pictures up. Hadn't done it. Oh yeah. You need to man. Yeah, Yeah, you got to. You put it on the podcast. You gotta deliver Chuck. I have to deliver Josh. Well since Chuck says he has to deliver And, that was in agreement to me saying he has to deliver.


Obviously we've unlocked listener mail. This is a timely one because our, our bet date has passed. We got a few of these from people. Hey guys, I'm from Brazil. And I started listening to your show during the pandemic, but I love those older episodes. And I was recently listening to one from November, 2019. Augmented reality. Coming soon at the beginning of the episode, Josh and Clark, we get that a lot. That's okay. I'm sure my tombstone will say Charles w Chuck Clark Bryant. I will see too it that it does if ilog you. Well I'm gonna be between you and you and me so you can constantly just be talking over me.


Okay, good. That's what we should do it. You should do you, me, me, you, Emily. Okay. And then we're not gonna talk about pets or children 'cause that's too sad. What if we just did like a mass burial together and saved some money? Oh yeah. Just Or a sky burial. Throw us all up in a mountain and let the crows eat us or whatever. Vultures. Yeah. But I'm sure shipping our cadavers would be kind of expensive. That's True. Alright, well we'll work this out. Okay, Jo. Anyway, Josh and Clark made a bet that in five years augmented reality glasses would be all the rage. 'cause Josh said that he thought they would be commonplace by Halloween. 2024. Here we are. Josh, what do you think? That doesn't sound like something I'd say in retrospect.


Well, Elisa says, I think Chuck won this one. It is funny though, recently, as someone I know saw me had my camera 'cause it was an event I was taking pictures. And I said, can I take your picture? And he said, sure. And I took his picture. Then he went, now can I take yours? And he touched his glasses and looked at me and walked away. And I was like that dude's wearing photography glasses. You didn't meta Ray Yout Chase after him. No, I knew the guy. Those meta ray bands that you can like whatever, interact online through your glasses, basically what they're Yeah, that's, that's what you thought would be commonplace. I think you Didn't chase after him and say like, Hey, I never said yes.


No I didn't. Well just thought I'd expose it here. There you go. Now we know you wanna say his name and street address? I do not. Alright, well, since Chuck told an anecdote about an anonymous friend using Google Glasses, And I lost a bet. Then we have to sign off by thanking whoever wrote this email. Who was it again? Elisa from Brazil. Oh that's right. Thanks a lot Elisa from Brazil. We appreciate it. Big time. Thank you for pointing out that I lost a Betsy Chuck. Hopefully there was no money on it was there. Do you know? No money as far as I'm concerned. And If, you wanna be like Elisa from Brazil? You can email us as well at stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class. Do you like podcasts, music and audio books? 'cause when you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, you get all three in one app. Imagine listening to your favorite podcast and music on the go to work, school, the gym, or better yet, vacation. Now imagine being on vacation with your favorite audiobook from Audible, then listening to a new one every month from a huge selection of popular titles. That sounds like a pretty good vacation. Right? Audible is now included on Amazon Music Unlimited. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.