
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Asking The right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner Professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at Let's make a plan.org.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 800 the number four rocket. Or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states in M ls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should know. Good old fashioned pop culture games edition. Yeah. And yeah, here we are finally talking about Scrabble. I've been asking for you to do this with me for at least a decade, and you kept refusing. I, I still don't know why. Even Jerry chimed in and was like, will you guys please do Scrabble? And finally you relented.


I think just because you wanted me and Jerry to stop bothering you about it. And that was probably it. A big thanks to Laura for her help on this one. What, what was your nickname for her? Dr. Claw. Dr. Claw. Do you play Scrabble? Are you a scrambler? I just kinda wanted to get that out of the way. You know, I wish I were, I'm, I'm not, and it's not like I have an aversion to it or anything like that. It's just not part of my world, I guess. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Same. I mean, we own it and I have played Scrabble here and there. If somebody's like, Hey, let's play Scrabble, I won't go like, no, sorry, not gonna do it. Right. But, you know, I'll play very occasionally, but I've never been a regular scrambler, nor am I very good at it at all.


Especially if I'm playing against somebody who, you know. 'cause there's a lot more to it than just like knowing words. Well, I feel like based on Stuff You Should Know. History. Our best episodes are ones where we explain games that we don't actually play soccer, chess. Yeah. I mean the list just keeps going on and we're, it feels like we're about to add to it. Yeah. Surfing. Yeah, surfing. I mean, we should probably just say that Scrabble, If you don't know, it's a board game in which two to four players use letters, little tiles to spell out words on a board. Right. In a crossword like fashion. Wow. That was a good description, Chuck. In other words, you know, the, the words have to intersect each other.


You can't just throw a random word out there in the corner If you, If you feel like it, they have to touch and use a letter or I guess a blank space for another word. Yeah. And by the way, I, I just want to go ahead and 'cause Scrabble. People are probably gonna get mad at us, but I'm gonna go ahead and throw out a, a, a suggested rule change. Okay. That there is a word scrabble and that means to, to, as a verb, to scratch or grope to try and collect, collect something or as a noun, the act of doing that. And I propose that If you play that eight letter word, that not only do you get your bingo bonus for playing a seven letter word, I think you should, If you play the word Scrabble, you should get an extra bonus on top of that Of how many points, million, Whatever's fair.


That's where I just step back and say you guys handle it. Okay. You like to kick the hornet's nest and then watch 'em go. I just think, I don't know If you play the word Scrabble, give it a little, just a little bump. I agree. I think you're right. Alright. That's my only suggestion. My only note A little more about it. The, the Scrabble board is 15 by 15 squares, 25, 225 total squares. And because it's 15 by 15, you're limited to no more than 15 letter words. Sure. And just the, I guess just a quick summary of the rules. So when you play that first word, you have to play it in the center square. That's where you start.


And you can build off of other people's words. The, you get up to 15 letter words by building onto other words, because you could never spell more than a seven letter word because at no point in time do you ever have more than seven tiles. Right. And as I said that seven tiles played at once. It's called the bingo. You, you add up your score at the end and tack on 50 points at that point. Right. Or however many you get. Apparently experts can play like, you know, three, four or five of those in a game sometimes. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a great way to run up scores from what I can tell. And then across the board there's triple word scores, double word scores, double letter scores, and triple letter scores.


And basically when you lay a tile over that, depending on whether it's a letter or a word, you get bonus points for it. So when you're like, like If you play a bingo across like a triple word score, a cooking, you got a bunch of points. You basically just dusted your opponent in that one move essentially. Yeah. I mean if you're just sort of amateur, fun scrabble people, one big bingo like that can seal the game for you. Yeah. It's, I imagine it's called synonym packing with tears in their eyes. I think In France, by the way, the bingo is called a Scrabble. Oh, nice. Just other nuts and bolts. You know, the, the tiles come in a little, they're little wooden tiles. Little wooden square tiles and on the tile a letter and then a point value sort of as a subscript.


And then you keep your letters on a little wooden tile rack and you ideally, your, your opponent does not see those. Right. Like, you know, it's, they're facing away from you if you're opposite your opponent. And that's a big part of like an expert or at least an accomplished or experienced scrabble list is dummies like me. And I guess you, If you and I played, we'd just sit down and try and spell fart every chance we got. If you're an experienced scrabble list, you're almost like counting cards. Like you know how many letters right. Are in the bag of like how many of each letter in the bag and you see them being played, you know how many are on your rack, you know how many are still in the pile.


So you're sort of trying to figure out mathematical possibilities of what's still out there and what can be played. Like that's the next level stuff. Yeah, for sure. And it's not like evenly distributed. For example, there's 12 E's, but there's only one JKQX and Z. And then the other letters are kind of distributed in weird random ways. So that like you could, I guess, easily count that stuff. If you play Scrabble enough, you're just gonna pick up on how many Yeah. Are out there at any given point. Yeah. You've also got your blank tiles, which are worth zero points, but that it, those really help out in making words possible that you couldn't get ordinarily.


And then you've got your one pointers, A-E-I-L-N-O-R-S-T. And you. And also, just real quick, I did some poking around Chuck and I found that there's some mnemonic devices that like tournament level players use to remember how many points a particular letter gets. You should say that after I list them all. Well, I was, I was going to just do it by, by group if that's okay with you. Sure. So the first group, one point they use astronauts eat in limbo. No. Right. Silly tiger umbrella. All right.


The two pointers are D and G, Dave and Gary. Okay. I would say doggone three points are B, C, M, and P. That is B chewing masticating pizza. Does someone really suggest like, Hey, use these and don't make up your own? No, I'm making this up. I gotcha. This is all a bit. Okay. Four points. We got FH V and W and why. Right. So for heaven's vague, why you, Okay, I get it. Now you should have told me this is a bit five pointers you get your K. K, Okay.


Eight pointers. JNX, Jackson loves Xanax. Okay. Jackson loves. Yeah, you just have to ignore the, the L. Okay. Then your 10 pointer. Josh, what are we gonna end up with? Q and Z? Quartz and quartz. That's great. I think I got it. You got It. Yeah. Gimme a quiz at the end. I'll, I'll put this away and then you can just quiz me. Yeah. Once you learn that, you'll never forget it. There is a statistics professor at Carnegie Mellon, Andrew Thomas who says, If you go first, you have an advantage of 14 points.


If you have that blank tile ever in the game, that's an advantage of 30 points. If you're good at Scrabble, not like me. Right. There's also like If you have S tiles, there's a 10 point advantage. And the reason why I was like, that doesn't make any sense because s as you remember from your mnemonic device is only a one point tile. You Should throw that on the end though, right? Yeah, that's the thing. So like If you add, If you, like I said, you can add onto other words that are already on the board, even ones another player wrote out and whatever word score they got for that word, If you add an S, you get that same word score plus one point for the S. So that's a really easy way to rack up some quick points.


Totally. And I think also probably annoy other players. I wonder about that. I'd like to hear from from scramblers. I mean, if it's fair game, it's fair game. Yes. And there's, but there's plenty of rules that are fair game that are also like you're a jackass. Yeah. That's a good point. Let me see here. What else do we have? We have X and Z give you a three to five point advantage even though they're, you know, tougher to use. And the Q is a five point disadvantage because, I mean, I was about to say you always have to have that U but I'm sure there are weird Scrabble words that don't have a QU. There's two that I know of. One is key Qi. Yeah, I think I heard That Qi Or no, sorry, that's Q.


Okay. Like life force, I think. Okay. And you get 11 points for that one. And then, I can't remember, there's one more that's like a, a Q word that does not require a U, that P Oh no Qi is in here. 'cause that's the highest scoring two letter word. Right. Along with Za. Is that what you said? Yeah. Okay. And I looked up Zaza. Yeah. And it's slang for pizza. I'm not certain that that usage is allowed, but it's also a archaic word for a B flat notation. Yeah. I wonder if, because I did the same thing you did every time they gave an, Laura found an example of a word that's unusual or high scoring. I always looked it up 'cause I was curious.


I, I wonder if that's part of the love of Scrabble is actually learning what these words mean. Or if they're like, I really don't care. I just care how much it's worth. Well, from what I can tell Scrabble players don't care what a word means. They, they don't think of them like that. And I mean, that'll come up later with those controversial words. Oh Sure. Good point. Yeah, it's just us. We're curious types Scrabble players are not. That's that's true. The highest scoring three letter word is Zack's 19 pointer and Zack is 16. Quiz is a four letter word worth the most at 22. And Then that means like a, a test of sorts. Okay. And then Zippy, what does that mean? The, the Pinhead Zippy. The Pinhead. What's that?


Oh, it's a really weird eighties comic strip. You know the clown with the Zippy? The pinhead? No, I don't know it. Oh, you should look it up. It's, it's weird. It's a weird comic strip. Okay. I don't know it, But it couldn't be that. Sorry, I have to, I have to correct myself. Before all of the Scrabble players email in, it couldn't be zippy the pinhead because Zippy the pinhead would be a proper noun. Ah, okay. Good point. Thanks. You can't use proper nouns. No, you can't. Might as well go ahead and say that They're really serious about that stuff too. Oh, I bet. See I'm a house rules guy so I can, you know, as long as everyone's on board, I think you can, you can have your own house rules first off.


Oh, I agree. Don't bring that into a tournament. No. Get that mess outta here is what they'll tell you. Yeah. But like if I were to play with Ruby She'd and I'd probably say like, hey, we can use proper now 'cause she'll wanna put our dog's name or something. That's awesome. Or maybe I would, right. I did look up the highest scoring bingo. And that is Muji, M-U-Z-J-I-K-S, which is a Russian peasant. Wow. Well that was something, it's Probably, it's probably Mu Muji Muji or something. Yeah. I like it both ways though. Muji look at all the Muji toiling in the fields. Yeah, I like That. So I was confused because there's a lot of, like, one of the rules is no proper nouns, no words that end an apostrophe or require an apostrophe.


Yeah. And then also no foreign words. But clearly some foreign words are allowed in because they're so common in English that they've just basically been adopted into the language. I get that. But a JIS is not a common word in English. So it, it must mean that that does appear in some English dictionary somewhere because that's kind of the great ruler arbiter. But I just don't see how it could be. That's just weird to me. Well What's weird is your college band I know for a fact was Jay Clark and the Mu Chicks. Yes. But we were trying to be exotic, you know? Well, And we should also say that the Scrabble, I think is now up to 30 languages all over the world.


And apparently that can be problematic. Like in, in France you can add an E and an S to many, many words. So it can kind of get outta hand with the, the score totals there and, and are beloved Germany, and I never really thought about this, but German words are long, so there's not a lot of, I mean there. Sure, sure. There are obviously words shorter than seven words in Germany, but a lot less than a lot of other languages. Yeah, it's true. So it must just be bingo city or whatever. Bingo city is in German. There's, there's also Bingo, I don't know what city. Bingo, bird Uhat maybe. Bingo. Sure.


There's a, so in some other countries too, in foreign language versions of Scrabble, there are some a adjustments with the tiles. Like some have more than a hundred tiles. Oh right. 'cause of weird little letters. Yeah. There's like double L and double R in the Spanish language version. Right. Of course there's also the N with the till day over it that, Ooh, that's also a tile. Yeah. Spice it up a Little. Yeah. I think that's worth eight points. Nice. Yeah. But you have to, to remember that, that's eight points you have to say Y. Right. Should we take a break? I like how this is headed. Yeah. Alright, We'll be right back. Wanna learn about a T? How Tory's, Lizzie board murders?


And again, about runs. Explain everything Josh. Word up. Jerry.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Alright, we're back. And if you're gonna talk about Scrabble, you gotta talk about Alfred Mosher Butts because he is the gentleman who invented this game. This is in 1938. He was an unemployed architect at the time and, and just in the games. He's from Poughkeepsie, but I believe the game was actually invented, actually I know this for a fact in Jackson Heights, Queens because at 81st Street and 35th Avenue, I believe is a Scrabble style street sign. I think it's, I think it's 35th Avenue has below each of the letters just the little number value subscript, which is kind of just a little nice, fun, cute nod. Are you sure? It's just that that community in particular isn't big Scrabble fans.


Yeah. I'm positive. Okay. So he, did you say he was an unemployed architect? Yeah. At at the time and he was just into gaming and wanted to invent a game that was part chance, part skill. Yeah. So he did not have a great success with it out of the gate. He initially tried to call it lexio and crisscross words and he took it around to game manufacturers and they're like, nah, I'm not really feeling this. Yeah. And that was the, the way it went for a good decade before a man named James Bruno bought the rights. He saw something in it that I guess other people didn't, he renamed it Scrabble, he changed the gameplay a little bit. One of the biggest changes he made was that the way that Moser butts had come up with is that you just thought the word in like a kind of a mental version of the, the board and the other player hopefully was able to pick up on the word you were thinking.


And so Bruno was like, maybe we should just replace with a, an actual board and tiles. And that really kind of helped move things along a bunch. Yeah. You know, I looked up this James Bruno and you know, we get a lot of great information a a lot of times from New York Times obituaries and he was a, a friend of butts and so they used to play Scrabble together on occasion, like their homemade version. And once this guy took it over, he and his wife Helen, like operated out of their house and he was like at, at, at a certain point, like all that was in our house was boxes of tiles and racks and boards and we couldn't move around. So they had to, they moved to an abandoned schoolhouse and then eventually a, a converted woodworking shop.


And they had 35 employees working two shifts producing 6,000 Scrabble sets sets a week. Wow. By 53, by 1953. So within five years of him buying the rights? That is correct sir. Okay. So that, that the year before that I've seen it told as a legend or a widely told story. Laura put it, I don't know why no one's like Yeah. That's what happened. But Right. Supposedly the president of Macy's came across the, the game, I'm not sure how played it, liked it ordered a bunch to stock up. Of course that meant Gimbals immediately followed suit.


And so the, the game took off from there. So this would've been 1952 when that supposedly happened. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. And Bruno was like, we can't possibly keep up with this demand. Like this is just skyrocketed, which is great. But they turned to a company, a game maker called Ccho and Ryder and they took over making the game and they did. So for decades they were the people who made Scrabble for a really long time. And within two years, two years of that great Macy's president story happening, four and a half million copies were sold. Like it just hit America. Like, you know, a a a giant packet of Pop Rocks and Diet Coke Mentos.


Yeah. Or like A-T-O-N-N-E of bricks, which is worth more than TON. Nice Chuck. So that's selling pretty good. I think they've sold, they estimate about 150 million total sets as of, you know, kind of now. Yeah. Even though it's hard to get a, a real firm number on that. But they bought that trademark Scho and writer, I don't wanna say Richter there, but it is Ry bought that trademark from them in 72. Bruno got a million and a half bucks, which would be about 12 million today. And this by the way, was like he was looking for something to do in retirement. So Wow. He really scored, that's a triple letter retirement gig I would say.


Right. Or triple word even. Sure. And then the inventor, Mr. Butts got 265 grand, which should be about 2 million bucks. Plus he got a, a very small royalty that he seemed to be pretty happy with. Yeah, He sounds like a great guy. This is one of the more heartwarming quotes I've come across in a while. He agreed, he was interviewed in 1984 about, about his invention and he said, people are always asking me if I'm rich. I used to get two to 3 cents for each game sold one third went to taxes, I gave one third away and the other third enabled me to have an enjoyable life. Great. And if there's such thing as heaven, I believe that Mr. Butts is there right now.


I Think so too. He would've been in his eighties then too. 'cause I think he died in the early nineties. In his nineties. Okay. Well there you go. He had a great life apparently. I love it. So things turned kind of dark when the Cabbage Patch kids bought Scho and Ryder in 1986. You wanna hear something funny? What? Every time I looked at that word I said Coleco. Oh. And I was like, I was like that's so weird. Like I grew up with Coleco toys. Yeah. And I just kept seeing it as Coleco and I was like, wait a minute dummy. It's Coleco. Well you must be Scrabble list because that would just be like the word construct without any kind of Right, right, right.


Of meaning to it. So you're in there, Chuck, you really did some method research. Yeah, maybe so. So Coleco Yes. Bought Scho and Ryder and just did not really give much of a care about Scrabble. I mean it was just a money maker to them. Apparently they were already in trouble, which is nuts that they declared bankruptcy by 1989. I think they, I can't remember. Surely we talked about it in our Cabbage Patch kids episode, why that happened. But to go from having one of the hottest toys in the history of toys to bankrupt in the same decade is breathtaking as far as business goes.


But when Coleco declared bankruptcy, Hasbro stepped in and they did seem to care a lot more about Scrabble. And so under their ownership, I think it's still owned by Hasbro if I'm not mistaken. It's been fine. Had its ups and downs as we'll see. But there was also a bidding war for the international rights to produce Scrabble and Mattel beat them out for that. Right. And that, I can't imagine what a plum that is. But it also occurred to me, and I know we've done an episode on intellectual property, but there's like, there's some fictitious right out there that says this one company is allowed to produce all the games just internationally.


This other company has this other fictitious Right. To produce all the games just inside of the United States. And it's just so mind blowing to me that we've just kind of created that, that kind of made up structure for things. And how much just gobs of money that that legal fiction creates for people. Are you pushing for just an open source world? No, not necessarily. I don't have a problem with it. I was more just astounded by it. Yeah. You know? Yeah. No, it's interesting. I mean, I mean, have you ever dug into like TV rights for professional sports leagues? Oh my God. Is that, I'll bet that's quite a jungle. Yeah, it is. And it's gotten really, really expensive.


Like when you see the numbers, like, you know, Amazon acquires the right to air whatever Sunday night football or something. It's just like, oh Yeah, yeah. I know. It's as astounding how, what kind of money we're talking about For sure. Anyway, I guess we can move on to competitive Scrabble because you know, a lot of people just play for funsies at home. I know our, our bud John Hodgman and his lovely wife Catherine play like for decades now. 'cause they're high school sweethearts. So they're long, long, long term scrabbler, you know, against each other. Yeah. I, I kind of wanted to find out if there was a, a lifetime record that they keep up with Surely. But then I just decided not to ask.


Yeah. Hodgman used to live tweet their games. Oh He did? Yeah. It was really cute to, to just kind of follow along. I bet they're both good because Yeah, Catherine's an English teacher and John is, you know, knows a lot of words. Yeah. Any, anybody who knows Hodgman too, right. When they saw the Scrabble episode of Stuff You Should Know, knew that there was a hundred percent chance Yeah. That Hodgman was gonna come up at some point in time For sure. He, He, he would've complained if we hadn't. Yeah, For sure. He he's a Scrabble Scrabble guy for sure. Yeah. He would smoke me. In fact, I I I feel like I might've played him once on one of these trips that I used to do with him for Maximum Fun.


But I don't know if, if we did play it was not even competitive at all. I'm sure He was, I don't see why he would've played, I don't see why he would've played me because Right. I'm really just, you know, I'm like Steve Carell and Anchorman. I like, I'll try to spell lamp just 'cause I looked at one, you know, Hey man, if it gets you some points, who cares? Yeah. You and I'd probably be pretty good, you know, matchup. Yeah, I think so too. We should play some time. Yeah. Okay. So That sounded unenthusiastic, I meant. Hell yeah, buddy. All right. Sorry you can't see me, but I'm raising the roof right now. Yeah, let's do it. So, well you mentioned competitive Scrabble that there are tournaments, which isn't very surprising.


I mean, people are into Scrabble. So when you start throwing money down for, for like prize money for prize, people are gonna flock to 'em. And for years the, the main, the biggest Scrabble tournament, what they called nationals was the North American Invitational Scrabble Players Tournament, which had its inaugural championship in 1978 and was held every year through to 2009. And Scho and writer actually formed the National Scrabble Association, which was very smart because that kind of thing generates a lot of interest, enthusiasm, newspapers cover.


Oh, it's so crazy. There's a Scrabble championship right now and like it just helps keep the thing topical, you know? Yeah. Instead of just letting people buy it and crossing your fingers, that kind of thing. It was a pretty smart business venture. And then, like I said, Coleco came along, they did nothing for it. Apparently the Players Association had to shame Coleco into chipping in $5,000 for prize money for the national tournament. And then when Hasbro came along, they started funding it a lot more lavishly. But then they kind of said, you know, we're we're, this isn't actually worth it anymore. You guys are, you know, maybe a few hundred people coming to these tournaments and you Yeah.


You all have all of the Scrabble boards that you're ever gonna need, you're not gonna buy anymore. So. Right. They stopped funding those and they actually shut down the, the National Scrabble Association. So an independent version came up the North American Scrabble Players Association, I think back in 2009 is when it was formed. Yeah. And before anyone writes in, technically they didn't completely shut down the NSA, they just stopped their, they weren't in charge of the tournaments anymore, they just, they moved them over to another program called School Scrabble. Yes. Because those kids have a long life of buying Scrabble boards ahead of them. That's right. You mentioned ups and downs over the years.


You know, I guess all board games go through kind of boom periods and bus periods or, or at least low periods. And Scrabble is no different. There was an early two thousands boom, there were to televised tournaments. It's interesting what drives this stuff. I don't know if they know on the inside, but I couldn't figure out why it would've had a boom in the two thousands, early two thousands. Oh, a, a documentary called Word Freaks I believe. Oh, is That what Did it It introduced it to a whole new generation of people. Oh, okay. Well there you have it. And yeah. And it took off like it like, like Hasbro has a lot to be thankful for from that documentary, from what I understand. Oh, I bet The New York Times crossword documentary to kick that up a notch.


Yeah, for sure. That was a great one. But we're not talking crosswords again, so don't worry. I just busted out in sweat. You got a flop sweat happening. There were 75,000 rated Scrabble tournament games in 2004 and that number by 2019 was cut almost in half. That went down to 40,000 and the nationals went from 837 players to two 80 over that same span. So it just seems like that documentary really caused a resurgence I guess. And then it kind of went back to level set maybe. Yeah, for sure. There was also a lot of internal strife too. The North American Scrabble Players Association didn't make a lot of friends.


They established a real top-down hierarchy of how that that association was run. So some other players associations were developed, splintered off. There was a lot of fracture, I guess in the Scrabble community that just kind of came around that time that surely affected attracting new people. Like, I hate to use the word toxic 'cause I feel like it's definitely overused. Yeah. But it feels like that community got a lot more toxic around that time and, and you know, that doesn't exactly attract people. Yeah. Like hey, I wanna join that toxic subculture. Right.


Really mix it up. Yeah. Well some people are into that. Yeah. Those aren't the people you want to attract to your toxic subculture though. Yeah. Or play Scrabble with. Right. If you're in a tournament, you're gonna see some big scores. They have, you know, scores over 800 points at times in tournaments. The highest scoring legal word, I don't think it's ever been played officially, but that would be a, a 1,784 point score if it, that was across three different triple word scores. Right. And that word is oxy Fin butone. Yeah. It's a now banned NSAID pain reliever.


That's right. And since I know you looked it up, 'cause I did too, I'll let you give the definition of cz, which is the highest score ever for a word played in a tournament. 392 points for cz. So yeah, so that one, from what I could tell, I found that as a Spanish word for an indigenous chieftain usually among Caribbean tribes. Yeah, I saw the, the Tino people like the indigenous Bahamians. Right. And that was actually played Amazing. Yeah. I mean that's, so that's one word for 392 points to put that into perspective. A good, you know, average person's Scrabble score from what I can tell, couple to a few hundred points.


This is like a Scrabble score with just a high Scrabble score with just one, one word. This is like the level that these people are playing at. And Chuck, I, I say we take another break and we'll come back and we'll poke around in the brains of those high level Scrabble players and see what neurologists have found out recently. Let's do it. Wanna learn about a terrorist? How to take a perfect of murders and runs? Explain everything to explode. Josh, word up Jerry.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anaba. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lilly usa. LC.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Hey everybody. Here's an interesting fact. The most common disease in the world is cavities. It's also one of the most preventable, which brings us to the Colgate Total Active Prevention System because it attacks the root cause of oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. Yeah. Spoiler alert it's bacteria. The system is 15 times more effective at fighting bacteria. It reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non stanus fluoride toothpaste in flat trim toothbrush when used together. It's some cool science too. The unique technology in the toothpaste was recognized with the Edison Patent Award, which honors outstanding research and innovation. But this is about more than impressive awards and healthy smiles. Oral diseases can increase the risk of other health conditions such as respiratory disease, diabetes, and cardiac conditions. With the Colgate Total Active Prevention System, you can help prevent problems like cavities and gingivitis before they start, which may make a positive impact on general health conditions. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


Okay Chuck. So we've kind of made mention a couple of times that people who play Scrabble like think of words differently than Normies do. And there have been studies using the Wonder Machine in particular by neurologists of the brains of people who play gravel because there's a lot of longstanding discussions, rival theories and hypotheses about how we process words and information associated with words. And by studying Scrabble players like high level Scrabble players, they found that their brains literally work different when it comes to words. Yeah. Take it away. Well one of the studies, I can't remember what year it was, I actually failed to look, now that I think about it, they found that when you put the, put a Scrabble player through the, what's called the Lexile decision task, which is showing people very quickly jumbles of words and saying, is there a word in there too late?


Is there a word in here too late? And they have to answer really quick and there's always some lab assistant shouting too late. And really just mix things up a little bit. Scrabble players use regions of their brains that most people wouldn't use. They, and they don't use regions of their brains that people normally do use. Say. So like when you think of a word, you think of the meaning. Usually that's how you grasp a word when and you're really kind of processing what the word is. There's a meaning attached to it. There's a symbolism attached to it. With a Scrabble player, they do not think like that. They think of words as physical constructs of letters.


There's no, yeah. Meanings aren't attached to 'em. It that takes too long. They process 'em much more quickly because it's just a bunch of letters that you put together. It doesn't matter what it means. It just matters that you can get this number of points on a Scrabble board. And one of the other things they found is that they also use more spatial reasoning than the average person does when they're recognizing and processing words and letters. Because they have to figure out how to orient them on the board and how they would intersect with other, other words on the board. So they, their brains change and the way they approach words change the more Scrabble you play. Yeah, I think it's, they, it's almost like Tetris, like in their brains at a certain point.


Like they might as well just be Tetris blocks that are trying to fit in. Obviously not Tetris. 'cause you can't make, you know, your own size and shaped things, but you know what I mean. Sure. I know what you mean. I think that's def I think it's a good analogy. There's some other cool studies that there are, you know, kind of findings they found from different studies. The setup of this one is basically that If you have a college degree, they have found that you're less likely than those without, with, you know, less education to get age related memory loss in Alzheimer's. But in terms of Scrabble, they found that that gap can be closed a lot. If you don't have that college degree and you play a lot of Scrabble, you can close that gap to where it's almost the same as people with higher levels of education as far as acquiring that memory loss in Alzheimer's.


Pretty great. Take that college boy. What about the Ruskis? That was interesting too, I thought. Yeah, they studied Russian engineering students and by they, I mean the people who conducted this study and they said, here, Russian engineering students were gonna teach you Scrabble and you're gonna play it for a year and then we're gonna test you, we're gonna have you play teachers who teach English as a foreign language. So they're Russian, but they know a lot of English and we're gonna play the English language Scrabble by the, by the way. So there's all the pieces on the board right there. And what they found is that the engineering students who didn't speak that much English were able to, I think in the words of the study, smoke the English as a foreign language teachers in Scrabble.


That's incredible. Yeah. Even though they, the, the teachers knew more English than the, the engineering students did. Yeah. That's super cool. They've also found that for tournament play, men dominate turn tournament Scrabble tournaments, generally speaking. But they've done studies of this and they're like, Hey, it's not because men have big brains and women have little tiny brains. Yeah. It's not because guys can, can learn words better than women. It has nothing to do with any of that. It has to do with the fact that in general, overall men start younger than women do. Boys I guess start younger than girls when it comes to Scrabble.


And women generally and and girls play more Scrabble, but they say that's not necessarily how to get better at Scrabble. They're playing for fun and just having a good time. Whereas to get better at Scrabble, what these boys and men seem to be doing more of is like graming stuff and analyzing everything. And instead of just like, Hey, let's just play some Scrabble and have some fun. Like let me research and analyze this stuff so I can dominate in a tournament. Exactly. But I mean that's how you get better at, apparently Anagram is a huge thing to do If you want to get better at Scrabble. Because when you look at the, you know, there's seven tiles on your tile holder that's just a jumble of letters and you have to find the words in those letters.


That's part of the game. So If you go practice that, yeah, you're gonna get a lot better. But I saw that among just the population in general, just people who play Scrabble for fun, it's much more closely divided. It's more like 60 40 men to women. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's changed a lot over the past couple of decades too. Yeah. I think that documentary probably helped quite a bit. Yeah. When it comes to like, all right, what words, like what dictionary do you use? There is a Scrabble dictionary. It's called the official Scrabble Players Dictionary. It was released in 1978 again by Selchow and Ryder, even though they worked with Merriam Webster to produce the game. 'cause you know, they're dictionary people.


And th this has caused a lot of controversy over the years because words have been added, words have been been taken away. And every time that happens, the Scrabble community, you know, some people are like, great, great change. And some people are like, no, I hate that. Yeah. Because to them they're just words. The meaning has no purpose or point whatsoever in the game. It doesn't matter. So why would you take any words out that we could potentially use and score with Some of the worst and the worst racial slurs out there have been in the Scrabble dictionary? Well, yeah. Do you wanna tell some people? Well, I mean, I'm not gonna say those, but there is a list.


I think there was a woman named Judith grad in the nineties who kind of got on her, I don't wanna say got on her soapbox 'cause that indicates a bad thing. She, she got a campaign going to have the slurs removed, the Anti-Defamation League got involved. Hasbro eventually said, all right, we're gonna remove these words from the next edition of the dictionary. Booby, gringo, farted, honky whitey's, pissed fatso, redneck and wazoo. And Jerry, best of luck beeping all those out. It Should be pretty Easy. So yeah, so there were a lot of Scrabble players who were like, this is outrageous.


Who cares about offensiveness? And other people are like, Hmm, this is kind of society evolving in real time right here. So I guess Hasbro made a compromise. And they said, well how about this for tournament level? We'll keep the orig, we won't take these words out. We'll have a separate book called the Official Word List among players. It's called TWL 98. That's when it came out as 1998. But for everybody else. And that that, by the way, the TWL 1990 or 98 is just available to players association members. So it's not like available to general public. And then the other one, the, the the toned down version, that's the one that the public will be able to get their hands on.


Yeah. And that was in the early two thousands. And then in 2020 the official tournament removed a lot of those slurs that they previously allowed for tournament play. Right. And I also mentioned, you know, adding words over the past few years, they've added hundreds of words. Jedi subtweet, vax have been added. Bia as in BIA tacos has been added. Oh. And I discovered a new dish from this too. Chuck Cucumber usually spelled with a K, but apparently it's also okay to spell with a C. It's a Indian dish featuring cucumbers. Oh. It's like a fresh tomato, cucumber salad. Salad. And actually I should correct myself. I think it could be Indian, but it's also possibly like anatolian.


I'm not a hundred percent sure. Okay. But it sounds delicious. I'll send you the recipe. All right. Do it. They also had slang from time to time. Apparently I'm A-I-M-M-A as In I'm going to Like I'm about to do something. Right. You can, you can play that. Yeah, you could. You could also play yeet. Which, what is that? I don't know man. Okay. You know, I really feel like I've outed myself in the last couple episodes is Skip itty toilet buddy. Not the, not the edge Lord that people assume that I am Edge. Lord, there has been some cheating over the years. We'll talk about a couple of these incidences. Incidents. In 2011 there was a world Scrabble championship between a Thai player named Cholo Pot ETRE, and a British guy named Ed Martin because it was a missing G tile.


And there's a lot of versions of this story, apparently Time Magazine and some Scrabble websites say that ETRE called for Martin to be stripped searched for that G. And the tournament officials were like, N no, we're not gonna do that. We don't Wanna see That in mental floss. They said that, you know, they asked them to turn their pockets inside out and that eventually just escalated to like, Hey, maybe they hit it in their pants, they should be stripped searched. Maybe It's in their choked. God, That's why you strip search. Yeah. Is that, is that in this gravel dictionary, There's no way that it's not, as a matter of fact, you keep talking, you tell the story and I'm going to look it up.


And then what they eventually found out was that the missing G was in the pocket of another player from a previous game. And what I wanna know is like, who, who's running these tournaments? Like how are you not counting the letters before the game or cracking open a brand new Scrabble Seal factory sealed Scrabble? Like you gotta count those letters. You gotta make sure that's like playing chess without like a pawn and just being like, oh, it looks good to me. Yeah, it's nuts. It's also nuts just how, how many players do cheat in like high level tournaments? Like that kid? Yeah, there was a kid, he was 13, so he's unnamed as far as I can tell.


He was Playing, he's of age now. We should find him out and DX him. Right. He was playing down in Orlando at the Scrabble Nationals in 2012 and he got caught palming blank tiles and what a jerk. I don't know that we even mentioned what blank tiles are good for, but they, well, they can stand, they're like a wild card. They stand in for any letter that you want. Yeah. So they can really come in handy when you have like a bunch of letters, but you just can't quite connect them. That blank tile comes in there and you say, thanks blank tile. So If you have that, you have a huge advantage. So finally this kid was caught cheating, but this was on the heels of a year before when he won the $2,000 prize for winning.


Even though apparently statistically the percentage of blank tiles that he came up with a across the game or the games that he played throughout that tournament were, it just doesn't add up. But they let that win stand. But for 2012 he got booted. Yeah. They should have made that kid pay that money back with interest. Yeah, they should have. What else there, there was a, they had their own little Me too incident at one point too, didn't they? Yeah, there's a, I, I don't wanna say well-regarded, a well-known player named Sam Khi. And he is not just a player, he also has a side business of like custom equipment, like file holders boards.


Oh, okay. Timers is another one because in tournaments they, they use timers like chess. So he is got his whole line, he's like really integral to the, the current like Scrabble world, tournament world. Yeah. And for a long time, especially before Me Too came along, he just got away with it. Like the players association president would make a point of escorting women who went up to Kenna Matthew's hotel room to pick up equipment that they bought from her. Were buying from him. Like you just didn't go alone. Like it was an open secret. And then finally, like he just groped the wrong woman and Me Too came along and he, I think at least 15 named women came forward and put their story on the record about him.


And the, the response from the players association was essentially like, okay, don't do it again. Yeah. And he had already been banned for cheating. He palmed tiles too. Yeah, he was a national champion. Yeah. He palmed tiles too. He got suspended for four years for cheating, but for the allegations of sexual misconduct, it nothing, just a warning essentially. So that really ticked off a lot of people, especially high level women players too, who were like, you know what we ha we hold our own tournaments and he's not invited any longer. So yeah, he's kind of been ostracized, but I have the impression that he's still very much around Still making those, those custom racks.


Yeah. From what I can tell, By the way we live update, we did text John Hodgman just to find out, I was kind of curious about a couple of things about his highest Scrabble total ever. And if he and Catherine have a running record between them and he says, we have old notebooks full of score sheets, but we never go back and look at them. 'cause as we know, John Hodgman only looks forward. Time does not go backward. No. Nostalgia is a toxic impulse according to That's Right. Hodgman, we were both consistently in the 300 to three 50. Pretty good mode. Okay, that's, that sounds high to me. Yeah, same here. He said that's good enough to make me happy. He said we have both probably broken 400 a couple of times.


I remember words better than scores 25 years ago. I added STER to joke to make jokester on a triple word square while playing with some of my, with some friends of my parents. And I don't remember the points, but I was really proud of myself. I'll bet. I'll bet. Every once in a while you can peek in on Hodgman's sleeping and he is got a big smile on his face because he's dreaming about that. I love It. I have an A live update as well. Chode is not in the Scrabble. Oh really? Allowable word. Oh man, this, this opens up a whole new world of possibilities for the show. Live updates. Yeah. And Scrabble being the arbiter of what words we can and can't use now. Exactly. So Scrabble of course, has popped up in pop culture here or there.


Rosemary's baby, very famously used Mia. Pharaoh used, well, Rosemary uses Scrabble a bunch of Scrabble tiles to try to figure out that some suspected witches were actually witches by using the tiles to figure out anagrams. Yeah, same with sneakers. I couldn't find that, that clip. I saw That movie. I never saw the movie and I couldn't find the clip with the Scrabble. I just saw mention of it in a couple of places. Mm. I don't remember Scrabble. It was a long time ago. I love this one, Frank. Oh, Frank, the chairman of the board. Mr. Sinatra, in his version of the 12 Days of Christmas, added nine games of Scrabble. Yeah, that's right.


Which is actually Joe Piscopo doing Frank, Which that's all you need to do. Yeah, that's better than Frank, I think. And then Seinfeld and Calvin Hobbes both kind of famously had Scrabble made up high value Scrabble words in their shows in the first season of Seinfeld. I Don't remember who was it? Do you know Seinfeld's mom? Oh, okay. Played Quon, Q-U-O-N-E. And like Seinfeld calls her out on it. And it's not actually a word, but Kramer's like, yeah, quo. Whatever. But the, the biggest thing that stood out to me in this scene that I watched it today had the original dad.


Oh yeah. Yeah. He just did not work. Yeah. And then they brought in, God, I can't remember his name, but he was the dad and Arthur. Oh, was he the dad in Arthur? He was Liza Minnelli's father and Arthur. Yeah. Okay. He was, he was Morty Seinfeld. Yeah, totally. His First name's Barney I think. Oh God. I used to know his name. 'cause Arthur's, you know, one of my like top ever comedies And then Calvin and Hobbes, I think Calvin played ZQM or Z-Q-F-M-G-B and said it was a type of worms from New Guinea. That's funny. And then lastly, Chuck, we can't forget Scrabble led to Trivial Pursuit being created.


'cause remember they, they went and got a new Scrabble board and were like, how many Scrabble boards have we bought over the years? We should make our own game. Oh yeah, that's right. And that's it. Scrabble has not appeared in any other part of pop culture except for those things, right? That's right. You got anything else? No, Sir. All right. Well let's scrabble everybody. Thank you for finally doing it, Chuck. And since I thank Chuck for finally Relenting and giving in on doing an episode I've wanted to do for years and years and years. It's time for listener mail. Oh, you Hi guys. Or basically just the voices that live in my head permanently because I listen to you two all the time.


Nice. A while back, I have no idea where the idea came from. I wonder whether everyone sees concepts the same way in their head as I do. And started asking around, 'cause she's referencing like the inner dialogue app where people don't hear words, they see images. And Daisy says this, and this is very interesting. I think I noticed that for me, the calendar months of the year in my, my brain are arranged like This January, February, March, April, may, June, July, December, November, October, August. Wow. On the line below, like it's very important the way it's spaced out, I think. And it's not, it's also in dented. So December, November, October, August is on the line below and it and dented to about mid-February.


So going from left to right and then making a curve to continue from right to left. No need to point out how weird this is guys, because no calendar ever was drawn this way. However, this is how it is normal for me in my head. You can imagine the weird faces I got when asking this question enthusiastically to find out about other people's head calendars. Especially when I told them about mine. Anyway, all this to ask, when you picture a yearly calendar in your head, what does it look like Immediately? When I read that, the only thing that popped into my head was a like the back of a, of a, like a wall calendar you would get as a teenager where it had all, all of them listed. That's what I picture.


Oh, nice. So what are the, what are the monthly C centerfolds over the pictures of? I don't know, but I guess it would just be four. Four and four. Okay. That's how I pictured in my head. January, February, March, April. And then four more than four more in order. 'cause I'm not weird. I, I don't know. I'm trying to come up with it now and I don't really think I keep a calendar in my head. I'm just too like in the present, you know, like in the now. Yeah. Baby, sorry to let you down. Who is that? That is Daisy. And Daisy is from Belgium. Thanks Daisy. That's the problem. Well that she's from Belgium. There's your problem. Thanks a lot Daisy. That was wonderful.


I feel like also that somebody can make a t-shirt of like a, like the visual representation of the calendar in Daisy's head and it would be the most arcane deep cut Stuff You Should Know T-shirt of all time. Totally. Yeah. So If you wanna get in touch with us like Daisy did and share your mental whatever, we would love that. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member fd.


Do you know what's at the root of most oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis? Ding, ding, ding. You're right. It's bacteria. And the Colgate Total Active Prevention System is 15 times more effective at fighting that bacteria when used together. The system reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non-standard fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush. Take that mouth bacteria, be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.