Toyota (0s):
Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy-duty half-ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

Capital One (34s):
Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus, there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card, what's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com for details.

3 (59s):
Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A. Production of iHeartRadio

0 (1m 9s):
Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Puff Ball Chuck. And there's blow Ball. Jerry And. I like to call me Monk's Head. And this is Stuff You. Should Know. Did you get those references?

1 (1m 25s):
Sure.

0 (1m 25s):
Yeah. Okay. Well we should probably explain 'em to everybody else 'cause they probably think it's an n joke, but it's not at all. Number one, because we're about to share it with you. Number two, it's not really a joke. And number three, those are alternate names for dandelions.

1 (1m 40s):
That's right. And we are gonna be exalting the dandelion. Yeah. Probably say a lot of times how great we think it is.

0 (1m 48s):
Yeah. Sorry, If, you hate dandelions.

1 (1m 51s):
Yeah. How it's unfairly maligned. And we want to thank Sarah Andrews from Idaho. 'cause Sarah is a listener who sent this in.

0 (1m 59s):
Nice. Very nice. Thanks a lot, Sarah. Every time I hear Idaho, I'm reminded of that silly T-shirt that said Idaho. Idaho. Do you remember that one?

1 (2m 11s):
I never saw that one. What

0 (2m 13s):
Was that one? There was a company called like Dangerous t-shirts or something like that. And they had like, man, they were killing it with the, the crazy T-shirts for a while in like the early two thousands.

1 (2m 23s):
Was that like, instead of saying Coke, it would say, you know, poke

0 (2m 28s):
Or cocaine?

1 (2m 30s):
Yeah, yeah. That kind of thing.

0 (2m 31s):
Yeah. Kind of. Sometimes more original than that. But yeah, they were coveted for a little bit among people who liked incubus and stuff like that.

1 (2m 43s):
I couldn't name an Incubus song, so that's not me.

0 (2m 46s):
Okay. So let's get back to dandelions. I don't know how we ever get off track. It's kind of strange, but it happens from time to time. And, it just happened, Chuck. So let's stop it from happening right now.

1 (2m 57s):
Right. Because dandelions, as you will see, have had a long, rich history that we're gonna talk about in depth as a A medicinal plant. As an edible plant, as a wonderful pollinator And. it was recast as a villain, as a, as a weed to get rid of. But you need only look at the history of the dandelion, the fact that it was brought to North America by colonists to kind of underscore the fact that we wanted the dandelion here.

0 (3m 30s):
Right. And it's important to say that they brought it here on purpose. I, I saw somebody point out like this, it wasn't, it didn't hit your ride. It was like purposefully brought here. And the idea that dandelions suck is a really recent development, especially compared to how long people valued and prized dandelions. I just find that fascinating. Yeah,

1 (3m 53s):
For sure. This thing is about 30 million years old, native in sort of Atlantic Europe all the way to Siberia. And in the northern hemisphere you're gonna know a dandelion because between March and October you're gonna see these beautiful yellow flowers. You'll see some what's called a rosette, which are these very short level ground stems that grow in a circular pattern. And then these little slender green hollow stalks,

0 (4m 23s):
You know, two

1 (4m 24s):
To 20 inches. But usually, at least around here, the dandelions are, I dunno, like eight inches.

0 (4m 31s):
Yeah, that seems about right. That's my experience as well. Yeah. So one of the other really I impressive things about the dandelion is If. you look really closely at the flower. Each individual petal has a little, what becomes the, the part of the puff ball when the, when the flower seeds, it already is attached And, that thing is called the Pappas. And at the bottom of the pappas is the seed. And the pappas itself is like this, like parachute essentially that keeps the seed aloft and research into, I, I saw pape, but I like Pappas as the plural.

1 (5m 11s):
Ooh, I love Pappy.

0 (5m 13s):
So it's found that they're actually phenomenal at keeping the seeds aloft. Like they create a kind of vortex that until it was seen, when they started testing, Pappy was thought to be impossible.

1 (5m 30s):
Yeah. And that vortex not only makes it, you know, travel up and out and away in such a way that if it was shaped any differently, it wouldn't do that. But if that little thing lands on water, that same vortex is gonna form a little air bubble around it and protect it.

0 (5m 45s):
Yeah. One of my prize possessions is this dandelion puff ball in encased in resin. And it's like the real deal. And I've never understood how it worked, but it turns out that If, you actually take a dandelion puff ball and actually not just put water in it, but submerge it in water. The puff ball does not, it doesn't collapse. Isn't that nuts?

1 (6m 7s):
It's amazing.

0 (6m 8s):
I think so too. So that's just one of the many amazing things we're going to reveal today on Stuff You Should Know that,

1 (6m 17s):
Did I wander into the wrong show?

0 (6m 19s):
No. Well, we should tell everybody it's 10:00 AM and we usually record at once. So I'm a much different person at 10:00 AM

1 (6m 26s):
You're a news anchor, apparently.

0 (6m 29s):
Yeah.

1 (6m 30s):
So I mentioned yellow. They're not always yellow. They can be orange, they can be white, they can be kind of purpley peach. They open in the morning and close in the evening, which is given them the name the shepherd's clock. Mm. And they do that to preserve pollen and keep that pollen safe for the next day. Which also makes it, and this is one of my favorite words, a photo nasty.

0 (6m 53s):
Oh, that's a great word.

1 (6m 55s):
Yeah. Plants open and close with the setting and rising of the sun. Yeah. It's called photo nasty.

0 (7m 2s):
Huh? I saw a, like a time lapse. I actually, it wasn't a video, it was just a series of photos of the, of dandelion flower opening and closing over the course of the day. I found I ran across a word from researching this that I'd never heard before, that I absolutely love. Dandelions, like you said, are edible. They're used in cooking. They're culinary plant, which makes them a pot herb, one word, a pot herb. Yeah. And that. Awesome. What a great homey little like. I just imagine, you know, Hobbit using that word.

1 (7m 35s):
Yeah, Hobbit and my wife.

0 (7m 37s):
Oh, does she call 'em potters? You've heard that before?

1 (7m 39s):
Oh, yeah. Yeah. She's, I mean, makes sense. I told her, we were talking about dandelions today, and she was just like, oh, are you gonna talk about this, this, this, this, this, this. Right.

0 (7m 47s):
She's like, oh, the famous potter.

1 (7m 50s):
It's also another kind of clock, you know, I already mentioned the shepherd's clock because of opening and closing at, at the sunrise and sunset. But those little seed heads, they're called dandelion clocks, And. that is from the old, you know, you make a wish when you blow the dandelion and you scatter those seeds as sort of a, a long, rich childhood tradition. But apparently the number of puffs it takes to empty that thing is what time it is. So it can, I, I haven't tested this out. I don't know if, if this is rock solid science, but that's a sort of a thing.

0 (8m 22s):
Hmm. That's pretty neat. Yeah. And one other thing about those pappas and the seeds that are attached to them, there's a longstanding, I guess kind of urban legend or maybe rural legend that they can travel up to a hundred kilometers, 62 miles. Yeah. And. that that's not seem to be the case, even though you'll see that stat absolutely everywhere, including some legitimate places. But Kyle helped us with this, our British buddy, and he found that a 2003 study, which is the most recent you can find on this, is that just one in 7,000 Pappas travels more than one kilometer.

0 (9m 5s):
So just leave a hundred kilometers out of the whole equation.

1 (9m 9s):
Yeah. And Kyle told us that because he's from England, but for our North American listeners, we're talking 320 something feet. If it's a hundred kilometers and about three and a half feet for a meter.

0 (9m 21s):
Yeah. And apparently 99.5% of all pappas's land just within 30 feet of the parent plant, which is also 10 meters. So yes, If, you ever hear that a pappas can can travel a hundred kilometers? You can be like, that's wrong. What you just said is wrong.

1 (9m 39s):
I think like one did and they, they framed that. But maybe that's the one you have in Amber. Yeah.

0 (9m 44s):
It's like that first dollar bill you make as a business. You, you put it into Amber. Yeah.

1 (9m 49s):
There's also a cool adaptation where after they flower that little hollow stalk that the flower sits upon goes limp on the ground and is just sort of hiding there away from birds and stuff. And when they ripen up, they jump back up again and they're like, here we are.

0 (10m 5s):
That's pretty cool. I think so too. Do you want to take a break and come back and talk about where they got their name?

1 (10m 11s):
Let's do it.

Capital One (10m 23s):
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.

AT&T (10m 55s):
You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at and t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what, buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything. At and t

Squarespace (11m 58s):
Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit, apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's Right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind the paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access and you walk away whistling and happiness. That's right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain square space.

0 (13m 9s):
So Chuck Dandelion, I've never stopped and considered why it was called that, but it turns out that whole, that lion at the end is actually a, a giveaway for where the name came from. It's French for Lion's tooth Dent de Leon. Pretty neat. I love that. Yeah. The reason they call it that is it's a reference to the deeply serrated, jagged leaves. I guess somebody was like, that looks like a lion's tooth. And they lived in France and that's where they got the name dandelion.

1 (13m 38s):
Yeah. And it's also If, you look at the, the botanical name, it really gives a good indication of what it was being used for back then. The genus name is Taraxacum. and there are a couple of explanations here. I kinda like the second one. The first one is a Greek word for disorder, which is ataxia, but it's also could have come from Arabic for bitter herb, which is og. And then when you combine bitter herb with the species name, which is what, how would you say that? Afic?

0 (14m 10s):
Afic, I don't

1 (14m 11s):
Know. Afic alley. That is a word for monastery storeroom. So a bitter herb in a monastery storeroom basically is telling you, Hey, we use this plant in a very productive way.

0 (14m 25s):
Yeah. The whole disorder thing is totally insensible If. you ask me.

1 (14m 29s):
Yeah, I

0 (14m 29s):
Agree. So one of the other great things, so humans use dandelions as we'll see in a lot of different ways and have for a very long time. But the, the, our animal friends love dandelions too. Those flowers, even though they look kind of flimsy If, you think about it, they're rich in nectar packed with it. So bees, butterflies, basically any kind of pollinators love dandelions, like you said. The reason the the stalk falls to the ground after flowering and as the seed heads are developing, that's because birds love the little dandelion seeds. And one of the other things that's important about 'em too is they, they basically flower and seed almost around the, like the whole year depending on, on where you live.

0 (15m 19s):
So at times where there's not a lot of food sources for birds and pollinators, the dandelions there to kinda keep 'em going through the say, you know, late fall.

1 (15m 32s):
Yeah, yeah. And I think it's one of the, the first guys to get going in the spring too, right?

0 (15m 36s):
I believe so. Yep.

1 (15m 37s):
So we're gonna get more in detail about, you know, how it's been eaten, but well actually let's, let's save all that. Let's just, let's just tease it then and say it, it has long been eaten, is now being eaten again due to the sort of foraging movement happening in the culinary world. That's a great tease. I think that kind of kicked off in Covid when people are like, well I can't go to the store. What can I eat that's in my backyard?

0 (16m 2s):
I'll try dandelions. I've always wondered what they taste like. Bitter. So, yeah. Nice. So I think we said probably a couple times that people have been using dandelions for all sorts of reasons, not just as potters for a long time. One of the earlier mentions we can find was in the Arabic world, couple of physicians named Azis and Ena both wrote about some of the properties of dandelions and dandelion roots back in the 10th and 11th centuries. And most of what they were talking about was its use as a diuretic. And medicinally speaking, that's probably the most famous property that dandelions have, is they make you pee.

0 (16m 48s):
And in fact, there's a couple of names that refer to that, depending on where you are for dandelions that refer to the fact that they make you pee. Right?

1 (16m 56s):
Yeah, that's right. In France, they're called the, apparently more than they're called the Dly owned, they're called the pissin lit, which means, you know, pp in the night and a folk name in England is a piss of bed

0 (17m 9s):
For the same reason.

1 (17m 11s):
Yeah. And you know, apparently it's a, it's all the potassium in there that's gonna stimulate urination and you know, because of that, diuretics are, are used for a lot of things. And you know, medicinally now and historically If, you want to work something through your system and pee it out. Dandelions is a good way to make that happen.

0 (17m 30s):
Yeah. And very famously in the American Midwest, they're called pp weeds.

1 (17m 36s):
Aw,

0 (17m 37s):
That's, that's totally made up I should say.

1 (17m 40s):
Oh, that's not true either.

0 (17m 42s):
No, I just made it up.

1 (17m 43s):
Oh,

0 (17m 43s):
Okay. I got you. I got you back for the, what was the lateral gene transfer gospel group that you got me with?

1 (17m 52s):
Oh geez, I don't even remember now.

0 (17m 53s):
It was that,

1 (17m 55s):
But I've only gotten you once. The score is Josh 3000 Jump one.

0 (17m 60s):
Oh man.

1 (18m 1s):
There was a 16th century book too. What was the name of that one?

0 (18m 4s):
People call it Garden of Health because the full title of it is containing the sundry, rare and hidden virtues of all kinds of symbols and plants together with the manner of how they are used and applied in medicine for the health of man's body against diverse diseases and infirmities most common against men gathered by the long experience and industry of William Langham, practitioner of physics. That's the actual title of that book. Which is why there's like, yeah, we're just gonna call it Garden of Health.

1 (18m 36s):
I mean Garden of Health really says what that says.

0 (18m 38s):
I know he didn't need all that extra stuff. That's like the, the introduction. I think he put the introduction in the title.

1 (18m 44s):
Yeah, that's a little, did it say the end at the end?

0 (18m 46s):
Pretty much.

1 (18m 49s):
This is from, like I said, the 16th century And. it talked a lot about, you know, all kinds of things they thought it could help back then toothaches, fevers, depression, even baldness. But they also talked about growing it alongside other vegetables and herbs in the garden. And you duck up this kind of cool fact, it's ethylene gas that they release. So If, you actually grow dandelions or have dandelions growing near fruiting plants like tomatoes, they're gonna ripen faster.

0 (19m 15s):
Yeah. Isn't that neat? Super cool. Yeah. We're going to cover a lot of, actually pretty cool little benefits I guess that they provide. But let's keep going with the, the tradition of using them medicinally, shall we? Sure. There's a guy named John Gerard who wrote a book in the 1630s and he's like, Hey, I wanna contribute to this too. I've found that dandelions strengthens the weak stomach. And which is important because actually If, you use the roots of a dandelion, it's a, it contains a lot of inulin, which is a, an important prebiotic for gut health. So John Gerard wasn't just whistle and Dixie

1 (19m 55s):
No, not at all. It turns out they have more vitamin A than spinach, more vitamin C than tomatoes. They've got a ton. We already mentioned potassium, but also a lot of calcium. A lot of iron. And then a lot of words that I can barely pronounce that you found that it's packed with starting with flavonoids. That's the only one I had heard of.

0 (20m 16s):
It's, it has triterpenes, sesquiterpenes, phenolic acids, sterols and coumarins. And they bestow things like antibacterial, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory hepatoprotective and anti-tumor properties. And you dug up a lot of ways that they actually help health. Right?

1 (20m 35s):
Yeah. So I mean we can talk all day about like the ways that people thought it would help you back in the, you know, 16th century. But people might poo poo something like that. But there have been modern studies, I'll just give you a few examples. There was a study from 2015 in Canada that reported that dandelion extract can block ultraviolet UVB radiation. That's crazy when applied to the skin, it can also irritate the skin. So don't necessarily just like take dandelions in, like start rubbing them all over yourself at the pool. There was a 2 20 16 review of studies from a university in Denmark that suggests that dandelion extracts actually stimulates pancreatic cells to produce insulin so it could potentially help control blood sugar.

1 (21m 20s):
Right. And what about those was one on the liver too, right?

0 (21m 25s):
Yeah, I said it was hepatoprotective, which means it, it helps the liver and actually it goes in and like just kicks butt in your liver. It, it slows the progress progression of fibrosis, which is scarring of the liver and the extract actually inactivates the cells that cause fibrosis in the liver. And essentially your liver, as everybody knows it can regenerate itself once the, the dandelion extract has gone in and stopped the fibrosis, the liver can heal. So it's incredibly helpful with protecting the liver from damage. I mean that's nuts. It's almost like it was designed to do that for the liver. Yeah. It's that effective.

1 (22m 4s):
I do wanna mention the cancer one. 'cause Emily had a very funny, very Emily line. There was a 2020 man, why do I do that lately? 20 20 12. I did that,

0 (22m 15s):
I did that on Tuesday too. You do that a lot. Yeah. What

1 (22m 17s):
Is happening?

0 (22m 18s):
I

1 (22m 18s):
Don't know. It's a study from the University of Windsor in Canada about dandelion root extract can induce a apoptosis, which is cell death in pancreatic and prostate cancer in test tube. and there cells in the test tubes potentially preventing their spread. So this is something Emily knew and this morning she was like, yeah, it, it's so like modern American at the very least to take something that could actually help fight cancer and spray chemicals on it to kill it. Right. That cause cancer, right?

0 (22m 51s):
Yeah.

1 (22m 52s):
And she stormed out of the room.

0 (22m 53s):
Sometimes we have to learn the hard way, but it, it is, it is reassuring that things seem to be coming full circle. You know what I mean?

1 (22m 59s):
Yeah. I feel like people are getting a little more eyes open to stuff like that.

0 (23m 3s):
Yeah. They're getting on board the dandelion train. So one thing about those studies that you, you said like they're, they're, they're essentially confirming to our modern tastes what the Chinese knew all the way back in 6 59 ce. People like Nicholas Culpepper knew in the 18th century, all these people wrote about this stuff and just how effective it was. And then now science is going in and saying these people were right and here's how it is effective. I I think that's pretty cool. And yeah, in part because of that the dandelion is being rehabilitated. But first I think we need to mention, you said that it came by North America.

0 (23m 45s):
I piped up on purpose I think more than once even. I was so excited about that. And it's possible it was actually on the Mayflower. It arrived that early. And they think that because of plant migration, as we talked about before, the dandelion may have spread ahead of Europeans as they entered right. Further and further into the North American continent. And so Native Americans that they encountered may have already been using dandelions in some of their medicines.

1 (24m 14s):
Oh yeah, absolutely. They were drinking it in tonics. They were boiling it with fatty meats, which is sounds disgusting. It

0 (24m 21s):
It does,

1 (24m 23s):
It really does. Means,

0 (24m 24s):
Unless you're talking about something like collards with like ham hocks or something that, that sounds okay. But I, in this case, I, I imagine a, a pot of boiling water with a, a skin of fat just bubbling at the top and some dandelion leaves floating around in it.

1 (24m 41s):
And we'll talk about, you know, more ways you can eat it, but it's long been used in like cordials and beers like the dandelion root. You can, you know, grind it up and use it as like a coffee substitute, kinda like chicory. So you know, people were using it for medicine. They were using it for old kinds of folk remedies and foods and things. Largely because again, it was everywhere it grows in not very good soil, they can, it's considered a perennial 'cause they can live well. 'cause like you said, they're kind of growing year round, but they can live for more than 10 years. Yeah. If, you don't mess with them. Isn't that neat? And kill them. Yeah.

0 (25m 14s):
Yeah. I think that's pretty cool too. One of the other things I saw, there's a book called The Economical Housewife from the 1850s that it might be the first recipe for dandelion wine. And people still make that today. And it's actually super easy. You just take some dandelion flour, some water, eventually you add some sugar and some lemon. Let it sit for a couple of weeks, strain it out and then let it sit for another week and age. And you've got yourself some dandelion wine And. it sounds d deliciously easy or maybe easily delicious, one of the two. But I'd love to try it. Have you ever had dandelion wine or dandelion beer or anything like that?

1 (25m 52s):
No, not at all. I mean, it's definitely a thing. Ray Bradbury had a novel called Dandelion Wine from 1957. So it's something that's been enjoyed all over the world in France they use it. Sometimes they, they'll take the leaves and blanch them and spread them with bread and butter like it sounds like if there's not a a Brooklyn restaurant serving dandelion toast at this point. Yeah. Then what is happening in our world?

0 (26m 18s):
I don't know. It sounds like fairy toast, like the Australians love. Yeah. But with dandelion leaves instead.

1 (26m 25s):
Yeah. It's also, you know, just a salad, a salad green component. And like we said, it is very bitter but it's using all kinds of salads. Sometimes it's the only kinda leaf using in a salad. Sometimes it can be mixed in with other things. But in France they have one called the salad de piss and lits from that original name that's got bacon in it and dandelion leaves it just, you know, sounds pretty good to me.

0 (26m 50s):
Yeah, apparently that was a common dish during the Depression in America too because it was just cheap, you know.

1 (26m 58s):
Yeah,

0 (26m 59s):
And, it sounds delicious too. I say we take a break and we come back and talk about another surprising use of dandelion that I hadn't heard of until this, but you probably did because of Emily.

1 (27m 11s):
No, I delighted her with that fact as well. So we'll be right back.

Capital One (27m 28s):
Hey everyone we're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver card earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn and rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card, what's in your wallet terms, Apply See Capital One dot com for details.

AT&T (27m 53s):
You know friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones or laptops or wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at t and Comp dot delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at and t

Bombas (28m 56s):
Hey everybody wanna talk to you about Bombas because Bombas has the best socks for fall to start you off on the right foot and the left foot too. That's right. And you're going to want both wrapped in these absurdly comfortable socks. These aren't just your regular old fall colors either. They're actually playful and fun. They've even gotten new sweat wicking socks to keep you energized for those fall workouts. Or you know, just running after the kids as they head back to school. Yeah, and you know what, let's talk more about that comfort. Their Marino wool socks are so cushy, they're like walking on pillows plus Baba's underwear feel like nothing but still support everything. They even have new heavyweight cotton tees that are extra thick and soft perfect for layering season. and Of course the best thing about Bombas is that for every item you purchase, they donate one to someone experiencing housing insecurity. So are you ready to feel good and do good then? Head on over to Bombas dot com slash S yk and use code S ys K for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/s yk code S ys K at checkout.

1 (30m 13s):
All right, so Josh said that he hadn't heard of this cool fact. I hadn't heard of it. Emily hadn't heard of it. And, I think it may be the fact of the podcast, but dandelions are a source of natural rubber.

0 (30m 29s):
Pretty cool. I would full stop. I would take issue with that. I think it has to do with the vortices over the pappy or the fact that they're pot herbs. All right. This one, this one's good. It's up there. Maybe they're all tied for first. I don't know, but

1 (30m 44s):
Hey, that means we got a good topic. If there are several That's right. Competitors. Yeah.

0 (30m 48s):
And so not just any dandelion produces rubber or latex that can be turned into rubber spec. A specific type of dandelion. They figured out the Kazakh dandelion, which is native to the the Eurasian steps. How'd you like that? Yeah. It's also called the Russian dandelion here in the United States. That specific one puts out enough latex that it gave rubber trees a run for their money during World War ii. When, which we've talked about many times, America and Britain were like, we need more rubber for the war effort. And the Japanese control essentially all of the rubber supply, we're at war with the Japanese so we better come up with something else quick.

1 (31m 33s):
Yeah. So they literally started screening like thousands and thousands of plants. And then I guess they were like, Hey, if the, if the rubber tree can grow rubber, there's gotta be something else out there. The Soviets are the ones who said Try this Kazakh dandelion. Yeah, it's pre And because of shortages during the wars, they said Here, here's a bunch of seeds. And they sent a bunch of those Kazakh seeds, the Soviet allies at the time in the 1940s. And ultimately we used some of it Russians, Americans and Germans did produce rubber from dandelions. It's very hearty. It can be susceptible to disease though, depending on what kind of disease.

1 (32m 15s):
but it also grows everywhere and serves as a pollinator and it's doesn't deforest things. So the big problem though, And I know, everyone's like, oh my God, is this the miracle we've all been hoping for with rubber? It just doesn't yield as much as the Russian said it did. And so it's not economically viable as long as the real rubber tree is around.

0 (32m 36s):
They released some paper that that overstated how much rubber can be gotten from the dandelion 'cause they wanted to sound like big shots.

1 (32m 44s):
Yeah.

0 (32m 44s):
So the reason why we didn't just keep going with dandelion rubber research in trying to figure out how to increase yields is because in the meantime people figured out we could make synthetic rubber from petroleum. It was almost as good as natural rubber And. it certainly was a good enough substitute and we could just make batch after batch after batch rather than have to try to yield it from dandelions. So that fell to the wayside. And then by the time World War II ended, we had access to natural rubber supplies from the, from the southeast, Southeast Asia I should say. And so all that kind of put dandelion rubber on the back shelf. But in the what?

0 (33m 27s):
80, almost a hundred years. Geez. Since World War ii. I remember when that was like, just like that was firmly like 40 to 50 years in the past. And. it just keeps getting further and further away. It's really awful. But we, we've kind of figured out in the interim that synthetic rubber, it's useful, but there's nothing that can match natural rubber for like grip heat, dissipation, all sorts of other properties. So we're starting to go back to look at sources for natural rubber, including ones that are more sustainable than the rubber trees, which require you basically deforest and then plant the rubber trees to create a plantation with dandelions.

0 (34m 8s):
You don't have to do that stuff.

1 (34m 10s):
No. You got a big field. You can have dandelions and like I said, it grows in, it doesn't have to be great soil. Right? You can grow it hydroponically without soil at all. You can grow it in the air, which is aeroponically. It's, it's pretty amazing. And I think it's one of those things where like anytime you have a monoculture plant like that, like the rubber tree, it makes people a little bit nervous besides the deforestation. Like if anything ever happened, like some kind of weird blight and the rubber trees were just, you know, not a candidate anymore. You got dandelions kind of waiting on deck with their bat.

0 (34m 43s):
Right? So it's kinda surprising that it went from this really prized plant and so many ways to a hated weed, especially in Europe and the United States. And you hit upon why it became a hiated weed. You used the word monoculture and the largest monoculture here in the United States are people's lawns. And for part of the aesthetic of the lawn, you cannot have dandelions breaking up that perfect unbroken sea of green grass. You got a dandelion popping up. The whole thing's ruined. Basically. That's the way people think of dandelions in lawns these days. Or have since I know about the fifties essentially that

1 (35m 25s):
Beautiful yellow flower

0 (35m 27s):
Stomp it, right? Dig it up.

1 (35m 30s):
But yeah, that's what happened. And we've, we've gone over this before, but just sort of as a quick overview. This is the kind of thing that came over from England starting in the 17th century is when British aristocracy really started to get into these perfect sort of croquet, croquet playing lawns I guess is what you would call 'em. And then in America it was post World War II when suburbanization really took hold, lawnmowers really came into their own. Everyone was like, Hey, we've got these great new chemicals that'll kill everything except and make the grass grow really, really well. And it's, it's just modern and tidy and good looking And that really kind of transformed the United States.

1 (36m 18s):
You know, like keep up that lawn, make a perfect green lawn. If, you wanna keep your property value up everybody.

0 (36m 22s):
Right? That's a big one. And Kyle also dug up another reason too that once the Cold War rolled around, conformity was equated with safety. Yeah. So If, you weren't keeping your lawn trimmed like everybody else. What's going on with you? You're making me feel a little bit nervous 'cause you're not conforming. You must be a red spy hiding out in suburbia basically. Right. And I think that's a really important kind of overlooked driver for things like perfectly manicured lawns and everybody having the same kind of thing.

1 (36m 53s):
Yeah. And speaking of Driver, the other, I don't think we've ever mentioned contributor to this Oh nice. Was in the 1950s golf started being televised in 1957. You, you got golf on television for the first time and people look at Augusta National in these golf courses that were beautifully manicured and aesthetically pleasing to the eye and they were like, Hey I, I need to get some of that in my front yard. Maybe I can practice chipping some balls around in my front yard. Yeah.

0 (37m 23s):
Also if you're sitting there thinking like, wow, I really love hearing these guys talk about grasp, but I'd love to hear them have a dispute over it. You should go Listen to how our Grass Works episode. It's actually a pretty good one. It's a classic Stuff You Should Know episode.

1 (37m 37s):
It totally is. But anyway, all that preamble about, you know, us poo-pooing lawns and why America did that brought us to this, which is weeds became enemy number one and dandelions were maybe even near the top of that list.

0 (37m 53s):
Yeah. There's a lot of reasons why, for all the reasons that they're valuable, the pollinators and other kinds of plants, And that they can grow in marginal lands and basically everywhere is, it makes them an enemy as a weed if you're trying to create a monoculture lawn. Right. So they can regenerate from like a one inch section of root, which means that If, you cut a dandelion off at the, at even below ground level. It's like good, you know, good try pal. but it just sprouts right back up. You have to dig them up and even after you dig them up you might not get them. Because one of the things that I didn't know about dandelions is I knew they grew from a taproot. You have to get that taproot up or else that you're, it's just futile.

0 (38m 36s):
Yeah. But that taproot can grow depending on the age of the dandelion over a dozen feet meters. Yeah. Four meters into the ground meters. Yeah. And that makes it really hard to get rid of. And so if you're like a groundskeeper for a golf course or something like that, you have to really keep up with the dandelions 'cause they'll spread really fast and they're really hard to get rid of once you do start trying to get rid of them.

1 (39m 3s):
Yeah, for sure. And oh, I gotta to say this last fact from Kyle because it goes back to the lawns, but this really kind of drives it home of, of about how not great a perfect green lawn is for our society. There was a study in 2005 residential lawns in the United States make up 2% of the land but require more irrigation than any domestic agricultural crop.

0 (39m 27s):
I've got, I've got one to piggyback on that. Let's hear it. The, the US Fish and Wildlife Service says that homeowners use up to 10 times more pesticides per acre than farmers use on their crops. So we're using this stuff, overusing it and we're using it on stuff that's not productive land just to keep up with the Joneses so they don't think we're communist spies.

1 (39m 50s):
Yeah. You know, I walk Gibson in the mornings and there are the only lawns that he ever like rubs his face in are the, the most perfect green ones. And. I know that it's because they have recently been sprayed and he's smells it and is trying to rub all in that stuff. And, it drives me bonkers.

0 (40m 10s):
Yeah. I, it's, it's a, like I would love to just let my lawn And I you, me too. Just go to like wildflowers, go to weeds, you know, just mow it, you keep it mowed but at a higher height. But yeah, you just let this stuff grow and we would be completely, we would stick out like a sore thumb from the rest of the neighborhood. So much of their neighbors would be mad at us. That's how, that's how entrenched the idea of having a perfect lawn is still in the United States depending on where you live.

1 (40m 41s):
Yeah, for sure. And like no one around there even does like permaculture and you other, other options besides just letting it grow wild and crazy. No,

0 (40m 50s):
It's, it's nuts. So we definitely draw a line. So we're like, okay, we'll keep up with the lawn but don't touch the, you know, the shrubbery, the perennials, the garden essentially. Right. But people will hire the same company to like treat their lawn with chemicals to spray their bushes and spray their gardens with chemicals to kill off the bugs. And then they have to go in and try to recreate the stuff that the bugs are doing for free, the services they're providing because you've killed off the bugs. It's, it's insane to me. So we definitely don't, don't, we don't caught into that.

1 (41m 27s):
Yeah. There was, speaking of bugs, there was a scientific, scientific review in 2019 that found that the global massive insects is falling at a rate of about two and a half percent per year. And dandelions is a high high on the list of pollinators. Yeah. Caterpillars love munching on 'em. Moths loves munching on 'em and all those bees and butterflies love doing their thing on them. So even, you know, I'm not trying to to shame people, but let's say you do like your lawn and everything, even waiting in the spring like longer to cut it, even cutting it higher, letting the dandelions grow up a little bit right before you start Yeah. Whacking 'em down. Even that minimal amount will help out a little bit.

0 (42m 9s):
What's interesting is a nonchemical way I saw to treat your turf grass for dandelions is to let your grass grow longer than you have been like cutting it at a, a higher mower height. Yeah. 'cause as we talked about, dandelion leaves are so low growing that the grass will shade out and outcompete the dandelions. So If, you really do wanna get rid of dandelions but you don't wanna use chemicals. There's, that's a pretty good way to do it from what I've seen.

1 (42m 35s):
Yeah, totally. Some states have actual programs. There's one in Minnesota called Lawns to Legumes, which is a great title. They launched that in 2019 where they just basically incentivize pe incentivize people to say, get rid of that lawn, put in flowering plants, put in beds. You can have a rebate If, you have a, a pollinator friendly native wildflower scene at your house.

0 (42m 60s):
Yeah. I didn't look up the amount, but I would guess at, at a minimum the rebate is worth a million dollars. Right. That'd be my, my guess. You think so? There's a couple other things that I found that dandelions, I don't know If you looked at it or not, that they, they kind of provide services to the, the plants growing around them, including grass. Yeah. 'cause as we mentioned, those tap roots, they grow really deep and as they're growing deep, they're actually accessing nutrients that other plants around them, again, including grass, the roots of those plants can't reach 'cause it's too deep And. it brings those nutrients up toward the surface and as the dandelion dies off, the other plants get to get to eat those nutrients that they otherwise wouldn't have had access to.

0 (43m 51s):
And those same roots also aerate and loose and compacted dirt too, which makes it easier for the plants around the dandelions to grow.

1 (43m 59s):
Amazing. Is

0 (44m 0s):
There anything dandelions can't do?

1 (44m 5s):
I don't know. I mean they, they're not super fragrant.

0 (44m 10s):
No, that's true. They're pretty much useless in that sense. But

1 (44m 13s):
They can grant a child a wish.

0 (44m 15s):
They sure can, man. They sure can. I remember doing that so many times. I keep trying to do that with my dandelion puff head in resin and it's not working.

1 (44m 26s):
I don't have anything else though. I'm kinda looking over the list here. I know we were kind of all over the place, but it's just sort of one of those episodes where it's like, well here's a list of a hundred amazing things. And so sometimes those are a little tougher to organize.

0 (44m 38s):
Yeah. But they're, they can be pretty fun too. I had fun at least. How about you? Yeah, I

1 (44m 41s):
Did too. And, that rubber thing. Are you kidding me?

0 (44m 44s):
No. Since neither one of us has anything else about dandelions and we're gonna call it quits on this episode, which means we've just activated listener mail,

Cooperative for Education (44m 55s):
You know, no listener mail today. 'cause what we're gonna do is something we haven't done in, in a while is help support and bring some attention to a great cause. Our friends from the Cooperative for Education, AKA co-Ed whose mission it is to break the cycle of poverty and Guatemala through education. And we've been working with them for 15 years and we got a new thing coming up with 'em. Right? Yes we do. So first, let me just explain over $1.3 million in contributions have been made to co-ed thanks to Wow. Our partnership with them at Stuff You Should Know for 15 years. That's that's really good. If you ask me. That's incredible. Which means that 160 kids have been given like a huge leg up to escape poverty and create like break intergenerational poverty and create literally like a new life for their entire family from that point on. That's right. You know, we went down there I guess 15 years ago when they invited us very early on in Stuff You Should Know is Cannon. Yeah. In our history. And we went down to Guatemala and those shows. We did some shows on that, that trip. And that visit, we get to actually hear Jerry speak, which is pretty exciting. Yeah. And they're just great. They, we've been working with them ever since. And the fact that the stuff you should Army has raised 1.3 million bucks for them over the past 15 years is gonna be a real proud part of our legacy. But we have a call to action, right? Yes. So you can join, we're starting a drive essentially right now. That's right. You can join the cooperative, which is a program of theirs for $20 a month. And it, you'll collectively sponsor a bunch of students in the Rise Youth Development program, right? That's right. And so it's gonna get spread out. You're gonna be helping a bunch of kids at once so you can feel good like five times over with each, each monthly donation. And then in 2025 more than 1100 students will be able to start school in rural Guatemala, which will be their biggest class ever. They need help to make that happen. Which is why we're saying join the cooperative. That's right. And as an incentive, if this is for you If, you set up your gift by Tuesday, December 3rd, then you are signed up for a chance to do a virtual hangout with Josh And. I. We do this every year around the same time. It's always a lot of fun. We hang out with, I don't know, six or eight people all over the country and they get to just, you know, ask us questions and tell us that we're cool or dumb or whatever. It's your chance to really hand it to us if that's what you're after, right? Yeah. Hopefully don't do that. But Sure. I mean, I guess if you've given to coed and you deserve to do whatever you want to Us. That's right. So just go to cooperative for education.org. That's the word cooperative. FOR education.org/sys k. And start giving now it a little bit goes a long way down there.

0 (47m 42s):
Yes. And in the meantime, while you're looking up cooperative for education.org/syk, you can also send us an email, send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.

3 (47m 57s):
Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.

Ohio (48m 13s):
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

Toyota (48m 43s):
Hey friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

Magic in the United States Podcast (49m 18s):
Join hundreds of brands achieving up to 55% productivity gains with CINT meet, CINT flow and enterprise ready AI platform. Redefining collaboration in the digital age flow partners with you to automate tasks, generate high quality code and streamline development with hyper efficiency. Navigate AI driven change confidently. Combining technology and human ingenuity. Backed by 30 years of tech transformation expertise, CI INT is ready to help. Schedule your Gen AI strategy meeting through cit.com/meet flow.