
Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And it's just the three of us Rampage in Away in Podcast Land. That's Stuff You, Should Know. In case you didn't know Well. Before we get started, I think we should mention that there are still tickets available for our shows coming up very soon in Chicago on August 7th and Minneapolis on August 8th. Yeah, it's gonna be pretty great. We're going to be at the auditorium in Chicago and we're gonna be at the State theater in Minneapolis.


and there are tickets left and you can come see us. It's a great show. We've gotten great feedback so far. Only like two people have been like, that sucked. Everybody else is like, that was pretty great. You can go to Stuff You Should Know dot com and click on the tour page, tour button, and you can also go to Link Tree slash ssk Live. And both of those places will take you to sites where you can buy legitimate tickets to come see us. Yeah, and those are both great cities for us. We love going to Chicago and Minneapolis. I know it's been a little while for Minneapolis, but we've had always had great shows there. Yeah. And we're not promoting Indianapolis because Indianapolis sold out, so we'll see them as well. But you can't come in If.


you haven't already bought your tickets. I'm sorry. Yeah, well, you know, it's a, it's a Midwestern themed show, so sort of Chicago adjacent, really Indianapolis adjacent, so they got on it. They want to hear about their people. That's right. So yeah, come see us at the beginning of August, you guys All right. Back to it. Right? Good one. Oh, you think so? Yeah. Okay, thanks. I appreciate you letting us do this one first, because like I just announced to you. Yeah, I just watched the documentary on this topic. Tread Tread directed by Paul Sole.


Unless it's Sole, who knows, I'm going with Sole. Did you watch it? Yes, I have actually. I've seen it. I saw a few years back. I haven't se I didn't watch it recently for this For some reason, I think we covered this in like a video or something, like how do I know about this? It was pretty big news and I mean, it's become an internet legend. Yeah, maybe we did do like an internet roundup on it or something like that on the 10th anniversary maybe. I don't know. Yeah, that feels about right. Yeah. but I guess we should say what we're talking about a Sure. Oh, I'll do that then. Okay. So for those of you who don't know, we're talking about an event that took place in 2004 in a little town called Granby, Colorado, about 50 miles west of Denver population.


2000 ish I think at the time. It's a small town. Yeah. But it wasn't, you know, an economically depressed town. It's like 16 miles away from the entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park. There's skiing around there, so there's tourists, there's also rural ranchers that come in to shop in Granby. It's fine. It's just a cute quaint small mountain town. Like South Park basically. That's right. And it remained that way until June 4th, 2004 when a, a lot of this town was destroyed by a man in a bulldozer that was, that had ended up being dubbed later on as the killdozer and we'll get to that later.


Right. But it was a muffler shop owner, a 52-year-old, 2-year-old guy named Marvin Meyer, Marv Meyer. And he had beefs with the town, he had beefs with people in the town and we're gonna go over all that stuff. So he built or modified rather, a gigantic bulldozer into basically a tank. Yeah. And destroyed the places of the people he had beefs with and more. Yeah, I left all that out of my introduction, so I'm glad you filled it in. Yeah, you said it was like a tank essentially in some ways as we'll see it, it was actually superior to a tank. It was crazy what this guy built And If, you have the time and you're not driving right now.


Just go look up Killdozer and get a load of, of this modified bulldozer that Marv Meyer created. So Chuck, I say let's just dive in. That was a pretty good little setup. Let's talk about Marv Meyer and who he was. He was known around town as Marv the Muffler man, right? That's right. Because he owned a muffler shop previous to that he was in the Air Force, served in the Air Force, was stationed in Colorado at Lowry Air Force Base, liked Colorado, decided to to literally set up shop there. And this is when the early nineties he moved to Grand Lake near Granby and you know, pretty soon he got, he, he started getting his feathers ruffled and ruffling feathers in the town kind of right away.


It seems like starting with having a beef against the local newspaper, the Sky High News. Yeah. So they introduced the concept of legalized gambling in Grand Lake, which is pretty near grand be, and the, the town was very evenly divided on it. The local newspaper, the Sky High News or one of the local newspapers is another one in Grand Lake, came out very heavily against legalized gambling. Marv was very heavily in favor of gambling. So much so that he edited, I think two editions of a newspaper that was created just to tout the, the benefits of legalized gambling.


And so he lost like the, I think they voted in the area, they voted four to one against legalizing gambling and it was a, a bitter defeat I think to Marv. He seemed like the kind of person who did not accept defeat very well and that it, it just triggered stewing in him. Yeah, that's fair to say. I think, and that was in 1992, that same year is when he bought some property that would be sort of at the center of his next dispute. It was a couple of acres in Western Granby. He bought it at, at public auction and foreclosure for a little more than 40 grand, which turned out to be a great deal. The guy had a really good knack for finding good deals on stuff.


Yeah. What's funny that you remember the savings and loan scandal. Yeah. He actually bought it from the FDIC because it was a failed savings and loan bank in town. Yeah. Including that big bulldozer that he would end up getting a great deal on. So that was A savings and loan bulldozer. He had a nose for a deal. Yeah. So he ended up setting up his mountain view muffler shop. There was apparently a great welder stuff that he, he brought into the Air Force, it seems like was just really good on machines and motors and engines and welding, and worked for a muffler shop for many years. And finally was like, I, I'm gonna open up my own shop as this is happening, there's another local family, and this is one of the two, two main families that he had beefs with the, the Dochev family in particular, the patriarch I guess, of that family.


Cody Doche with his wife Susie and their son Joe had a concrete factory and they were trying to expand this factory. So they bought up a, they, they wanted this property that Marv had bought. They bought up a bunch of land around it, still needed more space and tried to buy Mar's parcel from him that he paid $42,000 for. And initially they had an agreement for 250 grand, which would've been a, a really nice take on that, on that land deal for Marv. It would've for sure. And apparently the DO chips were at that, that auction that Marv bought it at and he outbid them.


So yeah, they were very interested in this parcel of land. He agreed to that $250,000 deal later on. I think that was eight years later. So that is a pretty significant increase in your investment. And then, but he changed his mind. He, he decided that the land was worth more than 250 grand. Apparently he kept getting appraisals on it, so it's not like he was just saying like, no, it's worth a billion dollars. Right. He supposedly got appraisals and was like, this land is worth more than 250 grand now. So he said, he said he backed out of the deal. I don't know how much, how far the deal had gotten, but he definitely backed out of a, an agreement to sell it for 250 grand.


Yeah. He ended up asking 400 the DO chefs came up with three 50 and he said, now I want four 50 again. He said, because of another reappraisal. I don't, I'm not sure about all that stuff. Like, I mean, I'm, I'm just basing off kind of what I saw in the documentary and research. I didn't see any appraisals or anything. So I don't know if Marv was just like jacking this thing up or not, who knows. But while this is, is happening, at least, you know, one of the things we have left to kind of piece this all together is the series of audio tapes that he made on cassette Right. That he mailed to his brother. So the documentary features a lot of those, you know, just firsthand accounts from Marv detailing what's going on.


And one of the things he just, he didn't like the doche. He said that Cody Doche and, and I guess this was after he had backed out of, I'm not sure if it was after he backed out or not, but Cody Doche at one point basically accosted him in a restaurant and that was one of their first exchanges about this. And Cody Dochev was known as a real hothead in town. And Marv, you should hear the words that he calls him on those audio tapes. He did not like this guy. Right. That appraisal thing, that's a really good example of the, the, the, the squishyness I guess of this story. It's really difficult to pin down because Yeah. Was he just jacking the price up?


'cause he didn't like the dough chefs. Did he really think that the land was worth that? Did he really get appraisals? You don't know. But that kind of thing completely changes the complexion of it. If he was getting appraisals and he, the do chefs wouldn't pay the appraised value, that's pretty reasonable. If he was lying about the appraisals and he was just jacking the price up on the do chefs, that kind of makes 'em look like a jerk. And so that just something that small can make a story like this totally do a 180. And this story is filled with those little kind of details that have either gotten overlooked, added or blown out of proportion. Yeah, absolutely. So they, the do chefs end up buying some other land, a business park, and they said, Hey, you give us your, the land where your muffler shop is and we'll give you the prime lot that's right on the highway, this frontage land where your muffler shop's gonna do a lot better, get a lot more attention.


And he said, all right, I'll take that deal, but you gotta build this muffler shop for me. And that a really expensive one, a really kind of high-end muffler shop I guess. Right. 'cause that brought it up to about a million bucks. And they said, no, you know, too far, we're gonna Pay off for that muffler shop. Boy, how long were you waiting on that one? A good 30 seconds. Oh boy. I hope that most people get that one. At least it Doesn't matter as long as you got it friend. Oh, I got it. So they said no deal. And he said, all right then you basically started a war with me and I'm gonna, I'm gonna do everything I can to fight the city to make sure that you're not able to open up that cement factory that you want to open up.


And apparently got a lot of people on a side. There was a lot of opposition in the town that backed to Marv against this expansion of the cement factory or concrete factory. Yeah. So I, what I don't understand is, was there opposition before Marv started this kind of grassroots campaign against it? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So he didn't just drum that up outta thin air. Like not everybody was happy about a concrete batch creating plant. Like this is almost in downtown Granby. Yeah. There was opposition, but I, it seems like he really fueled the fire against it. Okay. Yeah. So now you have war between essentially what amounts to two hotheads who are neighbors. And a concrete plan is not like a, a a, a tidy quiet neighbor to be next to.


Right. So I'm sure that every sound and every clank and every bit of like dust that blew his weight just made him less and less happy. And I guess, I don't know. Also If, you said that he, they were buying up the land around him. So ultimately his muffler shop was the only little piece of parcel left. And they were literally building a concrete plant around his muffler shop. And one of the things If, you, if somebody tells you this, they don't know what they're talking about. And stop listening to them about this. If they tell you that when the do chefs bought the land up around him, that they cut off access from the road to Mars muffler shop basically created an island legally out of his muffler shop.


That's wrong. That's not correct. He always had access and everyone always had access in and out of his muffler shop. That's a really big point that a lot of people basically say, see the guy had no choice. He couldn't, he, he couldn't run a business like that. And that's just not true. Yeah, that is not true. But that's something you see a lot online. So thanks for clearing that up. You got anything else? What else you want me to clear up? I got a pimple on my shoulder here Up. No, take care of that. No. Why did you say that? Oh, I don't, I don't get pimples. So Marv is, he's got another problem that's also brewing. So you've got this, this problem with the do chefs, then you have the second issue with the sewer line in order.


Hi, his property wasn't hooked up to a sewer line. You've gotta get hooked up to a sewer line if you're gonna be in compliance. They kinda looked the other way for many, many years when he didn't because it was, you know, small town western Colorado. It was sort of the wild west and people would just sort of turn a blind eye if someone was making do on their own, which he was doing. Right. But he also didn't have a septic tank. Yeah. So he started dumping sewage into his concrete mixer or concrete mixing tank, big violation. Then when that filled up, he started pumping it into the irrigation ditch on the property.


All he had to do was pay a little bit of money at one point to hook up to some neighboring sewer lines. But he basically thought, that's Big Government. That's the town hold. Yeah, that's the town holding me over a barrel. You shouldn't have a, a resident or a business have to pay for their own sewer line, which is a public utility. Okay. So I don't know, like the town overlooked this for a good decade, maybe 12 years, something like that, that he was pooping and peeing I guess into a bucket or something and dumping it into a cement mixer. Even if it had a line to the cement mixer. Yes. That's a huge health code violation.


Right. So when that concrete plant was built, they ran a sewer line to it. Right. And that made it way easier and way less expensive for Marv Meyer to connect his muffler shop to that sewer line that's now being run from the road to this concrete plant next door than it would to have this, the city run it from the road to just his muffler shop. The problem was, this was the Dochev sewer line and it was on their land and for him to tap into it, he needed to pay them. So they came back with an offer. They said, look man, If, you drop all these lawsuits and all this campaign against us.


We will, we will let you, we'll give you an easement, a maintenance easement to connect to our sewer line from your muffler shop free of charge. That will be your little strip of land onto our land connecting your muffler shop to the main line. You'll be in compliance. We won't have this lawsuit against us anymore and we'll just call it a day. And I don't believe Marv ever made good on that. No, he, he, he didn't want to do it. He was done with him by that point, basically. So he was like, screw this, I'm not hooking up to your sewer line. I'm not paying the, the maybe as high as 80 grand to run the 400 feet to the main sewer line.


And so he wanted to sell the place. He was like, I'm getting out, I'm getting out of this muffler shop and I'm gonna move. And the town then said, well hey, now that we know about all this, you can't even sell this thing without a sewer line. So all of a sudden he was caught between a rock and a hard place there with this sewer connection. He refuses to do it. He ends up being fined a hundred dollars a day because of the sewage issue and other violations that were going on, like more than 3,300 bucks. When he wrote the check to the town, he put in the memo, it's for the cowards and liars department. So this is kind of where things were.


This guy is fighting back against the town. He's fighting against these people. Whether or not you think it's fair that you have to pay for your own sewer line or not. It's, it's the way it was. They weren't singling him out to try and like screw him over or anything. That was just how it works. I mean, I've had to replace sewer lines and it, it stinks. It's, it's the worst thing to have to pay for. It stinks literally and figuratively As a homeowner. It wrecks your yard it or your property. It wrecks it. It just, it's, it's awful. 'cause it's not, it's just, it's expensive. Have you ever had to do it? It just, no. Luckily you hate writing that check. Let me knock on wood here.


Okay. I've Had to do it a couple of times. It's awful. In the meantime, we need to introduce another family because he ended up having two beefs with two prominent families, the Doche and then the Thompson family who were, had been there forever, thereby owned tons and tons of the land in the town. A guy named the, the elder Dick Thompson was on the county board and then became mayor for a while back when he was going through all this stuff in the nineties. And then he passed away and he took up this beef with his two sons basically saying like, you owe me money because of all this stuff that your dad and the town board made me go through. Right. One thing that I couldn't find and I I I, it's one of those things that could change the complexion of the whole story is at what point did the sewer thing that the city overlooked for a decade or so become a thing?


you know, was it connected to the concrete plant? I, I don't know. It's just, I dunno. It's just something that sticks out to me. Yeah. So I guess what he did ultimately was he, he shut down his muffler shop in 2002 and he held an auction. He auctioned off all of his equipment. He sold his property to a local trash company for 400,000, which I think what the highest he had asked the duffs for for it. But he said, I wanna lease a, this big old metal shed in the back. I gotta keep a place to keep my bulldozer because it's basically the only thing that no one bought in the auction of my stuff. So I'm just gonna keep it back here and this'll be my little workshop. That's part of the deal. And they shook on it.


And that's the setup starting around 2002. Yeah. And I'm also not sure how he was able to sell that stu or sell it, given that he didn't put it in the sewer line because in the documentary they said the, the new owners, this trash company, like within 48 hours had the sewer line hooked Up. I mean I think the city was like, whoever, like this thing can't change hands without somebody agreeing that they're going to put a sewer Oh that sewer line. And that's what I think you could probably work that into a legal document. Probably. So should we take a break? Yeah, we'll take a break and go find out. Alright, we'll be right back after this with Maura on The KILLDOZER Rampage


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah. Well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your Homework@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of FINRA with award-winning customer support. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


All right, so remember Marv Meyer has gotten out of the muffler business, but he's known around town as a, an excellent welder. I mean just a superior welder. And when he leased that little maintenance shed, well probably not mate little, but when he leased the big maintenance shed in the back of the property that he had sold to the trash company, he used it to modify the bulldozer that would later become the killdozer to start out with. It was a 60 ton Komatsu D 3 55 a bulldozer. Right. And I mean, just as it came out of the package, it was 60 tons. This guy added at least another 20 tons of reinforcement to it.


Yeah, it was, it's not like a a little front loader that, you know, your landscape person has brought over. If you've ever had your yard done or something like that. Dingo. Dingo. This is, this was a very, very, very large bulldozer, which you can tell in when you see footage when there are other bulldozers trying to stop it. And this Komatsu is, is clearly, clearly larger. Right. So he buys this thing at auction in California, has it shipped in July, 2002. And starting at the beginning of 2003, he, and this is one of the craziest parts of this whole story to me, is that this wasn't a guy that got mad and like had a plan and it sort of fizzles out after a week or two when you're like, all right, well, you know, maybe I'll just watch the Broncos game and let cooler heads prevail.


Right? Like he spent a year dedicated to this project with this idea like planning this thing and equipping this thing. He set up a a cotton, a blanket and had a fridge. He was basically living in this shed basically full time working on this thing at night. So the people, you know, this company that bought it, this trash company, they're all around the place, right? Like an, an insurance adjuster came to inspect the shed because it was on the property of the trash company. He had it behind a tarp and made up some story about how he was working on some equipment for like air conditioning for some professor. And like no one ever looked behind it.


It fit by an inch on either side. And he thought this was all God telling him all these little things that happened that where he didn't get caught beforehand, he thought was God saying this is your mission. Right. Marv, he Meyer is a great example of why we need wives. Right? Well he had a girlfriend for a long time and she was all over the documentary. It sounded like she was Australian or from New Zealand maybe, but Trisha McDonald. It was. Yeah. That was, that was kind of one of the sadder parts is that she seemed like she really liked him and she was like, I kind of had no idea that he was that angry and it was going this far. Yeah, I i, if I remember correctly, she had a little bit of self blame maybe going on or at least wondering how things could have turned out differently.


Well I think their breakup beforehand might have been one of the last straws too. And so she may have like, felt bad about That. Oh, that's another one too. So in addition to his, his muffler shot being completely cut off from access to the main road, he also caught his fiance in bed with another man. It's another dumb thing you'll find on the internet from people who don't know what they're talking about too. Oh, Is that a Thing that's usually chalked up to explaining him snapping? Oh, one thing I did forget to mention is that 400 grand he got, he was, i I guess savvy enough to know that they could come after that money afterward. Yeah. To help give people, so he, while his father was still alive, his dad died shortly before, which was another last straw apparently.


But he had given the money to his father who then gave the money to his sister and brother. So it was like two people removed and un untouchable I guess. Oh wow. Yeah. That is pretty savvy. Yeah. So he's got this killdozer that he is putting together. Let's talk a little bit about that. Like I said, it was a 60 ton bulldozer, just a big, big boy. But on top of that he took sheets of steel and separated them by about 12 inches and poured concrete in the, in the space between the two. So he made 12 inch on either side 12 inches of steel with concrete in the middle plates that he created essentially a super structure that he later, before his rampage, right before his rampage lowered on top of the Komatsu itself.


Yeah. Sealing him in there. He also had gun ports. He had a 50 cal rifle, which is If. you just look up what a 50 caliber round looks like. It's, it's very large and destructive. A 3 0 8 semi-automatic and then a 22 long rifle. He also had a, a 3 57 revolver inside and he had five video cameras mounted on the outside, feeding three monitors on the inside. And these camera lenses were protected by three inch lexan bulletproof plastic basically. So the, the small little tiny ports that were even on this thing where, 'cause they tried eventually shooting into these were only like two by three inches.


Right. So even these sharp shooters were having a hard time getting a bullet in there. And even if they did, it wasn't, it was not effective anyway. Yeah. There were so many layers of this plastic bulletproof, like cladding I guess that like, even if they broke some of the layers, there was still more layers to go through. It was nuts. But there's something I want, want everybody to make note of. He put in those three gun ports, like you said, it's really important. 'cause one of the things that a lot of people use to defend Marv is that he, he was, all he wanted was property destruction. That's all he was intent on. And there's no way to explain away those three gun ports.


Otherwise they don't jive with that narrative at all. And that certainly changes the complexion of things too. Oh absolutely. Yeah. As far as like folk hero who just wanted to, to wreck the business, who wrecked his Yeah. You don't go in there with the 50 cal. No. And I mean you can, he didn't even need to defend himself. They couldn't get through this, this, the, the plating the cladding. And even if he did need to defend himself, he certainly didn't need three guns. So there was basically no reason for those guns to be there aside from shooting people. Yeah, absolutely. They would later, obviously he, like I said, he mailed those tapes to his brother right before the attack.


They ended up finding a list afterward with sort of like a hit list for the buildings he wanted to wreck. Obviously the, the Dochev and the Thompsons were on that list as was the church in town, the Catholic church. That is because on the tapes he was, or at least in this one part, he was very anti-Catholic called Catholics cowards. And the Thompsons were Catholic and that was one of his big beasts. I gotcha. So again, that dozer manifesto, they make amazing use of his actual tapes to let him just kind of present himself. Yeah. And like you said, that he apparently believed that God was at the very least looking the other way and kind of tacitly, condoning this mission, if not, you know, blessing the mission by all those ways that you had said, like people overlooking the dozer, the fact that that the dozer was the one thing that he wasn't able to sell at auction.


He even said that God told him to take, take the winner off, put this whole thing off for a year essentially. And he did, he also went on at length about the, the town that he was dealing with and gave his side of the story quite clearly. Yeah. And he said that they used mafia type tactic tactics against him. And there's this line from his tapes that this is like the people who consider him a folk hero point to it Said, or he said, I was always willing to be reasonable until I had to be unreasonable. Sometimes reasonable men must do unreasonable things and it's a just a Sweepy thing to say.


'cause it completely explains away everything he does after that point. And it completely gives him him an alibi up to that point. He's saying, I know what I'm doing, wrecking the town. That's an unreasonable thing. but I have every reason to do this. I have a very reasonable reason to do this very unreasonable thing. It's really, it's a, it's a very, I don't know, I i it's just nuts how well it encapsulates everything. It just kind of lets him off the hook. Yeah, totally. He had also been hassling the paper for not covering his, his story. Like, he was like, no one's even writing about my beep with the sewer line and all this stuff. And so they ended up giving him a free ad. They were like, oh geez, this guy let, how about we give you an ad?


They came out and photographed him and gave him a, you know, a, an ad for his muffler shop, which it turns out wasn't enough to appease him as we'll see the end of his lease was coming up. He had gone through that breakup. His dad had had just died. And so it was, it was game time basically on June 4th, 2004. He, like we said, he sealed himself in that cockpit. Kind of like couldn't get out basically right into what looks like this. A bulldozer meets a, the, what were those crawlers called in Star Wars where the jaws traded out of it kinda looked like that.


Yeah. I don't remember what they're called. I just remember it was built, it was based on a brutalist hotel in Morocco that George Lucas saw. Right, Exactly. And you don't need to write in everybody. We can go look it up later. Well, you know what, it's called Josh at 2:00 PM and this was, you know, when you see footage of this thing or watch the documentary, it's, this thing goes four or five miles an hour. So it's a, it's a different kind of rampage. It's a slow motion rampage Yeah. Going through town. Yeah. But this thing was unstoppable was the, the issue. Yeah. That, I mean that's a really great way to describe it. Like they as we'll see, couldn't come up with anything to put an end to this.


I say before we really get underway with the rampage, we take our final break and come back and tell everybody just what happened. What do you think? Alright, let's do it.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like, what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yep. Well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools and their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and s not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


All right, so the rampage starts. Obviously the first people he's gonna go after are the do chefs in that concrete plant. When he gets there, they, they quickly realized what's going on. Cody Doche is like, that's, that's Marv Meyer in there. And cops are like, are you sure? How do you know? And he's like, trust me, it's Marv Meyer. He tries to stop it. He tries shooting a a revolver at this thing, which is just a joke. I, I guess that's just the first sort of reaction is like, shoot it. Yeah. In Western Colorado at least. So, hey, no shade there by the way.


But he starts shooting at this thing, he's, he's literally getting in his own, this is Cody Dochev, right? Getting in his own little front end loader and driving at it. He gets, he rams the side of it and he's trying to lift it up off of the ground because basically they're like, we can't, you know, they've tried shooting into it already. They know that's not gonna work. So they want to disable those treads If, you can disable a tank's treads, then you're in business. So they thought if they could lift it off the ground, that might work. They thought if they, they jam this, this huge steel pole into the treads that that might, you know, get stuck or throw something outta whack. None of that works. And when Cody Doche rams this thing and tries to pick it up, his wheels come off the ground.


He hits the front windshield and gets knocked out cold and awakes to bullet fire coming his way. Yeah, that was one thing that Mar Meyer did was he took aim and shot at Cody Che's, his front end loader and there were bullet holes from the 50 caliber in the bucket of the front end loader astoundingly. He didn't hit Cody Doche and he, I guess left the cement plan at this time and started moving toward the town. And one of the ways that he got to the town was busting through a concrete road barrier, a pair of 'em that I believe some highway patrolmen were hiding behind. And they got outta the way just in time because that killed those that went right through those concrete barriers on its way to downtown Granby.


Yeah. And he didn't even have to go that way. So that was another instance where he, he literally turned left and headed right toward those guys. And these are cops. They're bringing in forest service people, they're bringing in larger guns. They've ended up firing about 200 shots at this thing. But again, they're just firing it at hardened steel and so nothing is doing any good. Cody Doche also tried to climb up on top of it, but Marp and I shouldn't be laughing here, but this is the one part I thought was kind of funny, right. Marp thought of that too. And he greased this thing up with like axle grease. Yeah. And so Cody Doche Doche is slipping off of this thing.


Eventually there is a guy, a deputy named Glenn Trainor who climbed up on top of a building and jumped right on top of the thing and he rode this thing around town. There's footage of this guy riding this killdozer around town trying to disable it from above. Yeah. Undersheriff Glenn Trainor is typically referred to as one of the big heroes of the day just for trying. Nobody was successful but a lot of people tried and he definitely risked life and limb essentially to try to disable this thing. He found what he thought was a weak point into the engine and shot into it a bunch of times. Turns out it was a cover for the air conditioner that Marv had put onto the, the bulldozer.


He also got a flash brand grenade, dropped it down the exhaust pipe, it blew up. It did absolutely nothing. And despite, yeah, it being greased, Glenn Trainor hung on until Marv Meyer got the killdozer to the town hall building and Glenn Trainor saw quite clearly he was going to be taken along with this 13 foot tall, 80 ton bulldozer right into town hall and he would not fare very well in that circumstance. So he jumped off and rolled onto the grass from that 13 foot height. Yeah. So he's out of there safely. Like you said, he goes after the town hall, it has a local library in there where, who knows whether he knows this or not, but there were a bunch of kids in there and a reading program including the 11-year-old daughter of the mayor at the time.


So they're huddling in the basement. The town has issued a reverse nine one one call to basically where they call every single resident in town at once and say, you know, shelter in place or in this case calling the people at the library saying get out of there. He then turns on the, the bank, the Liberty Bank branch because obviously he had problems with the banking system there. He then turns on the newspaper and the Patrick Brower, the editor, the guy that he'd been, you know, having his his newspaper beef with is running out the back door as he is collapsing this building. you know, he gets out in the nick of time as he's collapsing the building.


Yeah. And frequently in interviews Patrick Brower points out that had he tripped and and fall and he'd be dead. It was that close. Yeah, sure. For sure. It does seem to have been that kind of experience for people on the ground during this rampage. Somebody would run in shouting like get out, get out. And probably didn't even have time to say what the heck was coming. When the killdozer would come crashing through the front of the building, not the front door, not a side door. It would come right through the front wall or the side wall. And one of the things that people pointed out who were there was that he would, he would come crashing through the front wall and it would take out like, you know, the front wall but the roof would still be stinking. So he'd back up and he'd go after a corner of the building.


So like he was trying to demolish these buildings, he was making a pretty great attempt at it and toward the end of the rampage he got pretty good at taking a building out in a couple of swipes. No, absolutely. So then, you know, this is a small town. When he makes a turn toward a a thing, they kind of have a pretty good idea of where he is going Sure. Because of the, the well-known beef. So after he destroys the newspaper building, he makes a turn and everyone's like, he's going after the Thompsons. He ends up a Thelma Thompson 82-year-old widow, former mayor. Dick Thompson was literally asleep taking a nap 30 minutes before her house is just gone because they get her out of there.


He completely destroys her house and then turns toward their business, which is the Thompson and Sons excavating business and services and starts destroying those buildings. Yeah. He cost them a good million and a half dollars I saw to rebuild again despite the people he had the beef with not even being alive any longer, but it's how much he hated the Thompson family after that. The next thing he did, this is a really, really critical thing that he did that really kind of takes away a lot of sympathy I had for him. He took out, he, he drove up to the propane company, a local propane company and uses 50 caliber rifle to shoot at propane tanks for small ones then big ones he tried to shoot in an electrical transformer so that the sparks ostensibly so the sparks would ignite the propane when he shot the propane tank open and the whole thing would blow up and that would've been significant.


Had this propane company blown up. I saw an estimate that everyone within a half mile radius would've been in danger. The blast is a lot would've been that big. Yeah. This is downtown there. It was as densely packed as the town of Granby could be. So a half a mile radius is, you know, that was a significant thing. And the the reason why, and Patrick Brower points this out and I tend to agree with him, he, he takes issue with people who are like, these were all just warning shots. He just wanted to destroy property. He just wanted to blow up the propane company so that he could destroy more property. He wasn't trying to kill anybody and Patrick Ra was like, this is, no, this is not true. The reason he didn't kill anybody was because the way that he had mounted the rifles was so klugy that he had almost no chance whatsoever of shooting anybody Those bulletproof glass sites that you were talking about, like the two by three inch sight or they weren't near the, the guns, the guns weren't mounted right by them.


The video cameras that he was using to kind of drive around with, they weren't in line with the guns either. So when he was aiming the gun, he had to do some sort of weird mental topography to kind of figure out what he was looking at in relation to the gun and tried to shoot that way. And Patrick Brower's point is that's why no one was shot to death. That's why those propane tanks didn't blow up. That's why the electrical transformer didn't blow up because he missed, not because he was just firing warning shots 'cause he missed. And if those guns had been mounted more I guess efficiently, it could have been a totally different outcome from this whole event.


Yeah, for sure. He also, I mean most of those bullets didn't even make it out of his own vehicle because the way he had the, the big 50 cow mounted it ended up hitting his own armor. So you see like shooting toward this propane thing and immediately these shots are just sort of exploding. 'cause I think they were some special kind of round or something and they were sort of exploding at, you know, into his own tank. I bet that was frustrating. So yeah. And then who knows if he even knew what was going on. Like no one knows what he could even see inside that thing. Yeah, Good point. So the machine's damaged at this point.


All the antifreeze is dumped out. There's white smoke just pouring from this thing. There's hydraulic fluid leaking all over the place and it's pretty clear that like the last gasp is happening. So he heads down to gambles of Granby hardware store that was a guy on the town board there related to the hardware store that approved the concrete plant. And so they were on the list and you see this thing chugging along. It's on its last legs somehow remarkably had not failed up into that point. Yeah. Like, I can't believe at some point it didn't, those treads didn't, I guess that's why it's a bulldozer there. They're, you know, it's like a tank. It's, it's supposed to do that.


So it was doing it well. But what he didn't know was that there was a basement in that hardware store and eventually that right front tread slipped down just a couple of feet, just enough into that basement to where the tread had nothing against it and it was just spinning. So it was finally stopped. Yeah. People were walking alongside of this thing for a lot of the time. So there were people within earshot at this point and there suddenly comes a muffled gunshot from inside the, the poll, the killdozer. And people were like, well I'm pretty sure that if that's Marv Meyer who's in there, he's no longer with us.


And they were correct. They, the next day they tried to blow the a hole into the killdozer. And do you remember at the outset I said that it was probably superior to a tank? The reason I said that is because the SWAT team who was creating this explosive charge to try to breach it, they consulted with some explosive experts who told them what charge to create to blow a hole in the side of a tank and it didn't work. Yeah. The explosive charge that could blow a hole in a tank did not blow a hole in the killdozer. That's how thick and well welded this superstructure over the bulldozer was. So nobody was killed or injured in this thing, which was remarkable considering what was happening.


It was a little over two hours, up to $7 million in damage. I think 11 of the 13 buildings were occupied at the time. And like you said, people were literally running out the back door for a lot of these and that was it. you know, the, the guy ends up, you know, they, they take this tank apart and they didn't want any memory of it in town. So they, they take it apart, get rid of the parts. I think one of them ended up staying with the Thompson family. Like one small part. Yeah. Aronian, I think something that connects the bucket to the rest of the dozer that had broken off when he came crashing through their house.


Yeah. But aside from that, people basically wanted to forget about it. And with the help of, you know, insurance and everything, they ended up rebuilding everything. Not that it wasn't at at great personal cost as well of course, but Marv was gone and they were really eager to move on for the most part as a town. Yeah. Casey Ferrell, who owned Gamble's Hardware store, it took him seven years because his store was insured but it wasn't insured for the kind of money it takes to rebuild after a dozer rampage. Yeah. but I guess the Denver Post visited a year after on the anniversary of it to do a story and they found that most of the buildings had either been rebuilt or were in the process of rebuilding.


And I believe the mayor at the time this, I guess this would've been a year after a guy named Ted Wang, he said that this, the whole rampage had actually inspired the town to become tighter as a community. Like more people became involved in local politics and the town just kind of like took pride in its own resurrection and rebuilding itself brick from brick. Yeah. Which is essentially, I guess the opposite of what Mar Meyer would've wanted from his rampage. Yeah. you know, Probably, and you know, the narrative that you hinted at early was still lives on for a lot of people. A lot of people think this guy's a folk hero, probably not surprisingly, a lot of those people live on the very far right of the political spectrum and say, you know, this was a guy taking down, you know, his local government that was being, and he was a victim of his local government and he was taking them out, you know, doing what we all want to do on any given day and people still celebrate June 4th is Killdozer Day in some of those circles.


Yeah. And so, you know, doing research on this, I I just got less and less sympathetic with the guy and really just came to dislike him. And then I came across that Dozer Manifesto web comic by Mr. V and just reading some of it, I was like, well I, I'm not exactly sure how I think about this whole thing and I think I don't have enough information about what really went on in that town or didn't go on to decide one way or another. And I get, I don't think that matters, but I I just thought it was interesting that I had a, an about face I guess. Yeah. I find it interesting when I think of in my thoughts, There was, no one is quite sure who came up with the name Killdozer in terms of this case, but there was obviously the band Killdozer got a shout them out from Madison, Wisconsin.


Okay. And they may have, I think they were the early eighties. Were they before or after the movie? 'cause wasn't there a movie as well? There Was a movie called Killdozer from 1974. It was a a BC Suspense Saturday suspense TV movie that was based on a 1944 short story by fantasy writers Theodore Sturgeon. Okay. So I bet Killdozer the band named themselves after that would be my guess. I would think. But yeah, I, I don't understand why it's like, well where did the name come from? Like Kdo. Like you would just look at that thing and be like, that's a killdozer without ever hearing the, that word together. It's not like some great mystery, like that's a killdozer, that's just what you call that thing.


Humans have some sort of innate genetic understanding of seeing that thing and knowing that it's a killdozer without ever seeing that word before. Yeah. Though it didn't kill N No it didn't. That's a great point. So it's a, I guess destroy dozer is a better one. Yeah. Or a bulldozer. Oh yeah, there you go. If. you wanna know more about Killdozer, there's plenty of stuff to read and watch on the internet. Just be wary. Hopefully we've armed you with a little, a little bit of info to, to measure against. And since I said that it's time of course for Listener Mail. Yeah. And watch Tread. He can rent it.


I think it's free on Tuby and some other stuff, but it is really Well done. It's a great documentary. Yeah, Well he does these recreations that I guess are CGI, but it, it looked to me like, I was like, man did they actually build a, another Killdozer replica to shoot this stuff? Yeah. It was one of those few documentaries that had $150 million budget. I'm not sure. But it looked pretty good. And it's only like 98 minutes long or less than that. 88 minutes, 98 Minutes. It's, it's a good one. It's definitely worth seeing. Alright, listener male dangers of whistling. Hey guys, just finished that episode and I thought you were gonna mention the one thing about not whistling in a theater. Not a hundred percent sure of the veracity, of the history of this, but old theater legend has it.


That early stage hands were also sailors and or dock workers who communicated in whistles and therefore If you were a casual bystander whistling in a theater. You could actually cause an accident through miscommunication as with some of other superstitions in the theater. This one is based more on safety than anything else. And I always find it fascinating. The concept of bad luck was apparently effective for early safety compliance. Thanks for keeping me entertained in my long LA commutes. And that is from Claudia, who is a stagehand in Los Angeles. Awesome. Thanks a lot Claudia. I feel like we talked about that or came across it in research or something like that. I don't know if it was related to whistling or what, but it had to do with salty sea dogs moonlighting as stage hands for the theater.


Oh, I remember that. Very cool. Yeah. All right, well thanks Claudia for getting in touch and If, you wanna be like Claudia and share something awesome and interesting with us We'd love that. You can wrap it up, spank it on the bottom, and send it on its way to Stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at w BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of clothes sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Toyota's the best resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year, ride after ride, and check out the all new 25 Camry or test drive a stylish and affordable Corolla. Find out more@buyatoyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.