
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership Rocket, own the dream.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant. And we are going deep underneath the city of Perry, city of Lights City. Too busy to sleep 'cause it eats big apples in this episode of Stuff You Should Know. That's right. Big thanks to Anna for the contribution here on the Paris catacombs. Have you ever toured the Paris Catacombs? Yes, I have. Have you? I have not. And I think I remember you telling me that you had, I've been to Paris three times, have not yet done this.


It was not on my radar. The first two didn't have time, the third trip. So if and when I ever get back to Paris, it's on the list. I recommend it. Have you ever been to the Moulin Rouge? Yes. Okay. So the Moulin Rouge is generally topless dance numbers typically, right? Yeah. Did you notice that when you're at the Moulin Rouge boobs? Just you, there were so many boobs everywhere that they just totally lost all context and meaning. Yeah. 12-year-old Chuck was like, I don't understand what's happening. Right. But I'll bet even 12-year-old Chuck was like yawning by the end of it. Right. Because there's just so many boobs everywhere that they're just, it doesn't, it doesn't mean anything anymore.


The catacombs are the Moulin Rouge of human bones. Oh, so many skulls that it's just like, whatever. There's another skull. Yeah, Yeah. It's bizarre. Yeah. Because you realize you're just like, ho-hum. There's another dead body, there's another dead body, there's another leg bone. But it's still worth going to just 'cause it's so bizarre. But there's just so many human bones around you that you just, it, it's like your brain just gets saturated and you just stop thinking of them like that. So the JSAT, the Josh SAT would be Moulin Rouge is tab boobs as the Paris catacombs is to blank Human bones.


Yeah, that'd be the right answer. Choice A. What would be the other choices? Oh man, I don't know. I haven't taken a test like that in so long. It could be fun to take the SAT again, Would it? I think so. Okay. Sure. How long does that take? I don't know, but it's changed since we were there. But hours, I remember it taking hours. It used to actually test IQ and now it just tests like retention. Oh, well I'm screwed. So here's the other answers. Chuck Cod fishing. Yeah, Modge Podge. And there's gotta be one close one like, like like grave site or something.


Okay. There you go. And you'd be like, no, no grave Wax. Do you remember that from back in the day? Is that the human goop that seeps out that you can make soap out of? Yeah. Pretty awesome. Alright. That's a, that's a great JSAT. We should have our own Stuff. You Should Know SAT. That'd be a fun thing to design. I have. It would be fun. I have one more story about the catacombs. Let's hear it. So when we went, I've only been once and it was a few years back, but we went with my brother-in-law and sister-in-law and our niece. Oh yeah. A very famous Mila who's been in country movies. That's right. She played Young Mary in the movie Mary that came out on Netflix this past Christmas.


Did you know that? No. And you didn't, you didn't shout that one out. So I'm glad you are. Well, we were off, so I didn't get a chance to, but it's, it's definitely worth watching. It's like pretty religious movie. I mean, it's about Mary, the mother, Jesus. Oh, Mary, Mary Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. That Mary. You're like, ah, Mary Mary. Sure. And it is fascinating. Like my, actually my brother-in-law also was a producer on it too, and they, it has like action, it has like, it's a thriller. It has like a really evil villain played by Anthony Hopkins. Like, it's just a really good movie that you'll watch from beginning to end be like, this is pretty good.


I have to check it out. And I'm also gonna forgive you for when I said Mary, Mary for not saying Why you bugging. Thank you. You passed. You're back at the good crisis. Well, anyway, oh, back to my story. So little Mila, she must have been five-ish at the time she went to the catacombs with us. Right? So she's walking around this OSS Ossie with bones and human skulls everywhere and Yumi, or I asked her like, are are, are you scared right now? And she said, I would be, no, they're Like boobs, Right? She right. She said, I would be if these were real. We were like, we just looked at each other outta the corners of our eyes.


Nobody. And we were like, well, let's look over here now. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Wow. That's adorable. It Was very adorable. What's funny is the irony of the whole thing is this is the same kid at about the same age who was scared to death on the movie ride at Disney Hollywood Studios, but is standing there in the Ossie Right. Of millions of bones, human bones and skulls and is like, eh. Yeah. That's pretty funny. Yeah. So those are all my stories about the catacombs. I figure we should probably start talking about it. Yeah. So this is, I mean, let's go back in time I guess. I mean, we know already what it is. It's a series of underground tunnels where more than 6 million Parisians are, are there, you know, forever.


What's Crazy is, unless they decide to move them again. Right, right. But, and you have no idea who's who. Like one bone doesn't belong to another bone. Oh yeah. No idea. Whose skull is who? It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. So If you go back in time, let's say 45 million years during the Lutetium period, there was an erosion event that caused a lot of what became to be known as lutetium or Paris rock or Paris limestone or Parisian limestone deposited there. And that is If you go to Paris and you see everything as, as that sort of creamy gray, that's what that is. And that's what gives Paris its distinct look because they had loads and loads and loads of it.


And the reason we're starting with this is because the mining of that lutetium limestone is where these tunnels started about 2000 years ago. On the banks of the rivers there, they had these quarries where they would mine the heck out of this stuff. And before you know it, Paris is sitting on top of a vast network of tunnels. Yeah. Something like 32 square kilometers of tunnels, which to put in American terms is like a, a lot of bananas. Yes. 10 times the size of Central Park apparently is underneath Paris. Yeah. I think it's 300 kilometers of tunnels.


Isn't that just nuts? It's A lot. But I mean, If you think about it, If you mine an area, a small, relatively small area for a couple thousand years, you're going to, you're gonna make some headway eventually. And that's what they did. Yeah. The key is this, Chuck, originally these quarries were sensibly, well outside of the city of Paris. Yeah. But we're talking about a very, very tiny original city of Paris that eventually grew and grew and grew. And over time, Paris overtook these old quarries that in most cases were no longer used or mined any longer. So the, the city built itself over abandoned mines that people had just plum forgotten about.


That's right. And that, you know, that presents a couple of very big problems. First of all, if you've got a city growing and growing and getting built on and built on and getting heavier and heavier, and a lot of the underground has been dug out, that is a problem. And there were numerous incidents of sinkhole, of buildings collapsing into themselves of all kinds of, you know, tragedies happening over the years throughout the history of Paris because it was built on, you know, hollow ground in a lot of places. Right. That's why another very famous nickname for Paris is the Florida of Europe. Right. I'm sure they love that.


The other big problem is that Parisians used to love burying themselves in Paris. Like the, you wanted to be laid to rest in the city where you grew up and lived your life At your church typically too. Yeah. Like very, very locally. And by the 18th century, late 18th century, this was a big, big problem. There were too many bodies, the, those disease was being spread. So this led to a couple of things. I think in the 1730s there was an actual parliamentary commission study about how disease from these, you know, dead people everywhere in Paris was hurting the, the city.


And then it took about 40 years, eventually in 1777 King Louisie, the, what is that 16th created the IGC. You wanna pronounce that? Oh yes, please. The inspection General de Cartiers carriers And, and what were they charged with? So carriers is French for careers and another word for career is a path or tunnel. So this was the, the commission overseeing mines and mineshafts in Paris. Right. So basically, hey, we got this report 40 years ago Yeah. That no one's acted on, so we need to really start looking into this stuff.


And chief inspector, can you pronounce his name? Charles XL F gmo. He came along as the chief inspector and said, all right, you know what, we're gonna shore up these mines and make sure they're, they're not gonna keep collapsing. And also we're gonna start moving bodies outta here. We got a body problem, not a three body problem. We have a millions body problem. Yeah. And we're gonna start moving bodies out of, let's start with the oldest one, the Holy Innocence Cemetery, which has been around since 1186. Let's start moving these out of here and from other cemeteries, close these things down and start moving them into these old mine shafts.


Yeah. And like you said, there was a body problem. I think you kind of touched on it a second ago, where there was a general sense of disease coming from these petrifying bodies that were just piling up in the, the cemeteries. But structurally speaking also. So like I, I guess at the time in France, they would bury you with a bunch of other people who died at the same, same time in a group pit. Let you decompose after five years they would bury you up and then they would just deposit your bones in an osser. They just, they were like, here's a bunch of bones, let's move on to the next group of people and bury them for five years. So many people's bones built up over the years that neighborhoods built near this.


They're like, cellars would collapse in and bones would just come out because of the pressure put on these huge piles of bones that were building up. Yeah. So there was a huge problem with it. But I also read that that was a, a bit of like a cover story. That they were really interested that the government of Paris was interested in reclaiming some really great real estate now. Yeah. And so they did this, whether people liked it or not. And they actually went into these cemeteries and moved the bones under the cover of Knight. That's right. To the, the tunnels. And people are like, you're doing what?


Yeah. And they said, don't, don't worry about it, just go back to sleep. And from 1785 to 1787, over a couple of years, they, not only from Holy innocence, but all the, the nearby cemeteries. They moved these bodies in April of 1786. The catacombs were consecrated officially. It was called the Paris Ossuary at first. But catacombs is sounds creepier, I guess. Hey, Have I been saying oss? I Think so. Oh man. Thank you for gently correcting me. Well, I wasn't sure how it was pronounced, to be honest. I sound like a 6-year-old kid trying to pronounce it.


So catacombs took over as, as the sort of, you know, the go-to word and they kind of just dumped him in there. Yes. For a while. And until in 1810 there was a new quarry inspector who said, maybe we can have a little fun with this. Yeah. So just to be clear, when they moved the bones from the graveyard to these abandoned mineshafts, they would just go up to a hole in the ground and dump bones into the mineshaft and they would just pile up where they fell at the bottom of the mineshaft. That's how they were transferred. And like you said, finally one of the inspectors, a Corey inspector named Louis Ian Harry card Ditu.


Pretty sure I said that right. Nice. He said, like you said, let's have some fun. So he got busy with his quarrymen stacking bones into these n now famous configurations of tibia and fibia and finger bones and thigh bones and neck bones and then head bones. Finally, all of them with their eye sockets facing out, they built walls throughout the whole, these whole catacombs where the, that had been designated in Osci or in French in Ossuary. That's right. And I think from now to the end of time, a skull should be known as a head bone.


Isn't that what it isn't that that old dry bone song, isn't that what they call it? Oh, is it what Connected to the head bone? Yeah. That one. Yeah. Don't they say that? Oh, I don't know. I Think so. I don't remember that part. That's like the part Oh, well what was connected to it? I think the neck bone. Yeah. Yeah, Probably so. And the neck bone's connected to the skull. Right. All Of a sudden. And then everybody just stops singing and goes home. Yeah. Yeah. The, so like you mentioned, there are no headstones there. So you don't know who is who. We do know there are some famous, is there like robes? Pierre very famous statesman is there, there's a painter named Simon Vu.


Probably. Yeah. What? How would you say that? Hey, yeah, you're right. I was gonna say at, but there'd be an extra te I think. Oh, okay. And then this guy, I think we should maybe do a show on at some point, Charles, I would say Peralt as an American. But what, what is that Peral? Mm. Let's just go with your, I say ossi, so why, I don't know why you're asking me. Well, You took French. I didn't. This guy was like the, the, the granddaddy of the modern fairy tale. So he, he wrote Little Red Riding Hood and Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty and pussy boots and Yeah. And he didn't know about this guy. He put 'em all into a collection that he attributed to Mother Goose. So I couldn't find definitively that he invented Mother Goose.


But he certainly, he certainly made Mother Goose a star. That You're gonna go a long way, baby. Stick with me. Should we take a break or you got something else? I, oh well. We should probably say that the reason why there's not a lot of people that you've heard of today because they stopped adding bones in 1860. They said that's enough. Oh sure. Let's, this is a little nuts. Somebody thought of this like almost a hundred years ago. Yeah. They were clearly insane. Paris went along with it. Let's just pretend like it was okay. But just stop doing it any further. Yeah. Jim, Jim Morrison can stay where he is at. I looked to see if he ever went and visited the catacombs and I could not find that he ever did.


So let's just say he didn't. Oh. Just as a tourist. Oh, interesting Diary. I just was curious your diary today. I went to the catacombs. I found my solace there. Right. It was awesome. Alright, so now that break and we're gonna come back and talk about all the weird stuff that's happened there over the decades since


All you renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows that feeling you get every month, your hard earned cash gone. It's like throwing money away. And even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your Future. Yeah. It can make you feel like you'll never be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing here so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments toward home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. That's right. And if this sounds like something that could make a difference in your life, call 800 the number four rocket, or visit rocket.com today to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800. The number four rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30.


This is the soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at Don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's Right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff STUF to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


So Chuck, there's been at the catacombs, a lot of bone deposits, bone stacking, that kind of stuff. But that, I think we said at the outset, that takes up just a really small amount of all of the tunnels that are under, that are under Paris. They've done some other really fascinating stuff. Dozens and dozens of different interesting, really creative, inventive things with these tunnels. Right. Hundreds of different things. Yes, for sure. And I don't wanna make you feel self-conscious. I was laughing at a dirty joke that I couldn't say out loud. I'll tell you. Oh, I wanna know. I'll tell you later. Oh, I, I know.


Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of, I mean, monks used to make chartreuse down there. I I'm, was that the birthplace of chartreuse? Yeah. In the catacombs. Yeah. I don't remember mentioning that in our AM Marrow episode, but we definitely talked about Chartres. Yeah, for sure. So that's one thing that happened back then. Mushroom farming. There's, there's been a great tradition of alcohol brewing actually over the years. Because I mean, one of the great things about having an underground system like that is it's very stable temperature-wise. It's about 60 degrees Fahrenheit. Always. Yeah. Which is about 15 and a half degrees Celsius for our French friends. That's right.


And so that means you can do a lot of stuff from like storing wine to brew, storing beer, brew and beer. Exactly. One of the things that made it so appealing, in addition to being able to keep it at like a a, a constant cave temperature cave age to anything is pretty great. Typically. Yeah. This is also real estate in the heart of Paris. Yeah. That, You know, you can use some steps and go up street side and all of a sudden you're right there at your customers without having to pay the incredibly high price of real estate in Paris topside. Oh, good point. It's not mine. Topside Paris. I've read it somewhere. Mushroom farming was another big deal. 'cause one thing you don't need a ton of for most mushrooms is light.


Sometimes If You know you want them to fruit, you may be able to manipulate light or something like that. But generally mushroom growing can be done in very dark places. And so starting in the 19th century, actual mushroom farming and not just like, I'm gonna grow a few mushrooms. Like they were producing about a thousand tons of catacomb mushrooms a year. Yeah. For some reason, I'm gonna have to ask you never to use the word fruit and mushroom near each other again. I find it troubling for some reason. Really? Yeah. Mushrooms fruiting is, I don't like that at all. That's really funny. Yeah. All right. But I'm serious though. No, I'll never do it. Okay, Thank you.


Sure. Although you do owe me about seven or eight mentions for that oyster stew. Oh, That's right. I feel better now. Oh good. Oh yeah, that's right. You should tell everybody you're finally feeling good. Yeah, I'm finally feeling. Well it was, I had some fruity mushrooms and everything's fine. Congrats. Yeah. So let's see, what else Chuck? Oh, I was totally joking when I said there's been hundreds of creative uses. There's been basically three and two of 'em are technically the same, which is brewing alcohol And mushroom farming. And what's the third Brewing? Alcohol and brewing alcohol, depending on which kind of alcohol. Beer or short truth. That's it. It's also been a good heidi spot over the years.


Yeah. Depending on what's going on with the government during the French Revolution, revolutionaries hid out down there and were chased down there. Sure. There was an alt-right group in the thirties called, how would you pronounce that? Josh la La They not only hid down there, but would use it as a way to get around and potentially break into government buildings, I guess from, you know, from the bottom. Yeah. Until the fifties. And in some cases, even decades after that, there were a lot of buildings in Paris who had doors, sometimes forgotten doors in their cellars or basements that led directly to the catacombs or the underground tunnels in Paris.


Yeah. Pretty cool. So it was kind of easy to get down there for a very long time. It's actually really recent that it's now very hard to get into the off limits parts. But as we'll see, that doesn't actually deter anybody. No, of course not. During World War ii, obviously there's gonna be either Nazis down there or the French resistance might be down there. Can't You just see them in like adjoining tunnels, but not knowing that the other one's there? Yeah, That sounds like a Tarantino thing. Yeah, it does. But what they're most famous for now is being able to go down there with your, your niece, the movie star. Yeah. It's been a tourist attraction since Napoleon said, you know what would be great, the year's 1809, I think it's high time.


We start letting people down there to tour this pretty cool thing. And it's sort of vacillated over the years. It used to be like, You know, you could go down there once a month If you were a citizen of Paris only sometimes it was like quarterly. Finally they said, you know what, let's just, let's just make money on this. Right. And it's open what, Tuesday to Sunday? I guess they close on Monday. Like a lot of museums do. 9 45 to eight 30. It'll cost you 31 euros these days, which is about the same in dollars I think. Right. Right now It's like 0.96 euros to the dollar, I think today. Okay. So pretty close, man.


You really keep up with that. Not bad. Thank Thanks. Let me see how my, my Euro stocks are doing. No, actually, to tell you the truth, I was going to translate the dollar that you could make off of a, a cow in our, oh, our Tragedy of the Commons episode. Oh. In the euros and Stuff like That. But we never got around to That's Funny. I can also tell you's 0.8 pounds to the dollar today as well, but a dollar one 60 Australian dollars to the dollar. Well, I just came back from Mexico City, so I basically just divide by 20 Is it 20 though? I thought it was like 10 last time we were there.


Mm. Has, I think changed. Think has It was, I, am I just wrong? It was 20 back then, like last Year. Oh, I don't know. But I, I think you divide by 20 ish now. And but my friends that we were with were like, I can't even think of it that way. I have to. I heard If you, all you have to do is like drop a zero and then divide that in half. So everyone has their own way Jump on one foot. Thinking about this in shout, how much is this Exactly? How long does this tour take? Josh? You went through it An hour? I don't remember it taking an hour more or less. I, I don't, it was, it's weird because when you're in the catacombs, you're out of time. Yeah, sure. Like there is no, no light whatsoever reaching you.


The only light in there is electric. And apparently that's only been around since the seventies. Before that they gave you a candle. And so good luck. Very cool. But it's, it's, the light that is in there is almost, it makes it even er, because it's sodium light. So it's got a kind of an orangeish yellowish cast to it. Oh yeah. It's just a weird place to be. So I, I, I believe that it's an hour, but I have no recollection of how long it took. Okay. That sounds about right. You go down a big spiral staircase. There's a lot of stair climbing obviously, right? Yeah. It's, yes, there is. Okay. Like five, 500 steps or something like that. So yeah, you go down a spiral staircase and there's multiple stairs.


Yeah. So you're walking down, down, down. Before you enter, you go, you go through something called the Port Mahon corridor, which has a replica of the Port Mahon fortress. I imagine that looks kind of cool, right? It does. I don't remember it, but I looked up a picture and a little bit on that. The guy who carved that was a, a, not a hostage, an inmate at this prison for years and redid it from memory, carved into the stone. Wow. That's pretty Cool. And he actually died there from a, a landslide or a rock in or something like that, I can't remember what it's called.


While he was building a, a, some steps to get to it. Oh geez. Yeah. He really, that caved in huh? He dedicated his life to that thing. That's very sad. Yeah. But appropriate for the, the catacombs. Yeah. If you think about it's, If You can just stay right there. If you die, like you mentioned 72 is when electricity came along, there is something called Nys Thread, a black line to ensure that you don't get lost. And I thought, well, what a strange name that is. Oh, you looked It up too. Yeah. So Aria Aney was the daughter of King Minus and was associated with mazes and labyrinths.


And while it is a, a literal thing painted there, it's also, you know, ties back to Rie Aney and the, the sort of it, like, while she was a person, it's also like a, a, a logic, like applying logic to all possible routes of a maze to get out is is area ane as well. Yeah. I, I also saw that she helped Thesis Get Outta the Labyrinth by leaving a thread for him to follow back after he slew the Mino tar. Yeah. What Does this look like though? I couldn't find any pictures of this actually in the ca I don't remember it either. Okay. It's supposedly on the ceiling. I think it's just a black line.


Okay. That's, yeah. But you don't remember much about this? I, I don't, it's weird. Like I have pictures of it and I remember the thing with Mila, but like a lot of these pictures that I, I went and looked at online, I'm like, I don't remember seeing that at all. I don't think I was drunk. I'm pretty sure I was fairly sober. I think I just, my, my episodic memory is shot to Holy heck. You remember those boobs? That's right. I do. I guess they made more of an impression on me than I remembered. You mentioned, well, let's talk about some of these chambers. A lot of them are like, the, the coolest parts of the catacombs are not open to the public and technically, officially illegal and off limits.


So, Okay. That might, that may be why I don't remember some of these Because they, they weren't the super cool ones. Were not on the tour. I, I guess I'm just, Hey man, I'm just grasping at straws here. Help me out. Well, I looked at some pictures of some of these, the LaPage, which means the beach is a really cool room because it's got a sandy floor and they painted a, like a beach scene on the wall. But it's, it looks, I mean, all these places look like the, like where the Lost Boys might hang out, you know, That was one of the coolest things about that movie, that backstory, that the, the crazy amazing rich hotel slid into the ocean and now that's where they lived. And there were old chandeliers kind of Hanging out still.


I forgot about that. Yeah. Yeah. Super cool. That's totally what it was. Super Cool. Yeah. What else? What other cool rooms are off limits? That's it. You are not gonna talk about sos Z or Zed. I did not look that one up. But there are, let me, let me give you a couple other ones. There was a group called the Mexican de la Pish Perforation. Let's just say it like that. They overtook one of the caves beneath the Pal de shallow and set up a movie theater there with a bar and room for 20 people to watch a movie. And I did not find what movie they showed. Yeah, that is super cool.


That was I a subset of a group called UX Short for Urban Experiment. And they're these, it's an artist collective in Paris, founded in 1981 and by a group of teenagers back then that, like, they'll do this cool stuff. Like they snuck into the Pantheon for months in a row to restore a clock there, but like on the, on the down low Yeah. That I saw. That was a subgroup of UX called the Unter Gunther. And they were the ones that actually did the clock. UX is almost like an umbrella group. Yeah. Just like the, the group that did the movie theater. They were a subgroup.


Right, exactly. And then UX also is like a acronym for Urban Explorer too, which these people also are. So they kind of almost made a play on slang, which is Oh, okay. Really something. Yeah. That is really something. But all of these people who sneak down there and do stuff are known as phis. And those are the people, the, the urban adventurers who illegally find their way into the catacombs to to party, to hang out, to show movies, to have concerts and parties and like, and Show movies. All all, all things, all kinds of things are going on down there over the decades.


And it seems to have really kicked off. I mean, they've been doing it since the, the 18 hundreds. I think they had a, a Chopin, like 45 piece orchestra did a Chopin concert down there. Yeah. They, they played Chopin's Funeral March and I was like, yeah, I'm not familiar with that one. It's Dar Darth Vader's theme It. Is it? Or does it just sound like it? It's Darth Vader's. There's, it's not possible that John Williams just coincidentally came up with that as Creator's Theme. Oh really? Yeah. It's like an adaptation of the funeral march. Okay, well that's probably a well known thing then. It's gotta be I've never heard that before though. No.


And I know everything there is about Star Wars just trying In the seventies and eighties is when it seems like the, the Phis really kind of, you know, took roost down there because it was a great place to go hide. Like the punk rock movement kind of moved downstairs. Underground. Yeah. Literally underground. Hey. And, and they tried to keep people out over the years. But like you said, people are gonna find a way in if they want to. That's right. And I say we take another break and we'll come back and find out do people find their way in if they want to after this, Let's do it.


You know, buying a home used to be a headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, for pre-approval, for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. That's Right. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. And that's rocket.com. A single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Yeah. And you'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insights and more all the things that you need to make the kind of informed decisions that can make a big difference for you and your family. That's Right. So whether you're buying your first home, managing home ownership tasks or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you just have to give a look because it's all there. Rocket. Own the dream.


If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on Learn more at Don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C


From Disney on March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless, exquisite, get tickets now waiting on a Wish Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story Magic Mirror on the Wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theaters March 21st rated PG rental guidance suggested tickets on sale now.


So yeah, people do find their way in, like I said, and they've been doing that a lot since the beginning. And you know, besides partying and doing drugs, like there are all kinds of like cool works of art. There's murals painted on some walls, obviously all kinds of graffiti. Sometimes they leave messages and leaflets and things for each other to find and try to avoid the cataly, which is literally translated as cat cops. Yeah. Which is a special, special detachment of the gender arms that their whole thing is catching people down in the, in the tunnels. And from what I read, that if you're a, a true cile, and I guess there was an article in the, I think 2015 or something like that, that estimated there's around a hundred genuine phis.


The the cataly are probably going to leave you alone at the very least. Just maybe give you a warning or something like that. If you're a, a tourist in the sense of like the fight club, support group tourist Yeah. Then you're probably going to get that 60 euro fine. 'cause you really, as far as the flix are concerned, you have no business being down there. It's dangerous. You got no respect for tradition like the actual phis do. And something else I read, Chuck, you're actually trespassing a private property. 'cause If you buy a piece of real estate in Paris, your ownership extends to whatever's below it in the underground.


Wow. And that sounds kind of cool until your house caves in and the city's like, it's your property top to bottom. Yeah. So good luck with that. Yeah. Wow. I didn't know that. That's pretty cool. And they, they actually at City Hall make that sound when you come in to ask them for help. You know, Parisians pioneered the fart noise. Yeah. The raspberry, The, the, the fine that 60 euros you mentioned. I saw 65. I mean, that's just like double the cost of legal entry. So it's not, it's not the biggest fine. No, No, no. And it kind of does kinda give you a sense that it's not considered like the, the crime of the century in Paris, but at the same time there's a special police detachment to catch people doing that.


So there's almost mixed messages with that. Yeah, for sure. The IGC, that inspection group with the French name still maintains it. They've been doing so since 1777. And there are still collapses here and there, but it, it is mainly shored up. Oh, this other thing I thought was fun. The, the ways that people have found their way in, when they close off an area, sometimes the ca files will go in there and like reopen it and make a way to get in. And they're called, I don't know how you would say it in French, but it translates as cat flaps, like a cat door kind of Cool. Shady air. Shady air. Okay. Sha is CHAT. That's Cat.


Oh and E is flaps I guess. Yeah. It's been in a bunch of movies and stuff too. Right? Yeah. One of the most famous uses of the Paris Underground came in the Phantom of the Opera. And I'm not sure if it was in the original novel, although I, I I it probably was, but I certainly know that in the stage play or the musical there, that's where the Phantom lives. But more the point, there's supposedly like a underground lake there that the phantom like Roses gondola on. Right. Cool. There actually is an underground reservoir under the Paris Opera House. It's not an urban legend that guessed on the road made up.


It was Wow. Or Andrew Lloyd Weber, one of the two. It, when they were building the opera house to keep the foundation from just filling up with water over and over again while they were building it, they built a reservoir to impound the water. And, and so it's like a 12 feet deep by almost, I think like 60 yards, 60 meters long. Hey, little reservoir you could conceivably sail a gondola on If you were the kind of person to live on your ground. Do you know if the water, is it continually filling up? I, I don't know. Gimme a break man.


What about the evaporation? Right. But I mean it, so it definitely has to be constantly replaced because they had to build this reservoir Yeah. To hold the water that was always trickling in. But yeah, it makes sense. Why, why wouldn't it overflow once in a while? I don't know. I shouldn't have asked. I don't know. You ruined the story. But Gamers might recognize the catacombs from Assassin's Creed. Unity. Pretty cool. I was looking at screenshots of that. It's pretty neat. Did you play that one? Yeah. No, I didn't play that One. Do you play any of them Assassin Screeds? No. Pretty good. Do you have something against them or pretty good? No, no. I just, you know, my gaming is limited. I see. What's your latest game?


I'm playing a horror game right now called Alan Wake two. It's the second Alan Wake. And I'd never played a horror game before and it is pretty scary. So it's genuinely scary. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Like when you're playing this game and you know, they look so good now and they're so realistic. So you're creeping around with a flashlight in these rooms and you hear noises and see things and it's like, it's super creepy. Are they like jump scares or do they just create like a sense of ongoing dread? Both. Wow. That's massive. Definitely ongoing dread. And then when the jump scare happens, when a, when a bad person comes out, it's just, yeah, it's, it, it scares big grown boy Chucky.


Fantastic Alan Wake too. Everybody A like Alan Wake like somebody's name. Yeah. The second or the sequel? The sequel. Okay. It would be Alan Wake Jr. I think. Probably. I guess so. Don't call me Junior. Henry Ford the second was not a junior. Yeah. 'cause who wants to be called Junior? I, I Don't know. I'd go with JR if I was a junior. Oh, totally. Call me JR. What does it stand for? It stands for Junior. Here's one cool thing. And this guy might be worth a podcast on his own, but there was a photographer is, he went by the name Nadar, I guess N-A-D-A-R.


And this is in the 1860s. His real name is Felix, I guess, how would you pronounce that last name? Oh, Touran. Touran. He was a very accomplished dude, sort of the pioneer of the medium. This is early photography and the guy in Paris photography wise at the time. But he invented a battery operated light basically. And is one of the first people ever in the history of photography to use artificial light to take a picture. And over the course of three months, starting in 1861, he went down into the catacombs with, you know, 18 minutes per exposure. Yeah. Took a lot of pictures of the catacombs and they are super cool and creepy pictures from 1861.


They Are creepy. What's cool is because of that 18 minute exposure time, any of the photographs of workers working in the catacombs are actually dummies as stand-ins. Oh, that makes sense. It's, It makes it even a little creepier too If you ask me. Yeah. And those headphones weren't moving, so they're fine. I've got, I I have one more thing for you about dummies in underground places. There's a awesome, one of the great, I'm sure I've talked about before, one of the greatest tourist attractions I've ever been to in my life was in Budapest. Okay. There's something called the Hospital in the Rock, and I think it was maybe World War ii, maybe Cold War, but it was a hospital that they dug out of a cave system on a, like a stone hill in Budapest.


Oh wow. And it's a hospital. It's got like that white creepy subway tile, like there's gurneys everywhere still. And it was like just this emergency hospital in case the, the town ever got bombed or whatever. And they have dummies everywhere, mannequins. And that just, just chefs kisses it for me. Like it makes it so scary even though they're not trying to make it scary. Yeah. It just really is. I think If you have dummies in your tourist attraction, you've just taken it to another level. Like put dummies in your tourist. Don't just leave it for people to use their dumb imaginations. Like give them some dummies dressed up and it'll really make it, you'll you'll be rolling in the dough after that I think.


Yeah, Well at the very least is gonna up the creep factor. 'cause that just dead, dead eyed expression of a dummy has Been great. Right. But If you ever go to Budapest, you have to go to the hospital in the rock. It's amazing. I'm gonna have have to ask Emily, you know, she took a solo trip there a couple of years ago. I, I need to see if she went there. I think I Asked you if she did or not and I don't know if she did, but Probably not. 'cause she would've, I feel like I would've remembered her telling me About that. It definitely seems like it would've been up her alley though. For sure. Yeah. She was like, were there paintings there then I didn't go. The dummies were painted. Their faces were Oh, that's true. What about crime? There's been a lot of crime there over the years because like you said, that's a good place to pop underground and then pop up into somebody's like expensive wine cellar or something.


Yeah. Apparently in 2017 some thieves stole over a quarter of a million dollars worth of wine that was cooling in a cave, I guess. Belonged to some winery. Yeah. Not cool. People have been stealing bones down there since there have been bones down there. Highly illegal. Yeah. You don't wanna do that. I mean just not just for the illegality. That's really disrespectful. Yeah. I think that a lot of them back in the day were to sell to sort of like cadavers sell to medical students. Like, hey, here's a head bone for however many Franks. Right. Shekels. Yeah. What about ghosts, Chuck?


Yeah, of course there's gonna be ghosts down there and there's a couple of more well-known than others. I think the most well known is a guy named Philly Bear, er. Yeah. You can put a little, little emphasis on the T at the end there, Aspert. I think so. Maybe that's a little too much. But somewhere in between those two. I know I'm wrong, but when it comes to French, I just want to drop the last letter of everything. Well, they do that a lot. They they that's how they get you. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Anyway, he worked at a military hospital in the late 18th century and apparently in 1793 got lost in the catacombs with his own lone candle and never found his way out.


And just like, like I said, the convenient thing about dying down there is you just stay there and apparently If you bring a candle there, you hear his voice just before the candle goes Out, he says, welcome. Were you creeped out down there or was it just like, oh, this is a cool thing. It was not at all creepy. It's not presented to be creepy either. It's just it is what it is. Right. Bunch of Bones. I I yeah, I I was not at all creeped out. Yeah. I I gotta go check it out next time there. Did you look up that video, by the way? The one that's like highly likely faked?


Yeah. I, I didn't, I wasn't moved by it at all. Were you? No. There's this video tape that I think it was just like 2017 that circulated that was like, you know, it was like a Blair witch thing. Like is it real? Is it not? It was a guy walking through the catacombs and apparently gets lost and starts to freak out and run and hears sounds and then the last shot you see is like the camera falling to the ground and into like a puddle. And some people say it's real, some people say it's not. It it, I don't know. It feels like it's probably faked, but I wasn't like, oh my God. It was kind of not that interesting. Yeah, agreed. It was like a, a dull two sentence horror story. Yeah. Agreed.


You got anything else about the catacombs? Nope. It's on the list. Yep. You should go. You'll enjoy it. And don't forget the hospital and the Rock too, right? Since Chuck said Right. Of course. That means it's time for a listener. Mayo, Here's a, a correction to our Gong Show episode. Hey guys, there was one big error in this. Oh, I know what this is. Is it an omission? No. Okay. Something we got wrong. What was our omission? Jean? Jean. The dancing machine. Oh Yeah. Can you believe Jean believe we didn't mention Jean Jean the dancing machine in the entire episode. I thought we had, but apparently we didn't. But yeah, I think big shout out to Jean Jean, a legend of that show.


I think both of us thought that we had, because Livia clearly included him in the article as mentioned. Yeah, it was in there and I think we just passed over him and didn't, didn't talk about him, which is just sad. Yeah, no disrespect intended. We both are loved Jean Jean, How do you not Exactly. So this was an era though. Chuck Barra Skies did not invent syndication. It has been around in television forever with some notable 1950 shows such as Sea Hunt and Life with Elizabeth. Nor was the Parent Game the first syndicated game show or even Chuck's first syndicated show. First syndicated game shows came in 1965 E everything's relative and PDQ and Chuck Bar's First Foray in 1969.


The game game initially that was to give local stations some color options since old sitcoms wouldn't be in color. But syndication exploded in 1972 because the FCC gave the seven 30 time slot back to the local stations. And for those stations it was cheaper to buy a game show than make a local, than to make local content. I know this guy's because I'm a bit of a semi-pro TV historian Oh yeah, yeah. With an emphasis on game shows in particular. So I feel a duty when something as broadly misstated as that was. I have to try and correct the record. I had hoped you use Gong this book as one of your sources as it was written by a real life TV historian named Adam Eff.


Okay. Who I've done some research for in the past. Hope you're enjoying the snow today. So this came a little while ago, But that is from Mike Berger in Livonia, Michigan. And Mike, you hang on to your email and we might hitch you up if we ever need any insight on TV history. Yeah, thanks a lot, Mike. I mean criticism from Caesar, that's pretty awesome. Totally. Well, If you wanna be like Mike and just completely devastate us in something we said and just show how utterly wrong we were, we love to hear that stuff. Especially if you're an historian, semipro or otherwise. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


If you are like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hi, This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey folks. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Yep. Delivered online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just $250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. So visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.