
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This is a message from sponsor Intuit TurboTax. You know, taxes was waiting to get your money back, which turned into worrying about getting your money back. Now taxes is matching with the TurboTax expert who can do your taxes two today and help you get up to a $4,000 refund advance loan fast. Get an expert now on turbotax.com only available with TurboTax Live full service refund. Advance has $0 loan fees and 0% a PR refund. Advance loans may be issued by First Century Bank NA, or web bank terms apply subject to approval.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know and we are giving up right out of the gate on our episode about the Barley Marathon. That's right. Our friend Chad, we wanna shout out our friend Chad Crowley, who we've talked about before, who was the producer and director and showrunner of our TV show back in the day. Right. I got this idea from Chad because we had coffee over the holidays and he is running ultra marathons now.


Wow. Which is a very Chad thing to do. Like he starts running a handful of years ago and then now is running Ultras. And I was like, Chad, how long is that? And he said, 60 miles generally. And I said, could you run to Athens? He said, how far is Athens? And I said, I dunno, I can't remember how far. I said like 80 miles. He said, I could run a hundred miles. Wow. But he'd need a ride back. Are you kidding? He said, it might take a while, but I could, I could probably run a hundred miles. And I, I'm just like floored by this idea that people can do this. And he said, he said, man, you should do a, you guys should do an episode on The Barkley Marathons, which I had heard of before. Oh really? Which is this? Yeah. Which is this ultra marathon plus a trail run plus in the mountains of northeastern Tennessee that is known for just being a crazy race, a crazy hard race, and having a, a really unusual origin story.


An unusual founder. And just how it's all done. It's just this remarkable story. And I agree. Yeah. There's a really great documentary from 2017 called The Barclay Marathon Colon, the Race That Eats Its Young, which is a, a nickname for that race. And there's a few people in there who are seasoned trail runners, ultra honers, like people who, who know their stuff and have done crazy things as far as running goes, who are like, this is far and away the hardest race on the planet. Like, there's nobody who's doing anything like this. And If you think you know what you're doing, you're going to be completely amazed at how far off you are in what you thought this was gonna be.


Like. It's that hard. Yeah. You got a chance to watch it. Yeah, it was good. Yeah. And there, there was a guy who was a special operations, like I guess a former, a special ops soldier Yeah. Who was like, I've done crazy stuff with my body and this like that did nothing to prepare me for this. Yeah. It was really well done. It's on YouTube and I recommend watching it. 'cause it really, there, there's a lot of drama that takes place. The year that they did the documentary, I, I think they did it on 2012 or 2013 maybe. Oh, was it? And it came out in 2017 you said. Oh, Okay. So yeah, I was confused at what year it was.


I think it was 2012 or 2013. Okay. And it was, there's a lot of good drama. So we don't wanna spoil some of the stories that happened, but I recommend watching and here we go with Barclay Marathons. Oh, okay. So the whole thing about Barkley Marathons is that you can trace 'em back. I mean, you could start at the very beginning. We talked about in our, what was the one crazy marathon episode we did not too long ago? It was on marathons? No, it was on a specific marathon in I think Los Angeles. Oh, I don't know. We did one of marathons years ago. No, remember the guy who was running the human zoos at the World's Fair came up with a like a, he called it the Special Olympics Marathon.


This was months ago, man. Hey, you can't remember it either, buddy. All right, well I can't remember. You remember it existed at least. Yes. Anyway. Oh, get this. Apparently we did an entire short stuff on Saturn's Rings and didn't mention it. Oh. 'cause I have no recollection of doing a short stuff on Saturn's rings. Do you? I don't remember that. You Do remember we did a Saturn episode that came out like a few days back. I'm so mad at you right now. Don't you? We're still getting emails on that one, so Yes, I do. Okay. All right. Cool. What LA Marathon are you talking about? It might not be LA but it was, it was like just, you remember like that one Italian guy, I think he was running in like oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh.


He'd stop and eat people's fruit and stuff And chat with Everybody. And there were the two guys from Africa who were Like, I remember that now. Yeah, It was, I can't remember where it was or what the name was. Forgot what it was. Yeah. Oh boy. People are just screaming at their pod player right now. The the sad thing is, the whole reason I brought that up, Chuck, was to say that we went over a lot of the origins of marathons in that episode. So we don't need to do that in this episode and in our, can you believe that we just did all that And in our marathons episode. Yeah. Anyway, let's not even do that. Let Air Marathon's been a long, a long time. Yeah. Ultra Marathon started in the 1970s and that's what we're really talking about. And this guy, Gary Trell, AKA Lazarus Lake or l he's in his seventies now.


He is our, he's the creator along with his friend of the Barkley Marathon, whom de named after his friend, a farmer named Barry Barkley in the documentary, very sweetly over the in credits. They asked him with Barry why he named it after Barry. And he said, well, he used to help me with a lot of races and I don't know, it just fit. Yeah. Barkley the, he's a farmer. He is like, he's never run anything like that. Yeah. And he said, I have no idea why he named it after me. Yeah. So there's no real reason, but they're called The Barkley Marathons. And Cantrell has an interesting story in that he is a, a former athlete. He's run supposedly over about 150,000 miles in his life.


But he smokes camel cigarettes, he just floods his body with Dr. Pepper. He's, he's, you know, older gentleman now and has kind of wrecked his legs from all that running. So he hasn't run for a while. But he got interested in this as a boy scout in Tennessee as a teenager or preteen I guess when he was started doing backpacking trips that he hated until he found out there is a great joy in overcoming a hardship, in doing something tough physically and completing a goal and got kind of hooked on that feeling. Yeah. He also apparently really liked the idea that if he continued to work at something, he would continue to improve.


Yeah. And that's a big part of, what's that like running, that's a big part of running, that's a big part of hiking. That's a big part of doing Yeah. Big everything. And that's Hard worth while. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, he got the bug pretty early on. He started running marathons I think in 1966. He started running by high school, he was running marathons and then he started running ultra marathons and he was there like right at the beginning. Yeah. Of the ultra marathon craze, which I think kicked off in 1974 with California's western states 100 a guy named Gordy Ainsley set that up. And so by this time, you know, the ultra marathons were starting to catch on and Gary Cantrell was enough of a runner that he knew of these things.


But he was also married, he was starting to have kids. He had a job as an accountant and he just couldn't travel the country to go participate in Ultrathin. So he started setting his own up around Tennessee. Yeah, exactly. They first took the form of what he called journey runs, which is, this all sounds fun. If I was into running, I would do something like this. But he and his friends would get together and be like, alright, let's run from Knoxville to Nashville, or let's run, I love the through run. Their idea of a through run was either from Alabama or Kentucky running to the other, just straight through Tennessee. Let's run through the state of Tennessee. Right.


Pretty fun idea. They were doing these, they led to some other kind of legit races. I think one of the two is still around the, he called it. And he's always had a sense of humor. You can tell by the way names these things. The last annual Vol State, obviously volunteer state road race, which is a 311 mile run from Missouri to Georgia In 10 days, Missouri to Georgia. Exactly. A 10 day cutoff time, no comfort stations along the way. You have to source all your own food and water and shelter along the way. And then another work, another one called The Idiots Run, which I don't think is around 123 mile gravel all gravel road run.


My God. Yeah. That's so bad. That's just such bad a bad idea. Well, he called it the idiots run for a really good reason. Yeah. And that's the whole, his whole jam is like, he loves coming up with a kind of race that just is at the border between the possibility and the impossibility of human endurance, of what the human body can actually do. Like he wants it just inside of that limit so that you could, If you push yourself enough, complete this, this race. But most people are just not going to be able to because it's so close to impossible. Yeah. I mean, many, many years, the Barkly Marathon has no finisher at all.


Many years. No one makes it to the Fifth Loop. There are four loops that we'll get into all this in a second. It's happening more and more now. I think just there are more veterans that come back that once you kind of know the deal, it, I say it gets a little easier, but you know, a little easier in that it's possible to finish. It's never easy. But I think the veterans have a, a, a, an advantage for sure. Yeah. Because I think, I think the astonishment at how difficult it is Yeah. Probably takes up a lot of your mental energy and focus Oh yeah. While you're, while you're doing it for the first time and that Yeah. Once you've even tried it before and even dropped out, you, you probably are past that and that's gotta be a huge leg up.


Totally. So we should talk a little bit about the whole, the whole basis of all this, right? Or do you want to take a break? Yeah, Let's, let's talk about where this thing's held. Right. Okay. Well, the whole thing is held at Frozen Head State Park. It's named after it says it all, huh? Yeah, it's named after the tallest peak in this state park. It's in northeastern Tennessee, which is kind of, I guess where northeastern Tennessee is, where Virginia and North Carolina come together with Tennessee. It's beautiful area. And this would be in the Cumberland Mountains. And this particular state park is not like the kind you just, you know, go to everybody goes to on the weekends for a picnic. It's pretty remote.


It's 330 acres, but this 330 acres state park is surrounded by 24,000 acres Yeah. Of forest land. And the whole thing, I guess started with convict leasing. So this, this area is like really dark. Yeah. You know? No, totally. And If you look at, you know, they do these aerial shots in the documentary of this prison that we're about to talk about. And it's just, you know, it's in the middle of nowhere, like at the bottom of, you know, sort of a ravine and very inhospitable. I mean, you'd like to think about places like Alaska being like, you know, some of the most inhospitable places in the United States, but I mean, the mountains of Northeastern Tennessee are no joke.


No. And this area is inhospitable because of its terrain and in part because of the weather and the elevation. Yeah. Yeah. But the whole reason there's a prison there is because back in the 19th century, 18th century, Tennessee started making money by leasing its prisoners convicts to mining companies. Yeah. Coal mining companies just make a little extra on the side from forcing your prisoners to engage in hard labor. Right. Well, I think in our man, I need to keep a list of all of our episodes like Handy because I can't remember the name of it, but do you remember that one War, the Strike War in the 19th century and I think coal mines in Wan Wan.


Yes. Thank you. In that episode, we talked a lot about what happened also in Tennessee's coal mines where the labor was taking on management and it was resulting in wars. Well, one of the things that resulted out of this in Tennessee was that the, the laborers, the free laborers who worked for the coal mining companies would frequently help the convicts who were, whose labor was being leased out by the state escape. And so Tennessee was like, well, fine, we're not doing that anymore. But undeterred, they just started setting up their own coal mines and using the, the prisoners directly instead of leasing them out. Exactly. And they needed somewhere to put those prisoners, so, or workers, I guess slash prisoners.


So they built a new prison, it is called Brushy Mountain State Penitentiary. And in the 1930s, a lot of that land eventually became that great conservation area that we were talking about. This 24,000 acres and the New Deal era, civilian Conservation Corps built a lot of trails. It became a natural area, you know, officially in the 1970s. But there are these trails there now. Not like, again, like you said, not like a lot of state park trails that you go to. A lot of these trails are still pretty rough, the prison state open. But what why we're telling you all this is for a couple of reasons.


One is, at one point in the race they navigate through a, a tunnel, like a little water channel that goes under the prison. And that's part of the race route where you're definitely gonna get, get your feet wet. I don't think we mentioned you're running through rivers and things, so like wet feet and it's just a part of the, the challenge of this race. Yeah. But the prison remained open and James Earl Ray, the assassin of Martin Luther King Jr. Was sent there with six other men. He escaped in 1977 from EY Mountain and spent 54 hours in that rugged terrain, eventually being recaptured about eight miles from the prison. And Lazarus Lake Old l Cantrell heard this story heard.


They made it only eight miles in that 54 hours. And he said, man, I could travel a hundred miles through that terrain in 54 hours. So he invents this race sort of inspired by this. He said that he still gets hate mail every year and angry letters for people that think it's some sort of tribute to James Earl Ray. And he's like, no, it's the opposite. Like it, it was started because I'm making fun of the fact that this guy only made it eight miles and we're doing a hundred. Right, right. 130. Really? You want to take a break? Yeah, let's take a break. We know the name of the marathon, we know where it takes place. We know who started it and where it came from.


And we'll be back with more on The Barkley Marathons right after this.


This is Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


May is National Pet Month, so it's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet experts, pet Tivity, smart litter box monitor and app track your cat's weight and litter box behavior alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own. So you can act sooner if something is off. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor during Amazon's Pet Days event in May to save on this game changing technology. Add it to your wishlist to get notified when the sale begins.


You know, buying a home used to be a headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, for pre-approval, for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. That's right. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. And that's rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Yeah. And you'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insights and more all the things that you need to make the kind of informed decisions that can make a big difference for you and your family. That's right. So whether you're buying your first home, managing home ownership tasks or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership, whether you're buying or refinancing, you just have to give a look because it's all there. Rock it, own the dream.


So like you said, I think in 1977, James Earl Ray Escapes and Cantrell lived in the area. He said it was big news at the time, so he was aware of this. And a few years later, he and his friend Carl hen known as Raw Dog for reasons that I don't want to ask about. They decided I don't think it was In 1985. I don't thinking About that. You Don't know. All right, you're good Point. So they decided to hike into the state park. This is, this is a place where he's like, okay, like we could totally do so many more than eight miles in 54 hours. Let's go check this out and have fun. And like you said, most of this area are not nature trails where like there's signs posted, there's a path you can look down and follow.


Like these are hard to find trails that you need to know how to use a compass a a contour map. Like all you have to, you have to be good at orienteering is what it's called. That's right. In addition to hiking and putting up with all sorts of terrible dis uncomfortable stuff and pushing your, your limits. So these guys were like, let's just go for a fun hike for a day. Yeah. And they showed up there, there was a park ranger that was like, you guys should leave. Like you shouldn't be out there. It's like, it's not like you think you're gonna get lost, you're going to get hurt, you're gonna need rescue. They ignored him.


They did make it through. They did an eight mile, they Didn't even, they didn't even like Yeah. Note his, his existence. Yeah. He just walked right by. They made this eight mile hike, this loop. But it took him a full day, which is, You know, you, you should be able to hike much more than eight miles in a day and it required a lot of orienteering, like you said, and paying attention to that kind of thing. And he said, all right, I think I have an idea here for a race. Let's make a a nearly impossible to finish race. I think it, it is kind of hard to tell because there's not, there's not a website for this. You can't get like historical, I mean people have written about it since then, but you can't get like the official website documentation on this race and history because it doesn't exist.


They keep it very much under wrap. So the way he tells it on the documentary, it was always supposed to be a hundred miles, but no one ever did more than the first three loops out of the five. Yeah. I think though maybe this first version was shorter. It was about a 50 to 55 mile course. It was held over April Fool's Day weekend, 1986. And the initial cutoff was 24 hours with 13 participants and zero people finishing. Yeah. And this is just a 50 to 55 mile version. Like you said officially the, the current Barclay marathon is a hundred mile when in reality it's also like 120 to 130 miles based on reports from people who've actually run it.


Right. Yeah. I mean he changes the route every year, right. A little bit. That's why it, it varies, but the year they did the documentary, it was documented at 130 and everybody is like, it's not a hundred. Just just stop saying that. So The the first version, like you said, is three loops. And it wasn't until two years after the first one that the, somebody completed it. And I mean we're talking like dozens of people attempting this and it took three times before one person finished. And there was something about this that I don't know if we've mentioned yet, just this first version, there was an elevation gain of 24,000 feet.


So all of the times you went up and down, If you count all the ups, it would equal 24,000 feet in elevation that you've climbed over these three loops. And that is a lot. And in fact, the guy who finished frozen ed fer Yeah. He was just Ed Ferta until he won. Then from then on he was frozen. Ed Ferta. Yeah. He thought that there was a misprint in ultra running Mag Magazine that the elevation was actually 2,400 feet, not 24,000. Yeah. Yeah. And I guess we can go ahead and tell everybody, the current iteration, like we said, is supposedly a hundred, but it's really more like 130 miles. It's got a 60 hour time limit and the elevation is the total elevation climb over that race.


If you finish it is 60,000 feet, which is equivalent to Hawking, to walking up and back down Mount Everest twice. Yes. Yeah. So yeah, the total elevation's 120,000 because yeah, If you go up 60,000 feet and you're coming back down, you gotta come down 60,000 feet. Yes. It's harder to climb up, but it's not that easy to go down too, especially if you're on an incline. And that's a big part of it too, is sliding into things like briers and saplings and Yeah, it's, it's rough. Like just watching like the effects on some of the runner's bodies and like what they were coming back to camp looking like was, Oh my god, Pretty bad. Some guy had like a head wound and they show him like slipping on rocks and hitting his forehead.


It was really, it's nuts with these people are doing to themselves. Yeah. I mean their legs are all just, 'cause these briars, they have to go through one part, which is a really heavy briar area, but every single person's legs are just thrashed. Like it looks like ground meat. Oh yeah. Like disgusting bleeding. Their feet are disgusting and, and blistered and, and just riddled with, I think the one guy that, and we'll get to the stops, but the one guy, they were like, it would take you eight hours to fully dry your feet out. So You know, you can't, you're not gonna get dry feet. Right. Which, which is a big problem. And, and they're basically not sleeping Right.


When you, when you complete a loop, you have what's called an interloper period where you can do whatever you want. You can take however much time you want to get. You can get first aid, you can eat, you can drink, you can rest, you can change your clothes and socks. You can take a nap If you want, but that clock is still running. So how long you wait is is up to you. I think the, the winner that year said he slept about an hour total. So just try staying up and awake for 60 hours in a chair And without drugs. Yeah, Exactly. And these people are, are doing this and you know, we say it's a, it's a run, like a lot of this is hiking and bouldering and walking and crawling.


So it's not like they're running the whole time, but it's just brutal. Yeah. It really is. One of the other things that really kind of gets us across too is, is in what you said. So you're, you've got 60 hours to finish and from the start the clock's always ticking, right? Yeah. But you're going 130 miles. So If you do the math, Olivia helps us with this. And she pointed out that thank goodness Yeah. You could sleep for two, eight hour nights and still finish this course at a 20 minute mile pace, which you, you can basically do on your hands and knees and still complete it within the 60 hour cutoff. So the fact that some people can't even finish the first loop Yeah.


Goes to show you how difficult this is. That if it were flat it would be beyond easy. But those same cal those same limits, the time limit and the length put on this, this particular terrain or in this topography is just, it, it changes absolutely everything. Oh yeah. I, this 12 hour time limit per loop must have come in after the documentary. Right. Yeah. That confused me too because they, they were finishing in like 13 hours and something like that. I I didn't get that. So yeah, I think it must have been a, a new one. Yeah, I think so. So finishing the three loops, If you finish three loops, that is considered a fun run and that is a designation and that is a huge accomplishment.


Yeah. Just to finish the fun run we should add, he, he also has a, a baby Barkley in the fall, the Berkeley Barkley Fall Classic, which is a, a 50 K, so 31 miles and that has about 400 runners, but only about 35 to 40 participants are allowed per year to compete in this thing because of, you know, it's out in nature so that the state won't let them have like hundreds of people, like not a ton of people can go watch. It's just like family. And I think some, you know, former winners can be there and it's, you know, it's a pretty small operation 'cause they just can't, you know, run rough shot over the area, but Right. They have the 60 hours to complete now 12 hours per loop.


The first loop is run clockwise. The second loop, which is at night will go counterclockwise. And then again, day night, clockwise, counterclockwise. And then this is pretty devious the final fifth loop, If you get there, the first person to finish the fourth gets a choice which way they wanna run. And then they start splitting people up. 'cause almost everybody runs with a buddy or two. It really, really helps to have someone out there and they're really helping each other. But at the end he's like, you're gonna lose your buddy. Which way do you wanna run? And the first person will say, I'll go clockwise. The next person has to go counterclockwise. And then they alternate.


So at some point if they finish that fifth loop, they're gonna pass their former buddy going in the opposite direction. Right. Yeah. And in the documentary Kentrell points out like these, by this time, these people who had like formed serious bonds by running together totally on these loops are now direct competitors. Like now it's a race because they're in the fifth loop and whoever's gonna finish and what time they finish at Yeah, yeah. Is going to determine the actual winner. Like now there's a possible winner. Yeah. And everything changes. So I don't, they probably don't like class pans and then, you know, they're, they're pulled apart, you know, sadly when they have to go in different directions at that point.


Yeah. I think it's probably, it makes it a lot tougher. But I get the idea that If you make it, if you're one of the maybe two, maybe three maximum four people that are even on the fifth loop, then that's when things get serious. As in that's when it turns into an actual race. Yeah. That's, that's what I took it as too. And one thing that I didn't get, I got from context, I didn't see it anywhere because I guess it's so obvious no one thought it needed to be spelled out except me. But it's the same loop, right? Yeah. Okay. So they're doing the same loop five times, which is why they do it clockwise and counterclockwise in different ones at day and night so that you can't just be like, yep, I remember this, this is nothing.


Now I remember exactly what the trail is. You, you're, you're super disoriented the first time. Yeah. But it's not like you have it down pat after that first loop necessarily. Yeah. And it, it definitely doesn't seem like it gets easier because they were finishing when they were fresh lagged at Loop one. They were finishing in about eight or nine hours for the fastest times. And then those fastest people were doing like 12 and 13 hours on the next loop through the darkness. Yeah. And we should mention the, the weather, you know, it's with these huge elevation changes, you're gonna go from temperatures sometimes in April in the eighties where it's low to like 10 degrees at night.


They have about a hundred gallons of water they put out randomly on the course. Like there are no technical water stations, but you'll just happen upon a jug of water. And and Laz said that, you know, one year they were 108 pound blocks of ice because it was 10 degrees at Elevation. Yeah. This Is just crazy. I say we take a break and talk about how you would get into this race and then what it's actually like running it. Yeah, let's Do it. Okay. This is With Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees.


Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See capital one.com/bank Capital one, NA member FDIC. Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anate Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort.


Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years, don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply. May is National Pet Month. So it's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet experts.


Pet Tivity, smart litter box monitor and app Track your cat's weight and litter box behavior alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own. So you can act sooner if something is off. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor during Amazon's Pet Days event in May. To save on this game changing technology, add it to your wishlist to get notified when the sale begins.


All you renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows that feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash gone. It's like throwing money away. And even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. Yeah. It can make you feel like you'll never be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing here so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments toward home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. That's right. And if this sounds like something that could make a difference in your life, call 800 the number four rocket or visit rocket.com today to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800. The number four Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30.


All right, so we're back. The race is about to begin. We should point out too, the other thing to keep in mind is If you quit, quit near the start finish line. Right. Because like a lot of people finish like a loop and they're like, I'm out. Or maybe the two or a lot of people get to that third fun run and they say that's good enough for me. The one guy in the documentary quit and it took him 10 hours to navigate back. 'cause it's not like they send somebody out, you don't tap out on radio and they come and get you. Yeah. You just decide I can't do this anymore. And then you very slowly walk back to the finish line. Yeah. And at some point you might as well be like, well at least I guess I'm gonna have to finish the first loop.


I might as well keep going that direction. Yeah, no, totally. Or if they're, I mean it depends on where you are. If you're below the halfway point, a lot of people come back the way they came. Right? Yeah. So going even back before the, the start of the race, you said that the Barclay Marathon has no website and that is intentional. The whole thing is meant to be kept largely a secret. There's there's not a website, there's not like some information on this is how you apply. You have to use basically your investigative skills just to figure out Gary Cantrell's email to email to ask to apply.


And they make it really, really hard to apply for this because in part they're just weeding out people who don't have even the beginning of the motivation and dedication. Right? Yeah, yeah. To, to complete this race. Like If you can't even go to this trouble to like really do your research to figure out how to apply. Yeah. Then don't even bother trying to apply. There's no website, no thanks. Exactly. And If you do wanna apply, you have to cough up a dollar 60. Yeah. That's a, a non-refundable application fee. I think most people send in two single dollar bills because he says they don't give change and he every year chooses, you know, he chooses a range of people.


Some of them are very experienced, some of them are random. Every year he chooses one human sacrifice that he said the runners even appreciate, even at the expense of not getting in themselves. He chooses one person that has no business being there in the year of the documentary, that poor guy made it six hours. Yeah. Before And I knew as soon as that guy headed out in his, his camouflage cargo pants. Right. I was like, this guy, what is he doing? What's he wearing? So he didn't make it very far. No, he didn't. And he was like, this is six hours, man. Like he didn't make it very far at all. No. And this guy was way more qualified to do it than like the average person.


Like it wasn't like he was just some, like he went and plopped the guy outta McDonald's like mid bite in of a Big Mac and threw him on the trail. Like no, no, this guy was in pretty decent shape and he thought that he had a chance. It's not like he's like, yeah, I'm going to go be the sacrificial human. Right. Right. I'm, he thought like he was going to try to complete it. He didn't even, I don't even think he made it halfway through the first loop, did he? No, I don't think so. No, no. It was pretty funny and sad. He took it on the chin. Like a, like a like a big boy though. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine if he'd started like yelling and Right. You just brought me out here to make fun of me. Right. A little bit more about the application process.


Everyone knows it takes place generally around April Fool's Day, they send in an essay to get in with weird prompts. Like one year it was what's the most important vegetable group? One of the women, I think she was in the documentary that year, Beverly Abs, who by the way, that year completed the fun run. So quite an achievement. She said she was told to send the application in exactly at midnight on Christmas Day in the time zone where Lazarus Lake was. So she had to figure out where he was at the time. And then she wrote a poem as her essay and she got in. Right. And then once you get in, you get a letter that says, I'm sorry to inform you that you have been accepted and basically misery awaits you.


Yeah. That's the whole, the whole jam, the way that it's treated is like, you're like, you're not going to finish. You're a dummy for even trying, there's this weird kind of push pull going on that, that Gary Cantrell established basically outta the gate that's based on his kind of impish sense of humor. Yeah. And so that means that like you're just as likely to be abused or mocked when you like quit as you are to be told like, Hey, you completed one loop. That's pretty good. Just in and of itself. It just, I guess depends on what his mood is right then. And a lot of people like aren't, don't really like this guy that much.


They, like, If you don't, if you're not tuned into his sense of humor, you you're probably not gonna like him. You might find him obnoxious or Yeah. You know, might find him just mean. But If you are tuned into it, I think he's, he's pretty funny, like reading about him on paper and reading interviews with him, I was like, I don't really like this guy. Yeah, yeah. And then I saw him in the documentary. I'm like, oh, okay. Same. He, he's, he's just hard to translate into a description and when you see him talk yourself, you're like, ah, yeah, he's he's fine. Yeah. He's, he's one of the, the great eccentrics of the world. And sometimes those people are hard to, to pin down. Exactly. You know. Exactly. They don't fit into a box. I know. But he has to. Right.


Some other fun things. If you're a first time runner, you bring a license plate from your home state or home country and he makes these cool signs out of them and hangs them up. If you, you have to bring a gift as well If you were a part of the race. If you are a first time runner, you have to bring an article of clothing. And the documentary was very funny. He said it kind of depends on what he needs. One year it was a bunch of white Oxford shirts. Another year it was socks. Another year it was flannel shirts. And then If you have finished the race and you come back to race again, you have to bring him a pack of camel cigarettes. Yeah. And the camel cigarettes play a big role because the start of the race is marked officially by him lighting a cigarette. So everybody's standing there at this gate, that's the, the official starting line for the race and just standing there waiting for him to light the cigarette.


And he finally does. And it's like a random time. I think it was like 8:11 AM when, when the whole thing started and he lights a cigarette and soon everybody takes off. Yeah. When you, when you get accepted, you know what day it's gonna be on. You go, you camp out in the campground and you're just sort of waiting for him to blow the con. He blows a conch sometime between midnight and noon on the Saturday of that weekend. You don't know when it's coming. So if he blows it at, you know, 7:00 AM or sometime in the morning you're up all night, you're not getting sleep 'cause you're so amped up and ready for this. Right. And apprehensive. 'cause you don't know when it starts again. He is just sort of messing with people. Yeah. And so when he decides to blow the conk, he blows the conk.


That means you have one hour and everybody, you know, starts getting ready to go. At that point. There is no prize. We should also mention Yeah. The prize is just finishing this thing. Yeah. I mean there's bragging rights for sure. Like If you, If you told any ultra marathon runner, you know, trail runner that you completed the, the Barkley marathon. Oh yeah. Like they would drop to their knees and and start kissing your rings. Yeah. Like it's a big deal to have finished this. And yet there's also like, from Gary Cantrell's perspective, from everything that I've read, the way that he describes it is like he's giving people an opportunity to push themselves to the, their maximum possible limits.


Yeah. Because remember this race is intended to be just inside the, the possible the human, the possibility of the human body. Right? Yeah. So If you can complete it, like you are doing all sorts of things that you never thought you were capable of doing. Yeah. Like your mental endurance is among Oh man, the greatest of people walking around. Yeah. And so yeah, it's a, it's way more than just bragging rights. Like if you're, if you're into bragging rights, you're probably not even gonna finish the first loop. Like if that's why you're doing it and you somehow got accepted, it's not gonna translate. So these people don't care about bragging rights even though they, they would have bragging rights for Life. Yeah, totally. I like that one dude, the, the longhaired guy from Arizona in the documentary that, that was his first one.


He just had a cool vibe. Like everyone had a pretty cool vibe. Like it's a really, it has a great spirit of of, of helping one another out. And during the interloper periods where they're, which is by the way, the only time they're allowed to have their sort of aid crew with them. Like they don't, you know, they can't get helps along the way. Right. So this is when they see other people and there's other former winners there and when people drop out they stick around and they're really helping people get their, their feet together and they're giving them dry socks and feeding them and it's just a real great spirit of sort of comradery and helping one out another out it feels like. Yeah. It's pretty cool. Yeah. Because as people get paired down, the people around them are like, they want to see somebody succeed then.


Yeah. For sure. Pretty cool. Real quick, what else? As far as housekeeping? No GPS, That's a big one. They can wear a little cheap or they're given a little cheap watch and I think they banned altimeters in 2014 or 12 or something. Something like that. Yeah. E either way you're stripped down to like the bare essentials. Yeah. And you have a map, but you don't have a copy of their map. They give you the master map to use to trace the route onto your own map. Right. And If you trace it incorrectly, well that's ts for you. Yeah. And people do get lost like a lot. There was one guy who, oh man, don't remember what year it was.


Oh, in 2006. Yeah. This guy wandered off God the course and spent 32 hours trying to get back. Oh man. And in the end he only was, he only did like two miles of the actual course. He wandered so far off course. So the way he put it, he, he did 16 hour miles in this race. God, I felt so bad for that guy. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then what else? Chuck, This isano to me, this is kind of one of the coolest things. 'cause the whole time until we had gotten to this part, I was like, well how do they know that people are running that route? 'cause they're not staked out along the way. In the documentary they had some people staked out a little bit just to get some footage, but it's not like they have people at checkpoints that are making sure they're on the route and all that.


He did something pretty lo-fi in Genius, which was he puts 10 books out, 10 to 12 depending on the year, at different points along the way. And you have to rip the page out corresponding to your bib number. And that is the proof that you ran the real route. You have to show up with, depending on how many books, 10 or 11 pages when you touch that start finish line and you have to turn them over to Cantrel and he has to look 'em over and verify it. Yeah. And I'm guessing do they, they are the books in the same place every time? Ah, that I'm not sure about, But I do know that they hide 'em. They're not just always out in plain sight. Like the, one of the things you're having to stay oriented, you're having to push your body and endure.


And then you're also at the same time having to make sure you don't drop past one of the books. So you have to backtrack and, and get the page out. Yeah. I mean the one guy, the year of the documentary that won and set the record, I think he said he spent a couple of hours looking for the book at One stop. Thank God I would lose my mind man. Oh yeah. And also if you're like, well how do you get the same page 11 times? You get a different bib number for each loop. So you would be tearing out a different page each time. Yeah. And I think there was a story just last year, in fact, there was a French runner who got to the final loop to find that a book was, was gone. There was a day hiker that thought the race was over and took the book as a memento.


So he is like, what do I do? He completed the race and when he got back to the gate, they had turned the book in. So they, they counted that. That's awesome. Yeah. I've read about one runner too, who I think this, I don't remember what year it was, maybe 2016 or 17. He made it, he showed up six seconds after time. Oh my God. And, but he had all his pages and they said like he was just collapsed on the ground and he said, I have all my pages, but he, he didn't make it by six seconds. You know, I bet that he feels a great sense of accomplishment though. I would think so. Sure. Like, he finished that thing.


Six seconds be damned. You know, You'd have to be one hell of a perfectionist to be like, well I failed. Right. Technically. Yeah, For sure. I think there was one more piece of housekeeping here. Housekeeping. Oh, that's right. When a runner gives up, a guy named Dave Hen, who is a, a race volunteer plays taps on a bugle. Yeah. And that's Carl Raw Dog Hen's son. Oh, is it? It is Raw Dog Jr. Yeah. Little raw dog Or the third. Yeah. He said, he said that he thinks the reason why is because it's just one final punishment for you from Gary Cantrell to, to basically be humiliated with taps.


Yeah. Then on the, on the other side, some runners, when they finish, especially when they, they actually complete the race. He has one of those staples easy buttons Yeah. That they press and when you press it, a voice goes, that was easy. Yeah. It was really fun to watch. It was someone just like on their last leg, literally you're bleeding at the legs and he's like, hit the button. Right. Because that was easy. Yeah. The, the guy who was on the documentary was, I think his name was John Kelly, he finished second of two I think that year. Oh wow. Or maybe three. And he, they show him and he's just totally out of it. Like he's sitting on a, on a chair with people surrounded surrounding him talking and Yeah.


Yeah. He's just in another world like totally out of his skull. 'cause he hadn't slept at all like that whole time. Yeah. 60 hours. It's crazy. Oh man. The one guy that couldn't in the documentary that, that tapped out and was just like crying. Oh, I don't remember him. Which one? Oh boy. That was tough. He had kind of dark, curly hair and he was pretty pumped up going into it about his chances and yeah, I mean, what can you say about a race where like whatever, probably 98% of the people never finished it. Right. Maybe more. Maybe 99. That was a, well, yeah, so I think officially 20 out of a thousand plus people have finished.


So I'm sure we have some, there's math sixth graders who can calculate that for us and send it in. Let me see. Last, I'm sorry. This year there were a record, five people completed it, and that is, I, I think the maximum before that may have been three, maybe four. But usually it's one, maybe two or zero last, I'm sorry. This year a woman was a finisher for the first time Yasmine Paris or Perry. I don't know how she pronounces it. She came in two minutes short of the deadline to finish that race. Yeah. So she finished with two minutes left. Right. That's incredible. Yeah, It really is. And one of the reasons it's incredible is 'cause Gary Cantrell, this is another reason a lot of people don't like him for years and years and years, he would say publicly, there's no woman out there who could possibly finish this race.


And you know, he was criticized for saying that kind of thing because there's plenty of amazing women marathoners and ultramarathons and trail runners. And he defended it by basically saying, if a woman could defeat this, it would be exactly the kind of woman who would need to hear somebody say something like, A woman would never be able to complete this. Yeah. I Got, yeah. And I don't know if I'm being an apologist, but I got the idea that a lot of that was sort of goading Yes. Someone to finish like that. That's How I took it too. Yeah. Like deep down he's like, there's gonna be a woman that's gonna do this and maybe I need to stoke the fire a little bit. Right. So finally, yeah, it was, I think Jasmine Paris, I, she's a, she's a Brit who teaches at the University of Scotland.


Did you say that part? No, I also said Yasmine Paris. So I Know I didn't miss You. I was just generally correcting you. Oh, I'm sure it was Jasmine Paris, Yasmine Piri, Who else? In 2024, a mechanical engineer named Jared Campbell became the first four time finisher. He's in the documentary. And an interesting just sort of side note in this, and Livia pointed it out, but then when you watch the documentary, it really hits home is that it seems like this race and ultra marathoning and this sort of endurance thing attracts people of very, very high intelligence. I felt like every person they interviewed were like, I'm an engineer, I'm a, I'm a scientist.


And they talked to, to almost called 'em Barkley, to, to Lazarus about this, to Cantrell in the documentary. And he said, yeah. He said, those are the achievers in life. Those are the people that go to graduate school and go to get their doctoral thesis. And people who set hard goals and accomplish them. It just sort of fits. And I never really thought about that, that tie, but I, I don't think there's a lot of dumb dumbs that do stuff like this. No. Although, even though it's a dumb dumb thing to, to be a dumb dumb to do it. It's a weird dichotomy. Yeah. I say we finished on the story of John Fea Rei. All right, let's hear it. He was a runner in, oh, I don't know what year he ran, but he was an experienced ultra marathon runner.


He participated in the Bad Water Ultra Marathon, which runs through Death Valley, 135 miles. Yeah. And he was like, this is, that's nothing, I'm paraphrasing. Yeah. I'm sure he wouldn't say this, but he was basically like, that's you, you can't even really compare the two. And he completed it. And he was so incoherent from sleep deprivation that he apparently didn't remember, like downing a pint of Ben and Jerry's ice cream, like at the finish line. And he had no idea that he'd done that. And he spent the next day and a half just laying around the campground recovering. So after that time, he is like, all right, I, I guess I'll drive home.


And he started falling asleep on the way home. So he had to stop and check himself into a hotel where he slept for another 16 hours straight. Oh man. That's called human exhaustion. Yeah. And I say we, we quietly close the door and leave John to his slumber. That's right. And go on to listener mail. We, I do wanna shout out the record though, Brett Mon, who is won it a few times now. I think he's a Physicist, the record, current record right now is Lies with Brett at 52 hours, three minutes and eight seconds.


Very nice. Just incredible. You woke John up. That's Right. Sorry Sean. Go back to sleep. Here's your chub chubby hubby. Well, that's the best. I can't find it anymore. I can't either. It's people say it exists. I get pictures occasionally emails, but it doesn't exist in Atlanta. That's sad. What did Atlanta do to be so punished? I Know. I don't need ice cream anymore Anyway, which is the saddest part of this story. Alright, I'm gonna call this lake versus pond. We got a quite a few emails. I, by the way, wanna mention one differentiator we saw said that the difference they heard between Lake versus Pond is if, if sunlight can reach the bottom, if it can, then it's a pond.


Hmm. If it can't, then it's a lake. But that's great. This comes from Mark. Hey guys. The answer I think depends on who you ask. But as an ambassador from the land of 10,000 Lakes, Minnesota, which is technically eight 11,842 lakes, perhaps I have a bit of clout. Most, most folks would assume the difference has something to do with size and depth. It's not quite that simple though. According to a 2012 CBS news article, a retired DNR water supervisor, Glenn Yle, suggests that a lake needs to be large enough and deep enough to allow for wave action to be considered a lake that can clear vegetation from its shoreline. Pond, on the other hand, lacks this wave action, meaning its shoreline is typically surrounded by vegetation without clear boundaries.


But guys, it gets even more complicated. Government agencies often have regulatory thresholds that lead to discrepancies per state. For example, here in Minnesota with our 11,842 lakes has fewer lakes than Wisconsin. And any Wisconsinite will gleefully point out that they have 15,000. But here's where the differences come into play. While they do have 15,000 lakes, their definition includes a body of water within an area of at least 2.5 acres. And Minnesota. Our standards are higher. And to qualify as a lake here, we must cover at least 10 acres. If we had lowered our threshold to match Wisconsin's, we wouldn't dare dream of it though we'd have over 20,000 lakes. Wow, Chuck.


I feel more lake informed than I ever have been in my entire life. For real. That is from Mark. Mark said, always pleasure to listen to you guys with my boys who are six and seven and big fans. And Mark had replied with their names and I'm very frustrated 'cause I cannot find that reply. So let me just say Mark and Sons of Mark, thank you for the support. Yes, and I can vouch for Chuck Mark. We just edited out many minutes of him searching for that email, so he really did give it a try. Sorry guys, but there's six and seven, so maybe that's for the best. Right? If you wanna be like Mark and his unnamed sons, you can write to us as well. Send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC


May is National Pet Month. So it's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet experts. Pet Tivity, smart litter box monitor and app. Track your cat's weight and litter box behavior alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own, so you can act sooner if something is off. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor during Amazon's Pet Days event in May. To save on this game changing technology, add it to your wishlist to get notified when the sale begins.


This is the soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.