
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know the man. This is a bummer edition. Yeah. The the Zero Laughs Edition. 'cause we're talking about The Highway of Tears and there's no other way around it. This is just a devastating topic. Yeah, we should tell people, I mean, The Highway of Tears is fairly famous. It's kind of been in the, in the news and in pop culture, I guess for a while, I guess at least since the nineties, but really in the early two thousands I think is when it picked up.


Regardless, it is a stretch of desolate highway that runs from in British Columbia up in Canada from the, the port city of Prince Rupert all the way into the interior to Prince George. And it's, I think 720 kilometers, almost 450 miles, and it's known as Highway 16 officially. But the stretches of this highway are so desolate, so remote, and so sparsely populated that it has become a haven for murderers who pick people up, mostly women, mostly indigenous women on this road, and either make them disappear forever or murder them.


And it's, it's endemic in this area, so much so that it's caught national attention at just how poorly this group of women are being treated and, and their families as well. Yeah, it's, you know, as you'll see, it's, and you know, there are many reasons for this, but it's a, a heavily hitched, hiked road, and that can be very dangerous. And so a lot of times these are, are hitchhikers people just trying to get from one place to another. And like you said, they are, you know, either sexually assaulted or murdered or both. And this, these are the people that, you know, like they found bodies there are, you know, dozens and dozens more than these dozens who have survived attacks and rapes along that stretch of highway.


So, you know, it's no secret why it's called The Highway of Tears. Big thanks to Olivia for enduring this topic and helping us out with it. And big thanks to Al Jazeera where she got a lot of information from a six part series they did in 2021. Yeah, there's a lot of good sources. The CBC, the Vancouver Sun's a good one. The, there's, there's been a decent amount of coverage, but it's, it's not the kind of coverage you would get when, say like, like a a, a Caucasian girl goes missing, which we'll talk about. It's the kind of coverage about how this group of people have just been totally, basically left on their own to deal with something like this, that they have, they don't have the resources to deal with this.


And it's just such a terrible story. The story's so much larger than this collection of Yeah. Murders. But at the core, that's what it comes down to, just women who are treated like disposable beings. Yeah. And, and the whole thing starts at the very, at the very earliest, as far as anyone knows, the first murder that's become part of what you would call the cannon of The Highway of Tears, murders, and, and abductions started in 1969, A woman named Lavinia, Gloria Moody, was murdered on Highway 16. And it went, kind of went along like that for a while.


There was, but, but no one had kind of put together this whole group of people and call it The Highway of Tears, and they wouldn't for years to come. But at the time, there was enough going on that they had coined this term, the highway murders. And by 1981, enough women and girls had been murdered or gone missing along Highway 16, that a group of Royal Canadian mounted police detectives from all over British Columbia. And I think Alberta got together and decided to kind of compare notes and see if, if, if they could solve some of these unsolved cases. Yes, absolutely. While this was going on, you know, when the, when the cops were sort of slowly coming around to the idea that there was a, a specific problem along this stretch, the families were getting involved, the families of the missing the families of those who were found dead, and, you know, they organized their own efforts.


One case that really kind of brought everything to even more of ahead was the case of Ramona Wilson. And this was in June of 1994. She was 16 years old, and she went to go meet up with a friend to go to some, you know, end of the year school graduation parties. She never got there. And her mom, Matilda was like, the cops don't really seem to care much that this happened. And so the locals got together and they started organizing. They started doing, you know, going on search parties and, and looking out for her. They ultimately, you know, very sadly discovered her body about 10 months later at an airport, her clothes were found near her with some rope and some cabling.


And so her, her mom and her older sister, Brenda, and you know, other members of her family in the community got together and said, all right, the the least we can do is try and raise some awareness since no one seems to be paying attention. So they got a memorial walk together in June of 95, which became an annual thing. Yeah. There was another woman who really deserves a lot of credit for bringing national attention to this. She's a a we soan Nation woman. And in 1998 there was a vigil where she coined the term highway of Tears, which I, I can't, I I don't think you can really calculate how much that helped this case. It was like, Hey, media, here's a nice little tiny package for you to report on.


It's even got a catchy name despite, you know, the actual obvious emotion behind calling it The Highway of Tears. I think it really helped quite a bit. And Florence Naze also is credited with starting a walk that covered the entire, again, 450 mile stretch Yeah. Of highway of, of The Highway of Tears for the first time that walk's been made, scores of times by now o over the years by family members and community members and members of other nations who've gotten involved to try to again, help ask for resources, ask to get the police involved more, because that's another recurring theme throughout this Chuck, is that the police have shown over and over again opportunity after opportunity to just not really seem to care.


Yeah, absolutely. She had already been working, you know, to raise awareness when very tragically it hit hit home for her in a more personal way when one of her family members, a woman named Tamara Chipman went missing in 2005. And, you know, all this is going on through the, you know, I think it was 1981 when the cops finally started sort of getting together and comparing notes. And that was after at least 12 years since the first known murder. And it took all the way into the two thousands for things to really take a turn. And that was when very tragically a woman named Nicole Hoer was killed.


She was 25 years old and she was white. She disappeared in 2002. And this is what really brought the national attention. You've heard a journalist named Gwen Eiffel in the United States coined the term missing white woman syndrome, which is the idea that it takes a, a white person to be, you know, the victim of a crime for anyone to kind of sit up and take notice. And members of indigenous communities or marginalized communities are often overlooked and underfunded and under, under-resourced. And, you know, the cases are kind of swept under the rug. And that's exactly what was going on in Canada for many, many years, and still is to a certain degree.


Yeah. And again, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police have been called to task time and time and time again for, for not taking this stuff seriously enough, not devoting the enough resources to it, but also the media is largely responsible too. Not, not just in this case, but in any case of a missing or murdered woman who's not white in the United States or Canada. They get much less coverage and the intensity of the coverage is much less too, compared to, to white women. And that's not just anecdotal. I was reading at least one study on it from 2000 th 16, I think, in the Journal of Law and Criminology, and they were like, yes, we, we analyzed the stuff.


And it's absolutely true. Yeah. So there's like a, but there's a bitter gratitude involved because the death of Nicole Hoer, she, it like it did bring a lot of attention to this. Yeah, Yeah, For sure. And it, and you just can't, you can't deny that. And so that's good, but at the same time, it's just like, man, why Does it take then, you Know, we've been, we've been having to, to, we've been trying to deal with this for decades and now this one white girl is, becomes part of the, the, the crowd of, of murdered girls. And like now, now people care. It's gotta be really tough to take. And I know I called her a girl and I, she was 25, so she was a woman, but there's like this, this whole group is made up of women and girls.


Yeah, yeah. I know it's not interchangeable, but it's important to say like some of these, I mean, what the youngest victim was 12 Monica Jacks I think died in, in the late seventies and maybe 1978. Like there are plenty of girls who were picked up and murdered. There are also plenty of women too, but, and not all of them were indigenous, A lot of 'em were white. But the cops, as they started to get together, came up with some criteria that they applied to these cases that kind of narrowed the, the, the search, but also brought on new cases that they hadn't, they hadn't considered before as we'll see.


Yeah. So in 2005, this is just a few years after Nicole Hoer brought more attention to the issue. The, the RCMP, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police will probably call them that RCMP, maybe Mounties. Do they still go by that? I think so. Whether they like it or not, everybody calls 'em Mounties. Yeah. They launched what was called the Unsolved homicide Unit, launched something called Project e Pana. The letter E that was just the, the division of the RCMP and Panna is named after an Inuit goddess who cares for souls in the Afterworld. And they, their, you know, their official designation was, Hey, we think we have a serial killer, maybe more than one out there on this highway of tears.


It's a pretty, like you said, a pretty great place to get away with a crime like that because it's so desolate. Up until recently, there were long, long, long, long, long stretches where you had no cell phone service even so you couldn't, you know, call anyone If you were in trouble. Not very many people around and plenty of animals around to take care of bodies and the remains. So they found some commonalities in three teenage girls, Ramona Wilson, who I mentioned, a woman named Roxanne Thera, 15 years old from Prince George. This is a very sad case. She was in the, in the foster system and the juvenile incarceration system and the, she eventually had to turn to survival sex, which is a term for, for women who are forced to resort to sex work, to feed and clothe themselves.


And it's usually means like instead of getting money, they get food and clothing and, and, you know, items to live and survive. In 1994, she told a, a friend she was going to meet one of her clients. She disappeared and her body was discovered off Highway 16. And then finally Alicia Germaine was 15 years old, lasting in 1994 at a Christmas dinner, and she was discovered close to Highway 16. So that's when they came up with their, their criteria to see if they could sort of narrow this down. Right. Yeah. And just one thing, Roxanne and Leah were, or Alicia who also went by Leah, they were friends and also colleagues.


They both were sex workers who were engaged in survival sex. Ramona, who was not engaged in anything like that, she, I think she worked at a restaurant or something, but Ramona, Roxanne and, and Leah all were murdered in the same area. Between one Ramona was June, Roxanne, July, Leah in December of 1994. I think in all their cases, like in in, in this area, everybody's like, there's something going on. And the cops are like, just give us 11 more years and, and we'll, we'll come together and come up with this new e Pana project. And right when they did, those three just stuck out immediately.


Like, there's some real commonalities here. They need to be investigated. But like you were saying there three criteria that they came up with from this e aana project, you had to be female, you had to last be seen dead or alive within a mile of Highway 16. And then you also had to be involved in high risk activities like sex work, but also hitchhiking. And we should say here too, like for those of us who, who grew up in towns with bus service and cabs and you could walk places and get to where you're going easily or ride your bike, like hitchhiking almost seems like frivolous hitchhiking is a way to live and survive and get to work in this area.


It has been for decades. So it's not like, I think you can view hitchhiking as like, man, why did you hitchhike? In a lot of cases, the women and girls who were picked up hitchhiking we're trying to get to where they were going. Like they, they weren't like just hitting the road. Like they, that was just part of daily life for them, unfortunately. Yeah. So once they narrowed down this criteria, they found more cases that sort of fit that. And were were lumped into the, The Highway of Tears murders. Alberta Williams was 24 and she was celebrating at a pub at the end of summer after working there seasonally with her sister. This was 1989. Her body was found about a month after her disappearance.


Delphine Nikal was 16 years old, disappeared in 1990 while hitchhiking Lana Derek, a 19-year-old college student, disappeared in October of 95. We mentioned Tamara Chipman, that was the relative of Florence and Azi. She was 22 and the mother of a 2-year-old boy disappeared while hitchhiking in 2005. And then 14-year-old Aliyah Cek Auger went missing from Prince George in 2006. And she was found deceased in a ditch right beside the highway, highway 16. And I, and Ala, I'm pretty sure that's how you say her name, she was the last one to be officially added.


Like as far as the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are concerned, she's the last highway of tears victim. Although as we'll see there have been plenty more who would qualify for sure. The problem is, is e pana is very much underfunded and, and not basically not really operational right now. So they're not adding people for that reason. But when they looked into this a little more, they basically went back to their credit and found that there was about 300 boxes of information and paperwork on all these cases. And so they're like, we can't get anywhere until we have all this stuff logged in some sort of database. So they created the database and they logged it and it took 'em like a year.


But after they finally got all that stuff in the, some of those older cases, the ones between 1969 and 1981, they started bubbling up toward the top and were eventually included starting with that first one with Gloria Moody, also including Monica Jack. And then there was also Michelin pare, Galen Weiss, Pamela Darlington, Colleen McMillan, and Monica Angus and then Maureen Mosey. And again, all of them were killed between 1969 and 81 all along Highway 16. And a lot of them were hitchhiking as well. Yeah. And you know, If you, If you look into these cases and, and people, you know, the volunteers that are working with some of these, you know, a lot of 'em are run by, you know, families of victims.


They will say that, that it's probably more like, you know, 50 people. Advocates say that, you know, the total is is way higher than they're saying it is. You know, kind of for all the reasons that we've mentioned so far. And that seems like a good time to take our first break and we'll be right back.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's Right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job training not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids fill pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics, their kid proof pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, so when we left off we were saying that the, the, you know, total number is, could be as high as 50 If you look at all these cases and not a lot of them have been solved. There are a few exceptions here and there that definitely showed that there were serial killers killer or killers operating. There was one big one in 2012 with Colleen McMillan. She was murdered hitchhiking, she was 16 years old, this is 1974. But they had, you know, in some of the evidence boxes had her blouse still and with the improvement in DNA matching and databases and stuff like that, they were able to find a match on Interpol.


It was an American named Bobby Jack Fowler who had died in prison in 2006 where he was serving time for attempted kidnapping and attempted murder on another woman in 1995. And they found that he had been working as a roofer in Canada when this murder and others took place. And you know, basically were like, it was probably two other women as well on the list. Pamela Darlington and Gail Weiss. And they were both murdered in 1973, but he died in prison before they could officially pin that on him. Yes. And from what I've read about him, Bobby Jack Fowler is the kind of scumbag that you wish you could go dig up and reanimate so you can punish him some more.


Yeah, he was terrible. And when the Canadian cops were like, Hey, you guys had somebody incarcerated in your prisons to the officials in Oregon who killed at least one girl here, but probably three total, you should probably look around at your own files. They started finding, I think they've said up to maybe 20 murders that they've pinned on Bobby Jack Fowler. Nothing they can prove, but it's just likely that he committed them. And he'll obviously never be convicted or tried for him 'cause he is dead. But it just, it it goes to show you like there are human beings out there who will just kidnap rape and murder and, and just do it over and over again.


And they, the easiest thing to do in the world is if you're going to do that kind of thing, is take advantage of a very vulnerable population in a very sparsely populated area, which makes Highway 16 just like the perfect spot. Yeah. There's another guy, in fact he's the only living person convicted of one of these murders from someone on the e panelist. His name is Gary Taylor Handlin. He, you know, going back to the 1960s, had committed multiple rapes, been in jail multiple times for these rapes. One was a hitchhiker in 1978 and he became a suspect. And the, the youngest victim, 12-year-old Monica Jack that you had mentioned earlier, and also Katherine Mary Herbert, 11 years old, she just was not one of the EPA cases, but they caught him by setting up a sting o operation in which they kind of created this, this fake crime enterprise where he was answering to a undercover cop playing a crime boss who got him to confess that he abducted and strangled Monica Jack.


And this is when he also confessed to killing Katherine Mary Herbert. But that confession was ruled inadmissible, but he was convicted of Jack's murder in 2019. Yeah, he, I hadn't heard of this, but that's apparently a fairly typical sting operation. They call him a Mr. Big operation where you just in introduced a successively higher up criminals in some organization, but they're all cops. And the fir the judge was like, no, the, the admission to or confession to Katherine Mary Herbert's murder inadmissible. But he thought that he was basically convincing this crime boss to get him out of the, out of being tried or convicted for Monica Jack's murder.


So they're like, that's totally admissible. He completely volunteered that. But yeah, I mean he, he went down for it. But like you said, he's the only living person who's ever been convicted for one of these dozens of murders. Yeah. So, you know, we mentioned 2006 is when they stopped officially tagging names onto the official e panelist. There have still been plenty of murders and sexual assaults along that stretch of highway since then. Cody Jeko, I believe is how you pronounce That it sounds right, Killed three women and a 15-year-old girl between 2009 and 2010. So that was after the official list. Two of those victims were indigenous and the cops caught him when they just pulled him over for a speeding violation and found blood on him.


And they found the body of a 15-year-old Lauren Don Leslie. And then, you know, realized that they could link him to, and I believe he was convicted too, of killings of three other women. Jill Stacey Staco, Cynthia Francis Moss and Natasha Lynn Montgomery. Yeah. And so all three of them were from Prince George, which is the eastern most town considered part of The Highway of Tears. And Cody was 19 when he killed the first of 'em, Jill Stacey Chenko, he's not the youngest serial killer in Canadian history, but he too, like the other guys, was a scumbag and still is.


He was sentenced to no less than 25 years, four times. But it appears that his sentences are concurrent. So he is serving 25 years for four murders and the judge reminded him that he could apply for parole as early as 15 years in. So that's four years from now that this guy might be able to get out after being convicted of murdering four, three women and a girl. I don't like that. Yeah. So you mentioned Florence Zeel earlier, having organized her own walk. This was in 2006, they call it The Highway of Tears Awareness Walk. And they walked two weeks, they walked through snowstorms, they walked through some, you know, terrible weather and conditions and eventually ended at The Highway of Tears Symposium in Prince George.


And again, this wasn't something organized by the cops or anything, it was organized by indigenous groups and victims' families themselves. But they did have 500 delegates from the Mounties there, as well as some representative from, you know, the Canadian government there. And it was basically a symposium where they had recommendations on what they could do, you know, not only to help solve these crimes to but to prevent more of this from happening. We'll get to, you know, what's happened since then because they have done some things that seem like they should probably help, but also, you know, how to support these families, how to support these communities a little better because it was, you know, not well funded and any kind of work was very sparse up until that point.


Yeah. So Brenda Wilson, Ramona Wilson's sister, she works for Kerry s Sani Family Services and she's the one employee of The Highway of Tears initiative. And she frequently has to work for free. 'cause there's, they just are like, we're, we're outta money again, wait till next quarter for the check to come in. And obviously she's extremely dedicated, but that's a, a kind of a par for the course thing. Like the just the funding is just not there. And If you follow like government funding that usually goes to stuff that people care about or pe like a lot of people care about. So If you don't get funding, it's a kind of a big slap in the face in addition to, you know, really tying your hands from doing the work you're trying to do.


Yeah. And you know, there's a lot of distrust for the, for the Mounties there and for good reasons in a lot of cases. We'll see there's a woman named Gladys Raddick who was an aunt of Tamara Chipman, one of the victims, and she le she leads a cause called Tears for Justice, the number four. She has a lot of distrust of the police because as a teenager she ran away and was hitchhiking and was picked up two different times by RCMP officers who raped her. So I mean, as far as the RCMP is concerned, they're like, we're gonna investigate this stuff and we're gonna treat anyone within our ranks who does something like this, just like we would any common criminal.


But the fact that that stuff happens period. And that there are like a human, there's a human rights watch report that came out in 2012 that documented police abuse against indigenous women and girls. Right. And that's like literal abuse and sexual assault. The cops are, are taking part in at the worst then all the way down to just being hostile or uninterested in what happened to these crime victims and families. Yeah. Because as the Canadian government has said many times and is recognized and apologized for Canada's history of how they've treated their indigenous populations, like putting 'em in residential schools, apparently in the sixties there was a second wave of that kind of thing, but rather than residential schools, they took kids from their family homes and put 'em in with foster families.


And so they, there was a lot of breakup of the culture and, and families in the indigenous tribes in the area. And as a result, like poverty began, violence really set in deaths of despair like suicide and alcoholism and drug overdoses and just an inability to take care of themselves. And then you couple that reality with somebody coming to the police and saying, my daughter hasn't come home since Friday and they're like, Friday, huh? What was she doing last? Well, she went to a party then she's probably just on a week long bender. Just give her a few days from all the stories I've read.


I would say 90% of the family said that that was the first response they got from police. Yeah. And not only that, but they've been shown to get rid of information. So in 2015, Elizabeth Denim, she is the commissioner for the information and privacy for British Columbia, she put out a report that said officials removed like 150 emails about The Highway of Tears from their database, which was a violation of the freedom and information and protection of Privacy Act. Right. Which was obviously didn't in foster any further trust with the Royal Canadian Mountain Police.


And I guess in response in 2018, the commissioner of the Meese, Brenda Lucky, actually issued like a formal heartfelt apology for the, the problems that the families have been facing and the lack of support they've been getting from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, which has been few and far between. But I think when it does, when it something like that does happen, it goes a long way. And I think the families are kind of like, okay, let's let's get back to work with the mounts again. Yeah. So what this represents though is a, a larger population scene, not only in Canada but the United States and all over the world where minority communities are, although they represent, you know, sometimes a small part of the population, they make up a much larger part of people in prison of people who were killed by police.


And that's certainly the case in, in Canada. I think, you know, part of the reason that Ana has gotten mixed, not only results but mixed reviews over the year for their work is 'cause they've just been, you know, they came out with a bang and then they've sort of just been slowly waning over the years. I think they went from 60 assigned officers down to six by 2022. Yeah. And there was a guy, Steph, sergeant named Wayne Clary who said, you know, we, we probably aren't going to be able to make any more arrests in these cases that most of them are stranger on stranger violence. So there's basically no motive other than to sexually assault and kill.


It's really hard to track somebody down, especially when you don't have many leads. So we're probably gonna have to get used to the fact that these murders are gonna go unsolved. But from what I was reading, there's a lot of families who are like, this wasn't a stranger. We know the guy who did it, he lives over there and they're not getting listened to. And then also there was a, a report from 2016, an analysis of 32 cases. Did you see this part about where the police had said that there was no foul play in these murders of, of indigenous women. And this analysis is like, that's kind of a weird thing to say because some of them were found nude, some of them had unexplained injuries.


In some cases the coroner contradicted the idea that there was no foul play and yet they have been logged as no foul play and therefore they're not being investigated because they're not considered murders. Yeah. And you know, along the lines of what I was talking about before, this is not just a Canada problem, there's an official name for something like this missing and murdered indigenous women and girls, M-M-I-W-G. And that has happened, you know, all over North American, other places in the world, there's some estimates that say indigenous women and girls are 12 times more likely than the general population to go missing or to be murdered and Canada and 10 times more likely in the us.


And there have been people trying to bring attention to this as well. There's an artist named Jamie Black who made these really powerful installations that is sometimes the most powerful ones are very simple. And that's the case here where it would hang empty red dresses in public places and it really caught on. And since 2010, Canada has recognized May 5th as Red Dress Day. Yeah. Let's take our second break and we'll come back. How about that? Alright.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet-friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay, Chuck. So you said the magic word missing and murdered indigenous women and girls. It's a thing. And Canada launched a, a inquiry into that group and some people in The Highway of Tears community gave testimony for it. They released a report in 2019 and they said, look, let's just cut to the chase here. It's not like Native American tribes were living in poverty and destitution and engaged in sex work and alcoholism and drug addiction before we Euro Canadians came along and just completely disrupted their culture. So this is actually this, this problem of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls.


It's it's part of a larger, bigger picture, a history of being exploited and left vulnerable and not protected by the people who were supposed to protect them. This is not new. Yeah. And I mean, this is horrific to, to look at, but one of the, one of the problems is they found that whenever they have a very large group of only men around in a desolate area for one reason or another, sexual assaults and murders happen. Yeah. And that is the case in these isolated parts of Canada where their fossil fuel industry is. So what'll happen is they'll, they'll, you know, go to work on a pipeline or something and they have what's called a man camp with like a thousand dudes on site working out in the middle of nowhere together.


And historically speaking, not just here, but kind of everywhere this has happened, dating back to the 18 hundreds when this happens, they're going to be sexual assaults and murdered and disappeared women and girls nearby. Yeah. There's reports that show like a, an actual like correlation, like a a man camp shows up, sexual assaults of indigenous women goes up in the area too. And unfortunately this part of northern British Columbia that The Highway of Tears runs through, that's like the central area for Canada's resource extraction. So there are a lot of man camps there and there's plenty more coming. So that in and of itself is a problem.


And it's not just in Canada. Apparently North Dakota underwent an oil boom back in the 2000 aughts, and as more and more people were brought in as laborers, sexual assault of indigenous women there went up too, because they're also pretty vulnerable here in the United States as well. Yeah. I mean this happens everywhere, all over the world. That that is the case. It's not just North America. They've taken some steps. I mentioned earlier some of the things that they're doing that seem like they would help out. One is we gotta stop people from hitchhiking or at least reduce the rate of hitchhikers.


They don't have any other way to get around sometimes, like you mentioned. So in 2017, British Columbia Transit moved forward on something that came out of that 2006 summit. So, well 11 years later that launched three new bus routes along Highway 16. But that didn't work for very long because that worked in conjunction with Greyhound and just two years after that and like 5,000 people were now using the service Greyhound cut back on the routes there because they weren't turning a profit. And so all of a sudden hitchhiking was back on the map again. Yeah, yeah. And just a lot of people just don't have cars and If you do have a car, it's probably being used by somebody else.


I remember, what was that movie? Smoke Signals? I think they talk about the res car where it's just like a car everybody just kinda shares and it just gets handed from person to person when you need it. So yeah, hitchhiking is going to be a lot more convenient in some cases. Cell phone. You said also cell phone service is a big deal too, right? Yeah, I mean, just not being able to call 9 1 1 very simply is a problem. So in 2021, I mean just four years ago, it's astounding that it took this long. The provincial and federal governments said, all right, we'll chip in four and a half million bucks out of what will eventually cost 11 and a half million total to get Roger's communications to put, to get coverage all along this highway with cell phone towers.


And I think by the end of last year, the good news is nine of those 11 towers were up and hopefully soon the entire 450 ish mile stretch, you'll at least be able to call the cops. Yeah. And that was a big one of the 231 calls for justice that came out of that symposium in 2015. And for, I mean, that's lightning fast if, if like for this kind of stuff that it happened that, that fast. So just two more to go everybody. Let's get it done in 2025. Yeah, absolutely. There's also like a little bit of a, certainly, I wouldn't call it a tussler or anything, but there's a, a, a growing kind of disagreement on how to approach this up to basically, I guess 2023.


The approach was exclusively, this is a horrific situation, this is tragic, this is super sad, and it doesn't need to be portrayed any other way. It it, it, that's just what it is. And the carrier Ani Center, remember they run The Highway of Tears initiative. They're like, what if we just kind of alter this a little bit? What if we make this more of a hopeful thing for a very long time? There's some famous billboards along The Highway of Tears, it had pictures of three of the victims, Ramona Delphine and Cecilia, who isn't included in the canonical victims, but she was Delphine's cousin.


They went missing within six months of each other. And I think Cecilia's never been found again. Their pictures were around this billboard and on the billboard it said, girls don't hitchhike on The Highway of Tears Killer on the loose. Well, that was helpful for years and years and years, but carrier s like, you know, there's a way that some people who don't understand our way of hitchhiking why we do it could possibly see that as like there's some sort of victim blaming in there. So what if we just kind of remove that and make this whole a more hopeful message? And they unveiled I think four billboards that kind of changed things a little bit, right?


Yeah. They say, we are hope, we are strength keep Highway 16 safe. And you know, they're obviously critics of that messaging because they're saying, we don't wanna say that there's hope, because right now with the way things are going with the Mounties and the investigations, like there is no hope. So why say that if it's not hopeful? Right? Yeah. And I think the billboards coexist and, and the critics of that were like, okay, these billboards can coexist. That's a great billboard, we're fine. But it was when they proposed, I think, yeah, carrier Sani proposed, Hey, let's let's rename The Highway of Tears.


Officially the Highway of Hope. When activists and and supporters like Gladys Raddick were like, no, we are definitely not there yet. A lot of these cases are not solved there, there's not much traction still. Like that's ridiculous and we're not going to do that. But hopefully someday it will, it will reach that status, you know? Yeah. So until then, that's The Highway of Tears here at Stuff. You Should Know, we say rest in peace to all the victims, and we hope peace can come to all their families who have to live with this and the ongoing frustration of not getting the help they need. And since I said all that, it's time for listener mail.


I am gonna call this mushroom fruit and this is from Mike. Hey guys, I'm a mushroom farmer from St. Louis and thought I needed to write in to give Josh some bad news. Listening to the catacombs episode and the mushroom guys is the fruit of its organism. I know the plant that is grown from is called mycelium. The furthermore, not all fungi produce fruit, AKA mushrooms. If you or your family use mushrooms in supplement form like mushroom powder or something like that, be sure to look for made with fruiting bodies only on the packaging or something of that nature. A lot of manufacturers are using myceliated grain without any mushrooms to make these products.


That's like going to the grocery store for apples and leaving with most of an apple tree. There's a lot more to that discussion. But at the moment, and with the current data, I say that if it advertises mushrooms, then it needs to have mushrooms include. I've included some picks of the farm and my fur babies. If you come to St. Louis, please come to the farm for a a tour. And there are some great pictures of these beautiful fruiting mushrooms. One terribly lazy, looks like golden, long-haired, golden retriever type, laying with a candy cane lovey and a awful, terrible tabby cat laying on a box as cats do.


Very nice. That was a very mean email. Who is that? Mike? That's Mike. But I get your point, Mike, and I appreciate that because I've been studiously avoiding any mushroom supplement that has the word fruiting on it. So maybe I should just bite the bullet. You know, I could put a piece of like electrical tape over that part and just take the supplements as needed. Yeah, bite the mushroom. If you, If you wanna be like Mike and get in touch with us and turn my stomach, you can do that. Send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.