(0s):
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.

(32s):
This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any field experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring Academy award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.

(1m 8s):
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I am Boogie Down Josh, and there's Disco Stu Chuck. And it's just the two of us because Diana Ross Jerry is not here right now. Yeah, this is what I'm surprised we didn't tackle shortly after our disco episode as like a two-parter. It is a little surprising, isn't it? But I hadn't heard of Studio 54 until you pick this, so I don't know how that would've been possible. That's funny. I'm I'm just kidding. I have, I've heard of it. I'm cool, man. I'm hip, even though, I guess I was one, 1-year-old, two, three years old when it was open.

(1m 56s):
So as it was going on, I wasn't aware of it, but later in life I kind of developed an awareness of it. What do you, what do you think about all that? I mean, I would've been six years old to nine, so I probably could have gotten into Studio 54. I was gonna say the same thing. There's some shocking revelations about this stuff that anybody who knows about Studio 54 is probably like, yeah. And that's just how it was. And on the outside, it's, it's just nuts. It was just such a, it, they called it like the Disco, Sodom and Gomorrah. It was just a, a complete bachanal of like just drugs and sex and like in the club. And it was just absolutely nuts. But as you read about it, it's, it's this, it's just the same themes over and over again.

(2m 41s):
People had sex in the club, everybody was doing coke in the club, everybody was on Quaaludes. And this Mick Jagger's wife, Bianca was on a horse once, and it just kept getting like, it, it Joel, it all just kind of melded together. And I, I kind of felt like by the time I was done researching this, I get Studio 54. Yeah, I, there's a documentary on Netflix That's okay. Called Studio 54. Yeah, I saw it from filmmaker Matt. I guess Auer, there was a very bad movie about Studio 54, like a movie movie with Mike Myers famous, his feet playing Steve Rebell.

(3m 22s):
I thought that was the documentary. I was gonna say Steve Rebell is like the spinning image of Mike Myers, but now I got you. No, Mike, it turns out Mike Rebell, or I'm sorry, Steve Rebell, Mike Myers, young Billy Joel and Alex Edelman all sort of are the same person. Oh, that's interesting. They all look alike. But it's interesting, when I was watching the documentary, Emily was floating through the room here and there, and people were just like, oh my God. And we would just do this and this, and this and this. And she finally wandered through and just went, these people sound like idiots. Yeah, it is. It's just basically another example of, and, and apologies, like this is a pretty blanket statement, but the boomer generation being like, we did this and had so much fun, and it's the coolest thing that could ever possibly happen.

(4m 7s):
Yeah. I think, and it's sort of like, it, it reeked of a documentary on like the, you know, the, what was that? Ill faded doomed Island Music Festival. Fire festival. Yeah. It was kind of like that where she was just like, these people are idiots. Like, how long can you just sit around and talk about doing cocaine every night and dancing? Yeah. Until the sun came up. Yeah. But the thing is is, and Olivia helps us with this, and I think she kinda captured it, the, the reason it seems like that Studio 54 is still just so prominent in just the general cultural consciousness, especially in America, is because it, it was short-lived, it ended at its peak, so it didn't stick around long enough to like really like become passe and in the very short like bursting lifespan that it had less than three years, like 33 months.

(5m 3s):
I think it was just, it was the coolest of the cool. And when you put all that together, that's how 50 years later, people like us are doing a podcast on it still. You know what I mean? About a club. Yeah, A club. That's what we're doing a podcast on one of 8,000 disco clubs that were open between 1974 and 1976 alone. That's how important this club was to that Scene. Yeah. I mean, it's, on one hand, there's a couple ways to look at it. It was, it was a symbol of something more than probably anything was a symbol of that era. Yes. Of that excess and decadence and everything. And on one hand, like my brain goes, yeah, but you know what, this is great because it was, these nightclubs were, were havens for minorities and for, for gay people to, for that community to get together in a safe place where they could be themselves.

(5m 57s):
Because like, you literally, like the documentary even says like, If you were a transgender person, you were taking your life in your hands, walking down the street. Yeah. Some nights, You know, you could get just assaulted, You know, you can still get assaulted for, for, for that, but especially back then, so part of my brain goes there and part of it of it goes to like, kind of what Emily said, just like what a vapid material, just sort of scene based on how you looked and who you knew. And part of it, part of it was like, oh wow, what a cool time. And then part of me was like, geez, what, what an awful group of people. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good.

(6m 37s):
I'm glad that we pretty much arrived at the same place. And also I find it comforting that I'm following the longstanding trend of agreeing with Emily. Yeah. And well, as we get older, I think I tend to look at things a little more with like an eye like that rather than just like, yeah man, what a cool party that Was. Exactly. For sure. But let's talk about what a cool party that was. Yeah. I guess we should get to the building first because it was a history building. It was located at 2 54 West 54th Street. It was originally an opera house in the 1920s. And then in the 1940s, kind of through the fifties and into the sixties and seventies, it was A-A-C-B-S studio.

(7m 22s):
They had $64,000 question and Captain Kangaroo and what's my line? Oh, captain Kangaroo. It was called Studio 52. Weirdly at the time, it's so Square. But they all eventually moved their operations to Los Angeles with the CBS studios there in Central Hollywood. And it sat there empty in 1977. So the guys that noticed that studio was sitting empty, or this, you know, large theater, I guess were two guys named Steve Rebell and Ian Schrager, who were Brooklyn guys from sort of working class to middle class Jewish families who met each other at college, at Syracuse.

(8m 3s):
Yeah. Apparently they became like friends for life. Ian Schrager said that after they met and became friends, he thinks that he and Steve Rubell spoke every day for the rest of Steve Rubell's life. And Ian Ragger also put it that because they were from Brooklyn, they had something to prove, especially, you know, going to Syracuse with probably some wealthier kids. And then coming from working class families, I, I'm not gonna say they had a chip on their shoulder, but they were like, they were hustlers. They were ambitious. They were going to make a life for themselves rather than, you know, just end up joining their dad's firms. 'cause their dads didn't have a firm. One was a Postman and the other one was named Max the Jew, who ran illegal gambling operations.

(8m 46s):
So that kind of drive, and then also just the, the creativity that those two guys had together, and then also like, just the connection that they had. Like this was a genuine partnership that, that that came, that this came out of. Yeah, it, it, it was, it just kind of, I think, inserted a little electricity that otherwise wouldn't have been there. Yeah. So after they graduated, Ian Traeger went to law school at St. John's and started practicing law in the early seventies. Rebel got into the steakhouse business and was apparently opening steakhouses a little too quickly because he overextended himself.

(9m 29s):
Oh yeah. Did you see the one ad for one of his restaurants? No, they were called Steak Lofts. Right. Like Loft. Well, this one was at least Steak Loft. Make Love to Your Stomach. And, and the subheading, it said all entrees include soup, salad, bar, baked potato and shrimp. Wow. Not a bad Deal. Yeah, no, that is a pretty good deal. I, I'm kind of hungry for it now. But he had these steakhouses, he got into a little financial trouble and his old pal stepped in to help keep creditors at bay as his attorney. And then by this point though, in the early seventies, they were already sort of co-owners and two different discos.

(10m 9s):
One in Queens and one in Boston. Yeah. The one in Queens is the more important one. They actually gave up their share in the one in Boston so that they could get full ownership of the Queens one called Enchanted Garden. And it was kind of like the original template for what would become Studio 54. They would throw like theme parties where everybody would dress up and they would decorate it along with the theme. Like it was way more than just some club. And it's like, look at the mirrors on the wall and the disco ball up there, like this was, there was theatrics to it too. And so the other big thing that happened at Enchanted Garden is that they met a man named Jack Duchey or Dusy, let's go with Dusy.

(10m 51s):
Oh, I thought it was Duchey. Is it? Oh, Duchey. D-U-S-H-E-Y. Duchey is definitely a pronunciation of that. So you say Duchey, huh? I thought it was, but I, I, I actually can't remember now from the documentary that I watched three hours ago. Well, Let's agree. It's definitely not douchey. Okay. Okay. His name was Jack D and he owned a store in Brooklyn, I think a discount store, and was fairly wealthy. And he threw either, depending on who you ask, his daughter's bat mitzvah or his son's bar mitzvah at Enchanted Garden. And I guess liked the cut of Steve and Ian's jib and went into business with them as a silent partner. And he gave them the influx of cash that they needed to, to start Studio 54.

(11m 34s):
Yeah, it was about a half a million bucks. It was kind of a crazy idea at the time. Even though disco techs were big West 54th Street at this time was really, I guess the best way to say it is sleazy, Is it near Times Square? Yeah. I mean, that's all sort of in that, that theater district, but at the time it was just, it was dirty. It was dangerous. People thought like if you're trying to open a high-end disco tech, like this is not the part of town where you want to be doing that. Oh, I see. But they did it anyway. Wow. Yeah. They formed a company called Brook Broadway Catering Corporation, which will make a little more sense in a little while. And they leased that building at 2 54 West 54th Street, and they got to work on turning it into a club.

(12m 23s):
They did it in six weeks. They went from nothing to ready for people to come in six weeks without a, a construction license, I think. Yeah. And they just kind of got to work. It was a, you know, sort of a time where you could just get away with stuff until you didn't kind of under the table style. And that's what they did. You said they started with nothing but not quite because the theater was, it was an old theater, so they had a stage and they had a, a proscenium arch and they had a lighting rigging system Yeah, that's big. That was there from the TV days. And because they sort of got, not blocked, but their rivals and the other disco techs were basically saying like, Hey, don't go work for these guys.

(13m 8s):
Yeah. If you're a, a designer or a, or, or you know, someone who would help them open it. And so they went very smartly to Broadway and got people who worked in the theater to come in and they were like, this place has got all the bones and this lighting rigs already set up. Like, this is not gonna be too hard. No, they had a lot to work with, in other words. So they hired one guy, a guy named Richard Long, who actually was the sole veteran of the club scene of like, like setting up clubs. He had set up the sound systems for most of the gay discos in New York. So he knew what he was doing. And that certainly came in handy because, I mean, one of the main things of Studio 54 was the music, right.

(13m 49s):
Like, and the dancing to the music. So to have a pro creating the sound system was a big one. And then you also cannot overlook the role that Carmen Dalessio did. She was a PR sorcerer I saw her described as, and her role essentially was to basically go around to New York's glitterati and talk about how awesome this club is going to be. And it worked very well. Yeah, for sure. There were other PR people that worked within that literally got paid for placing story, placing stories in the newspaper. Like, you get $500 if there's a picture of Liz Bonelli and Truman Capote going into Studio 54 in the New York Post, and you get this much if it's in this magazine.

(14m 36s):
And that was, you know, it was a pretty smart way to do it. It was incentivizing these PR people to get the, you know, the biggest stars of the time, very publicly through usually the front door, but sometimes they would slip in through the stage door. Right. There was also just a little bit more about the club, right? I I I see that it had 85 foot ceilings. Is that right? Oh yeah. It was super, super tall. That's Like a nine story building inside. Yeah. Okay. Well, I just wanna make sure, because my brain starts to boggle like 30 feet up. Well, I mean, those, those big theater old theaters in New York were huge and vast.

(15m 19s):
Yeah. And still are. Okay. So, so Like, that's what you gotta remember is this was a performance theater turned into a nightclub. Right. I got that. I still don't think I've ever been in a theater that was 85 feet up to the ceiling. Maybe you Should go to Carnegie Hall, my friend. I'm a, I'm a bad judge of height and distance and all that too. But it, so I guess it makes sense then that it could hold a capacity of 2000 people because when they ran out of room on the floor, they just start stacking 'em on top of one another On that 11,000 square foot dance floor. And what, you know, while there was a, a scene happening, anyway, it, it, a lot of it was really about the dancing. There, there was a mezzanine lounge on the second story, a second story bar and a balcony that kind of looked down upon the whole thing where you could go up and drink and do mountains of cocaine and have public sex.

(16m 13s):
What, How cool? Are you serious? It all sounds gross to me. I mean, it was gross at one point. They retrofitted the second floor balcony like the, the, the, I guess the whole area around it with like wash off rubber coating. Gross. It is gross. The whole thing's gross. Yes. And it was fairly gross, but I saw it, I saw it described as this, the, these people were living in the age after the invention of the pill, before the onset of aids. So they could just have public sex and do mounds of cocaine and take tons of quaaludes with virtually no consequences whatsoever.

(17m 0s):
The good old days, I guess. So you wanna take a break? Should we take A break? Oh yeah. Oh, look at us. Yeah, let's do that. And we'll talk about opening night right after this.

(17m 23s):
Let's be real. Life happens, kids spill, pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-Free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. Their kid proof pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(18m 24s):
It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Row Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find Out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.

(19m 23s):
Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated site map and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.

(20m 34s):
Okay, Chuck. So it's opening night, six weeks after they started construction on Tuesday, April 26th, 1977 AKA, the most important date in the history of humanity according to some of the people who were there. That hype that Carmen Dalessio had been building up was really paying off. Apparently there was an hour's long wait already. And it was so long that Frank Sinatra and Warren Beatty were like, this is taking too long. I'm outta here. That's how long the wait was. Warren Beatty. Yeah, they, I mean the, the Pre-Hype was there in full because, well, because of the PR push for one.

(21m 15s):
Right. But also because they were selling memberships before it opened. Hmm. They had 18,000 people apply to get a membership card. So here's how it worked. If, If you just showed up and you were lucky enough to get in and had to pay the cover, I think they landed on like 10 bucks. Even though I saw everything from seven to 14, 10 bucks is around close to 50 bucks today. So it wasn't cheap to get in for a cover charge, but If you bought a membership card for between 75 and 150, you were guaranteed. And that's in scare quotes because nothing was really guaranteed as far as entry goes there. But you were supposedly guaranteed entry, but you had to pay with a $3 reduction in charge.

(21m 60s):
18,000 people applied for that card and only 3000 Got it. Pre-opening. Wow. Pretty nuts. Yeah. So this, one of the other legends or stories about opening night is that wait was so long that they just basically broke out into a party on the sidewalk outside of the club. Thanks. In large part to a doctor who came by with a bunch of Quaaludes. Apparently Quaaludes went for like 10 cents a pop and everybody had them Oh wow. At all times. And I was looking up what it was like to take LS as they were called. And apparently there's not really any drug you can compare it to today. They were really their own thing and they were a sedative, but they also had all sorts of other weird effects.

(22m 43s):
Like I saw it described like you'd sit on a couch and you weren't sitting on the couch, you were melting into the couch. But then at the same time you were also super Randy and it made sex amazing and you were just relaxed and like ready to go along with whatever. And everybody loved lds and they were super plentiful. So when this, this doctor came along and handed out lds, the the pre-party broke out. Yeah, the, the Quaaludes thing is weird because there were people in the documentary saying like nobody was ever on a downer in that place and it was all uppers. And so, I don't know, it's just very strange. Maybe it went well with cocaine and alcohol. I don't know. I get that impression for sure.

(23m 24s):
Alright, so people are showing up. You mentioned, you mentioned Brooke Shields, right? No. Okay. Well Brooke Shields was there, she was 11 years old. My opening joke there. And she was taken there by Robin Leach who would later go on to host Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. I used to do a great Robin Leach. Let's hear it. No, in retrospect it wasn't great at all. But at the time I thought it was pretty great. I also did a good Bartles and James impression and then my other one was Larry of Larry Darrell and Darrell from New Heart. You did a Bart, you did an impression of a bottled drink Of the, remember the two guys who were like the spokesman who were supposedly Bartles and James and you Did Both?

(24m 9s):
No one of them didn't speak. The other one was the Oh, okay. The shorter, more rotund one with glasses. He spoke, I have no recollection of what he sounded like, but I would do those impressions. I love it. So you did, what was the first one? Robin Leach. Robin Leach. The last one. Larry of Larry, Larry, Daryl and Darrell from New Heart. And then the actor who played a commercial spokesperson for Bartles and James For Bartles and James wine coolers. It was pretty good. Yeah. It was a of a, of a moment. A specific moment in history. Yeah, I mean I was doing like Wolfman Jack and John Travolta back then, so I was also, at the time I got a John Travolta.

(24m 49s):
You ready? I've heard you Travolta. Let's hear it. Why are you so weird? Yeah, there You go. And it's not actually John Travolta. I'm doing Dana Carey doing John Travolta. Dana Carvey. Dana Carvey. Okay, Let's just Move on. Show. Alright, so we mentioned that they were called the Broadway Catering Corporation and that would make sense later. And that moment comes right now everybody nice because they didn't have a liquor license, permanent liquor license. That is so every day if you're like a catering company in New York or I guess a lot of other towns, you can get a temporary, like one day liquor permit to do your catered event.

(25m 31s):
And they did that every single day for a year. Yeah. I guess pretty smart based on the name of Broadway Catering Corporation. They'd be like, oh okay, here's your catering license to go cater so busy. This party at 2 54 West 54th Street. Yeah. And the fact that they did it every day, whose job was it to go by and get that, that permit every single day? That's just, yeah. So crazy. Then I saw one time, apparently the whatever agency issued those got wise to it and they denied them once. So at least one night there was nothing but fruit juice and sodas. But guests were invited to drink as much of it as they liked for free. Oh, so just, just mountains of drugs and then fruit juice and soda.

(26m 15s):
Yeah. So it was healthy. Alright. The Monday after it opened, they, I think they were usually closed on Mondays, but they would have special parties on the Mondays, which became a very big thing there, like renting the place out for like a, you know, 52, a hundred thousand dollars party. Which at the time is, I mean it's a lot of money now, but back then it was a ton of money. Yeah. But Halston fashion designer Halston through Bianca Jagger, Jagger 30th birthday party there the Monday after it first opened. And they were like basically kind of putting it together up until the minute that the doors opened. Is it true that he, he approached them on the Monday that he wanted the party to be held?

(26m 55s):
I, I mean that's the legend. I, I don't know. I didn't verify it. So This was a really important deal that, that it was very smart of them to take his money and throw this party. This was the one where Bianca Jagger rode a white horse around, I guess in a circle essentially in the club. And then I'm sure somebody gave the horse some cocaine and everybody thought it was hilarious. But the reason that this was so important by the way, was because the coverage of this party was, it just went everywhere. And this was like where the people who hadn't yet heard of Studio 54 heard of it. So Halston helped put this thing on the map with that party.

(27m 35s):
Yeah, for sure. And just 5, 6, 7 years ago, Bianca Jagger very forcefully wanted to make it clear that she did not ride a horse around Studio 54 because she's a big animal rights activist now and she really wanted that cleared up. So we would be remiss if we didn't say that that's a, a folk tale and that she claims she sat on it for like two seconds and then got off of it. And she makes a distinction between that and riding a horse around a nightclub. But there was definitely a horse at her birthday party at Studio 54.

(28m 16s):
Yes. There are photos and she admits it. So one of the other things too is you said like some of these parties would cost 50 to a hundred thousand dollars. I saw like even on non like party nights like that were like reserved private parties, they would often spend tens to up to a hundred thousand dollars just on like the themes and decorations and stuff. Yeah. Just for a regular night at Studio 54. Like they were just pouring money into this and they were getting even more out. I would be really interested to know what their return on investment was. 'cause they just, they put so much money into this place and they seem to have made buckets of it so much so that as we'll see they would keep the, the cash in garbage bags sometimes around the club.

(29m 3s):
Yeah. I mean that's not, 'cause there was so much of it, it was because they didn't want the the bank and the IRS to find out about it. Yeah. But I think If you have enough to fill a garbage bag by definition, that's a lot, you know? Oh No, I, I wasn't saying it was a ton of money. I'm just saying it was, it was all in an effort to obfuscate but Gotcha. We're Spoiling the story. Oh, Sorry, sorry. So Rebel was the, he was the guy who was I guess sort of the host of the whole thing. He loved being out there. He loved hobnobbing with people. It was his biggest sort of dream in life to, to be a part of that crowd. Oh yeah. Where Schrager was kind of like, he was the guy behind the scenes seemed like, I mean they were both smart guys but he was definitely more of the brains behind the operation that would go there for a little while, then go home to his family.

(29m 50s):
I saw a picture of the two together and you can definitely tell Rebel's ready to party. He's wearing his famous padded coat, like his kind of down coat that he wore because he could hide tons and tons of coke in it. And then Ian Ragger is dressed like Ron Burgundy, I should say Ron Burgundy dressed. Dressed like Ian Ragger I guess really. But I mean just that same foggy London town gentleman look with like the blazer and the turtleneck Yeah. And all that. He looks cool for sure. But he also looks like, yeah, I could see him going home early. Yeah. Well and the good thing about the documentary is he's still with us and it was sort of the first time he had talked much about it because he's again just sort of famously averse to attention, but he's, he's one of the main, you know, interviewees in the doc.

(30m 38s):
So Yeah. So you said that Ruble was the host so much so that sometimes he would stand out front and say who could come in and who couldn't. And he was doing that because he put it that he was casting a play. So like the characters that he would pick out would all kind of come together and gel in a certain way inside to, to make the greatest possible party from the greatest mix of people. And one of the really important things about that is you didn't have to be famous to get in to Studio 54. You could just be a cool disco club kid who had a cool look and was clearly a cool kid and you could get in like just from being you essentially and not having any connections whatsoever.

(31m 27s):
Yeah. I mean that was 90% of the crowd were just people. 'cause in a room of 2000 people, there's let's say 10 to 12 celebrities getting all the attention. That's a lot of other regular folks out there. But they still had to get in in order to get in. They had to pass whatever sort of secret test rebel. And the other door people, I think the head doorman name was Mark Benicky, he was 19 years old, which is crazy. He's the head doorman, right? Yeah. But he was a good looking guy and he had never done anything like that. And they were like, well you're handsome so you should be able to judge other people on their looks. Rebel famously said a year ago, I wouldn't have even let myself in.

(32m 8s):
And this is another one of those things where, of two minds, like on one hand he was like, you don't have to have money to get in. You can be gay, straight black, white, Hispanic. Like he didn't judge people on that. And so I'm like, oh that's pretty cool. But he's like, I'm really just judging you on how you look. Yeah. And If you seem to be cool. Yeah, The, he said that it couldn't be too gay, it couldn't be too straight. It needed to be very, very, very bisexual. Yeah. So that was a big part of the mix too. But yeah, it was like who would get along with who And then the doorman kind of developed their own shorthand too. Like If you looked like you were like a midnight cowboy type and you might go beat up some of the gay patrons inside, you weren't getting past the doorman.

(32m 53s):
That was a big one right there. Like you said, it was a safe place for gay and trans people and that that started at the door. And also one of the other things too was Mark Benicky, again, 19 years old, the head dormant, he was the highest paid staff member in part, or I guess entirely so that he wouldn't take bribes to let people in at the door, Which I'm sure he never did. Well the thing is, is I was thinking about that. I'm like, well yeah, I mean, can't you be like, I love this money and I want some more, so I'm gonna take some bribes. But then you think about if he's making enough money that it it, he would not wanna lose that job then it would keep him honest in and of itself I think.

(33m 34s):
Not just like he doesn't need the money. You know what I mean? Yeah. So Wait a minute, wait a minute. What was funny about that? Did I just explain the, the obvious? Is that what I was doing? No, I think it's funny that you sat around and thought about whether or not he would take money or not because he had enough money. Well I was just looking for any funny flaws in that plan and I actually found it was fairly foolproof. So I, I appreciated it and wanted to spotlight it here. Un Stuff You Should Know. That's good. So Henry Winkler didn't get in, some of the Kennedy kids didn't get in. There were a lot of people who didn't get in that were even famous because you know Henry Winkler's Aons.

(34m 16s):
But he wasn't some cool guy in real life. They didn't want him in there. No, no. He wasn't super cool. Sup Supposedly super nice but also not super cool. Two other guys didn't get in. Now Rogers and Bernard Edwards, who at the time they were in the group chic like La Freak say Chic. And that song in particular was actually inspired by Studio 54, right? Yeah. Supposedly when they didn't get in. 'cause Grace Jones did not leave their name on the list. They wrote that song, but it was said Awe freak out. It was awe F off. Right? And then they're like, guys, you can make so much more money with the song If you just change that to Freak.

(34m 57s):
And they're like, oh, okay. So they did. And it became like, I'm sure they played that song inside Studio 54 all the time. Because one of the things that's worth mentioning too is as cool as this place was, like you would hear essentially all the same disco hits that you would hear on the radio. It was just again, an 11,000 square foot dance floor with tons of cocaine on it. Yeah. If they, they did have some criteria as far as like, not necessarily the person at the, on the street that they would look in. Which one commentator from the time described as it was like the damned looking into paradise, like all these people on the street like trying to look through the blacked out doors when they would open.

(35m 37s):
But they had a list of like, you know, what kinds of designations people had. There were the no goods, which they designated as GN on the sheet instead of ng. They had regular guests who were pay guests who could get in, but they had to pay the whatever, 10 bucks. They had the comps list, who were the freebies and then the nfu, which were the no F ups. And by that they mean like you can't screw this one up. They're very important. You have to get them in and get them straight to Steve Rebell. Yeah. Did you see how, or who was on the GN list then? Like who did you have to tick off or what did you have to do to have your name like on a list that you were not allowed in the studio 54 no matter what.

(36m 23s):
Like that wasn't just some schmo, like this was somebody who was specifically targeted to not be allowed in Maybe Famous Squares or Narcs or Henry Wink count competition or something. Yeah, I guess Henry Winkler. Yeah. Yeah. So there was also a a just kind of a general rule. Like If you, if somebody showed up looking like disco stew or just like a cartoonish version of a, a cool disco person, they probably weren't gonna make it in either. And there was a story where I think Mark Benecke was not going to let this one dude in 'cause he looked exactly like that. And then Steve Ruble was like, no he can, he can come in. That's Barry Gibb from the Beaches.

(37m 3s):
Yeah, Look in the park they used to say polyester melts under the lights. So Rebel would chide people and say go home and put on a cotton shirt. And then one guy, and this is from a 1978 New York Times piece, said the doorman told me to go home and read Freud's essay on rejection. Wow. Wow. That's pretty great. Yeah. So there was like a lot of desperation to get in. Like you said, the damned looking in on paradise. Some people were like, I'm not gonna be the damned any longer. I'm going to use this gun I have under my coat to make the doorman let me in. I did not see that that was successful. I don't see how it would be, it wouldn't be like, oh, you've got a gun on me.

(37m 45s):
Sure, go ahead. Go in with your gun. Right. I don't know how that played out, but that's just kind of like the little thumbnail anecdotes that are completely surrounding Studio 54. There were some other ones too, right? Yeah. There were reports of people climbing down ropes from other buildings into the courtyard that had secret maps of the subway system supposedly to get 'em in there. And then, and this is confirmed, there was a gentleman who was dressed in a tuxedo, tried to sneak through an air vent and was discovered dead. Isn't that nuts? They didn't know that there was somebody in there until they started to smell the de composition.

(38m 26s):
Yeah. So that there's apparently I didn't see it a Netflix special on Halston. The designer who figures big into this does a show. Yeah. Yeah. And I guess that made it into it too. But they changed the man to a woman for some reason. Yeah. Who played Halston in that? I meant to look that up. Tommy Lee Jones I think. Oh wow. Do you wanna take a break? Yeah, let's take our second break and we'll be back with Act three. Still give shit

(39m 6s):
Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away Your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(40m 9s):
It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out More on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.

(41m 8s):
This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack wrought with grief. Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe hunting down each one of his wife's murderers Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge. 'cause the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee. Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and IMAX April 11th.

(42m 28s):
All right. So I don't know if we mentioned it. Yeah, I think I did that. It was closed on Monday. It was open Tuesday through Sunday from they opened at 10:00 PM They closed at 6:00 AM ish or whenever the party was over. Really? Those are Basically the times that I'm asleep. Yeah, a thousand percent. Yeah. I mean, I may sleep until seven here and there. Yeah. But the days of staying out all night are long in my past. Yeah. I'm so Henry Winkler. Yeah, I mean it was fun a little bit back in the day, but Oh Yeah, you do that. Like when you didn't feel like just total, but like the next day afterward. Yeah. You know, so yeah, it used to be fun. For sure. Speaking of total butt, If you wanna see a picture of Tennessee Williams looking really out of his mind, there's a fun picture of Tennessee Williams in his studio 54 couch.

(43m 18s):
Oh, Kick back. I wanna see that. Yeah, he's bloodshot eyes, he looks like he's, you know, been through it. So yeah, there's a, there was a, it was a murderers row, a who's who of seventies famous cool people who were there, apparently divine. The very famous would was Divine Trans or was Divine considered a cross-dresser? Or is that just what they called divine back in the day before we called people trans. I mean, I think Divine went by the tag of drag queen back then, probably. But I'm not, I'm not really sure about these days. Okay. Is Divine still with us? I don't think so. I don't think you can live that fast and hard and still be around this many years later.

(43m 59s):
Yeah, that'd probably be a good episode actually. Divine for sure. Yeah. For those of you who don't know who Divine is, she was a star almost amused to John Waters and was in a bunch of John Waters movies and I think Ate Dog Poop in one of them. Yeah. That was in Pink Flamingos. Yeah, pink Flamingos I think. Yeah. But yeah, we'll do an episode on Divine, even though we just gave away the, the Twist. Right. Andy Warhol was a big one there. In fact, he brought his whole factory crew and loved Studio 54 so much that he basically was like, he sicked the entire staff of Interview Magazine on it and started basically covering Studio 54 relentlessly in his magazine.

(44m 43s):
Yeah. And I saw that the sort of the heartbeat of that, like the real regulars, 'cause you know, Mick Jagger and you know, Elton John and Robert De Niro, like everyone who was anyone would pop in there, but it it like the heartbeat of the regulars were Liza Minnelli Halston, Bianca Jagger, and Andy Warhol. And I think Truman Capote was like the fifth Yeah. Of that foursome. He, He seems to have been about as regular as any of them. Grace Jones was a big one too. Oh yeah. I don't know if she was super into that circle. She seems to have been kind of a lone wolf in a lot of ways. But one of the doorman said that she arrived naked so many times it became boring.

(45m 27s):
I can totally see that. Yeah. So she just sort of, it's like, all right, grace. Right. Maybe put on clothes, that would be the Yeah, that'd be the Shocking. The big thing. Yeah. There was also a woman named Disco Sally. Right. Who just was a, a legend. She was, she also appeared in that Halston docu, or not documentary, but that Halston miniseries. But they, I think they kind of didn't do her justice from what I read. Oh really? Yeah. So what About her? She was a, well, I think she was a, an attorney or a former attorney and a widow who just like, you know, this lady loved to dance and in the documentary they were like, at first the doorman Benicky was like, nah man, wait, this, this isn't we're, it's gonna be like a, what do you call it?

(46m 15s):
Like a, a gimmick if we start letting people like this in. And he said Rebel was at adamant and just said, no, she's exactly who he want in this place. Yeah. I think we left out a really key thing. She was 77 and looked like 19 70, 77. So she looked like 110. She Did. And she would dance all night. She was, she was called Disco Sally for a reason. Like she would get there and she would just start dancing for hours and apparently she would stop to go pee and to do some coke and then would get right back out on the dance floor. And she became actually from her stint at Studio 54, a fixture on the New York nightlife scene for Yeah. A long time to come.

(46m 56s):
Yeah, I bet it kept her young and alive and also killed her somehow at the same time. Exactly. Yeah. Well put, I guess we could go over some of these parties. We mentioned that they would, you know, throw these huge, huge private parties and they did everything from throw a country western party for Dolly Parton with more live animals, goats and sheep and pigs and stuff. Yeah. God knows what happened to those sheep. Yeah. I don't like the animal stuff in there. Like, nothing good is happening to those animals. No, for sure at all. And you know, like probably some bad stuff is happening to 'em too, let alone just being scared. Yeah, yeah. Don't take your goat to a cocaine disco.

(47m 36s):
That's a, that's a, not just a t-shirt, that's an epitaph. What else? Liz Taylor had a big birthday party there with the Rockette among other things. Yep. Valentino did. And then they ha they had like, Halloween apparently was like the big night where just If you were a normal person and you had a really great costume, there was a good chance you were gonna get in. The better the costume, the the better your chances. Yeah. And like one year they did ous Bosch theme, which would've just been awesome. And I think that kind of shows like just kind of the coolness of the people involved. Like Yeah. You know, they didn't go with something trendy.

(48m 17s):
They went with like a really dark, bizarre, weird, like painter honus Bosch's stuff is really cool. And I didn't see what all they did with it, but from, from what I read about it, it seems like it was pretty bizarre. So pretty cool Halloween party If you ask me. Yeah. New York is always fun at Halloween, I imagine in 1978 and 79. City of 54. It was crazy. Yeah. You mean I walked all over New York once from basically Wall Street over to Greenpoint and just spent the whole day doing that. And it, it just had like such a totally different vibe than it normally does. It was cool, cool day. When was this? Oh, 2010 maybe something like that.

(48m 58s):
'cause she went as a Snuggie I think. Oh, on Halloween. Okay. I gotcha. Yeah, Halloween. Halloween. Yeah. I had a couple of fun Halloweens in New York back in, when I was living in Jersey, I was the bridge and tunnel guy. Yeah, that's what they called the, basically anybody who wasn't famous. Right. Well anybody from New Jersey. Oh. Or I guess I gotcha. One of the outer boroughs. I gotcha. Because you came in via bridge and tunnel. Oh, I get it. Now what about the end? Because again, this thing was like a bright shining meteoric star that lasted less than three years and it went down hard too. Like it wasn't like a, eh, this has been fun, let's shut the thing down.

(49m 40s):
Like the government came in and said, you're gonna shut the thing down, essentially. Yeah. Steve Rebell was very mouthy about how much money they were making in the paper. He was quoted as saying only the mafia does better. Not smart to be sure, but at least according to the prosecutor and the documentary who prosecuted the case was like, it's not, 'cause Steve Rebell was mouthy. He said, we had a confidential informant on the inside that told us about the fact that they were skimming 80% of the money. And this guy was like, you know, if they were like businesses skimmed back then with this kind of business, like skimmed 20% and they would've gotten away with it. He said they got greedy and were literally skimming like 80% off the books and keeping very, very, very detailed records about their skimming.

(50m 28s):
So it was all there. And they had to informant kind of tell 'em where everything was hidden and where the books were. And I tried and tried to see if I could find anything about like who that might've been. And I, I came up completely empty. It was MOUs, Bosch, It might have been. So in 1978, December, 1978, the place got raided apparently with 30 agents. That's a big raid. And I guess as they were searching the place, Schrager showed up was like, Hey, what's going on everybody? And he was carrying with him their cooked books or I guess the uncooked books, which is even worse. That in detail, meticulously detailed all the money they were stealing.

(51m 10s):
And one of the other things that it showed is that all the cocaine, 'cause like they weren't selling cocaine necessarily, I'm sure. Like If you were a nobody who got in, they weren't just giving you free cocaine, you could buy it. But If you were like a celeb or somebody, they wanted to keep happy, they gave you as much free cocaine as you possibly wanted. Yeah. And they would expense that. All the cocaine they bought, they expensed it whenever they actually did pay taxes. So all of this was basically being carried in by Schrager. And then as a little cherry on top, on top of the pile, there were five ounces of cocaine. So he walks in with 30 IRS agents raiding the place with that on him. And they're like, why don't you put that down and come over here?

(51m 53s):
Yeah. He disputes in the documentary that it was on him. He was like, this was stuff that they collected from around the club. But you know, the prosecutor said that they, he had it with him. So either way, lots of cocaine, lots of cash, lots of skimming off the top. They would change the, the cash register tape midway through the night to have another set of books that were on the up and up. But they would eventually hire a famous scumbag attorney, Roy Cohn to come in and defend them. And he very poorly gave them the advice of like, Hey, flip over a bunch of tables and stuff and make it look like worse than it is and let's get these pictures out there.

(52m 35s):
And that just bought more, you know, disdain and retribution from the state. Yeah. Smart. Or the city. I guess There was one little point that I thought was kind of sad during this raid. The IRS agents supposedly found a room. There were a lot of like secret rooms, like VIP rooms, but this one was so secret and so VIP that according to Andy Warhol, Halston hadn't even been told about it. And when he found out about it, it hurt his feelings. And I'm with him, I can totally understand that he dropped so much cash there. And then don't forget that first birthday party that they hosted that he threw for Bianca Jagger put Studio 54 on the map and they didn't tell him about the most secret room.

(53m 18s):
I feel bad for Halston. He should have had Alexis, huh? I, yeah, if anybody should have, sure. I mean, who he'd been, Liza, I don't know. Definitely Halston though. Alright, so Jack d the silent partner who invested to begin with was indicted along with them in a grand jury in June of 79 that did not stop the club. They were still upgrading it and building new things. That's when that wipe clean rubber came in. Mm. They pleaded guilty in 70 9th of November 79 to tax evasion with Jack d testifying against them. The two guys were sentenced to three and a half years, went to prison together, thankfully, and paid a guy for a a year of protection while they sold out their competition and turned state's evidence against them and forming on other discos and their skimming.

(54m 12s):
And they got out after about a year. Yeah. Never trusted disco owner. Yeah, I think Schrager felt bad about it. He was like, you know, my dad, he was in the gambling business and all this, but he was like, max, the Jew was a standup guy and like he would, he was gone. And I'm glad because he would've been ashamed of me for, for being a rat. Hmm. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah. So the last, they closed down, you said the club kept going, but at least for this moment, it closed down on February 4th, 1980 with a a, a Ciara party farewell party when Yeah, I think that's what they call 'em when they sent Schrager and ruble off to prison.

(54m 53s):
So they, they just burned the place down basically one more night. And those two, they each served a year. Did you say that? I think, Yeah. And as after they got out, I guess they were in touch in prison and they decided to get into the hotel business and they started the boutique hotel trend apparently in, starting in 1984 with a, a hotel they opened as Morgan's. Yeah. They sold the studio space to a guy named Mark Fleischman. He was a hotel guy. So they got, they took over one of his hotels, rebranded it as, you know, this new concept of boutique hotels. And that's what you know Schrager did for a long time.

(55m 35s):
I feel like it's time for boutique hotels to be reinvented as something else, don't you? Yeah. But what is it even just not part of a big chain or some of them are even parts of big chains? No, they've become very formulaic. I mean like funky art in the rooms that are supposed to kind of feel like your house, but just remind you that you're not home. Sometimes there's record players. There's like a a like a, a super cool bar where people not staying at the hotel come usually on the rooftop. And then there's the in invariable restaurant, the house restaurant that is new American cuisine every single time. All of the same stuff on the menus.

(56m 16s):
And we're talking boutique hotels in totally different cities with totally different owners. And everything's outfitted in like copper fixtures. Yeah, copper. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, I totally know what you're talking about. Yeah. It's a formula now. I mean, it's been around for 40 years. I think we need something new. What's the new thing? There isn't new because I've already, I'm calling for it. Oh, okay. I gotcha. I thought you had an idea or something. I was like, man, let's, let's, let's talk after we hang up here. No, I'm, I'm the kind of person right now that has no ideas, just criticism. I gotcha. So they also opened a palladium nightclub that was their last foray into the nightclub business to sort of partially help finance their hotel aspirations.

(56m 57s):
And very sadly, Steve Rebell died of complications from AIDS in 1989 and that left Ian trigger alone and very sad. 'cause that was his bestie. Yeah, it really was Ian Trigger just kind of, he had this thing hanging over him, this felony conviction. Even when they opened the Palladium, they couldn't be owners on paper 'cause they weren't allowed to hold a liquor license. And in 2017 he was pardoned by President Obama on, I think one of his last days for the tax evasion conviction. Yeah. And that meant a lot to Ian Rigger. I read an interview with him from after that and he seemed to like really appreciate that.

(57m 39s):
And he seemed to have kind of been the kinda guy who maybe deserved a pardon all this time later. Yeah. He's like, can does this mean I can stop paying protection to that guy from prison? Right. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Well, that means of course everybody, since neither one of us have anything else and it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this a cool email, an addendum. Hey guys. The episode on widowhood just popped up. You mentioned federal elected officials and how often the widow is appointed. And it's quite common in my state of Kentucky in the past for the widow of a sheriff who dies an office line of duty or not to be appointed to that office, mainly because the sheriff's personal estate is wrapped up in his office.

(58m 28s):
So letting her finish out the term gives him time to figure out if his textbooks balance. Wow. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. If they don't, the estate will owe more to the county. There have been several notable widowed sheriffs or widow sheriffs in my state. One being the first documented one, Mary Roach who served from 22 to 27 after her husband was murdered in office. Oh wow. And she was a real sheriff, went out with her deputies at work. Even the other was a woman named Sheriff Florence Thompson, who took over after her husband died in 36, she oversaw the last public execution by hanging. Wow. Was apparently the first and probably last woman to be in the role of u to be in that role in the United States just three months after she took office.

(59m 14s):
I wonder if this is what the sitcom she's the sheriff was based on. Maybe that's by the way from Sean Herron, attorney at Law Louisville. Thanks a lot, Sean from Louisville. That was a great email. I definitely not heard that. Yeah, so thanks a lot. We love addendums and cool emails, especially when they're combined. And If you wanna send us a cool email, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

(1h 0m 0s):
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.

(1h 0m 33s):
You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or If you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.

(1h 1m 33s):
My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.