
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 800 the number four rocket. Or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC, licensed in 50 states in mls, consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too, believe it or not. And this is Stuff You Should Know. The artsy edition? Yeah, the the Oh, Canada or the Oh, Canada Edition. I don't know. I think it's a, well, let me ask you this. Had, had you heard of any of the members of the Group of Seven? We should probably just say The Group of Seven is Canada's most famous art school and not school. Like you go and sit in a classroom and learn, but like a group of painters who work together influence one another, support one another.


Right. Like A school of fish, except they paint Right. A school of fish with paintbrushes. Yeah. So like the, like this is, these guys were working in the teens, the 19 teens and 1920s, and they're still like the foundation of Canada's art, right? Yeah. To answer you, I, I don't think I had at least as far as name recognition, but I feel like I have seen some of these works of art before in my mini museum visits. I didn't recognize any of 'em. But I have to say at first, I'm not a big fan of like 1920s, thirties in particular.


Aesthetic. There's a lot of brown and yeah, just dark stuff. But I actually just from researching this and looking at more and more of their paintings, I actually did become a, a, a fan of that, that school, but a couple of them in particular. Yeah, I, I really like this stuff. It's not, it's not the kind of thing that personally I would like hang in my house because that's just not my house aesthetic that we're cultivating. But I, I really enjoy these landscapes of the, the northern realm of Canada, which is where as, as you'll see shortly, they mainly concentrated on the sort of woodlands north of the major cities and to some criticism, kind of ignoring the beautiful coastlines of Canada.


Yeah. And even the central prairies too. Yeah. So it was this pretty specific thing. Seven, sometimes six, sometimes eight, sometimes 10. Oh, as many as 10. I think there was 10 overall. Okay. That kinda came and went. Some passed on. Some were fringe members that they were like, you really one of us, but maybe not an official group of seven because you're a woman. Yeah. In, in her case for sure. But yeah. So let, let's, let's dig into this. Okay, so we said that The Group of Seven kind of formed the foundation of Canada's artistic identity. And there's a number of reasons why, like really solid reasons why that go well beyond these, these guys artistic abilities, which makes the whole thing that much more interesting If you ask me.


But one of the reasons why is because they came together and started painting Canada's wilderness in particular at a time when Canada was looking to develop its national identity. Yeah. Because it wasn't until 1867 that Canada formed the dominion of Canada with the province of Canada, which is now Ontario and Quebec, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. And then I think of five years later they brought BC into the mix. Yeah. But that's what Rush sings about when they, they sing about marching to Bastille Day aboard the Thailand Express. Yeah, totally. And that's the, you know, they were trying, like you said, to form a national identity sort of de angle lies.


Yeah. So It's like something you do in a, in a kitchen actually. Right. De ize and you know, in other words, shake off a bit of that Britishness that lingered on both, you know, politically, economically. And as we'll see here, artistically, their, their formal formation started in 1920, but as you said, they were pretty well acquainted with each other in the 1910s and 19 teens. Most of them were living in and around Toronto, Canada, Toronto, Canada. Don't I get bagged on for saying that? Yeah. Like Atlanta USA. Yeah, that's right.


We're, we're doing our best still. We love Canada and they love us, so they forgive us of these indiscretions. Most of them love us for sure. Yeah. Some of them don't. But you know, there's people everywhere that don't like us. I don't agree with that. Where are some places where everybody likes us? Germany. Yeah. Germans do tend to like us, huh? Australia. Australia. I don't think there's a single Australian that doesn't like us. Yeah, I think you're right. And there were a couple of key sort of employment places and institutions that kind of helped foster this cohesiveness. One was a design firm called The Grip. Yeah. 'cause most of these, if not all of them at some point, worked for the Grip as commercial designers.


And they had a manager there named Albert Robson that really, or Robeson maybe, who helped sort of foster their outside art, not outsider art, different thing, but just saying like, Hey, we love your design work and you should also do this other stuff 'cause all boats will rise. And then a place called the Arts and Letters Club, which was a private club, a social club for men and for artists in particular. So they would get together with other Canadian musicians and writers and actors there. They had patrons there that could, they could get a little juice to help support themselves. Right. And those two places were sort of the, the nuclei of which they spun around. Yeah. And there was actually a person who you could kind of point to as the nuclei of the group in part because he was the oldest of them.


Yeah. Apparently he was a father figure to some of the younger ones. But his name was JEH McDonald and he was originally born in the UK and he moved to Ontario when he was a teenager. And he was the first one to work at the Grip all the way back in 1895. And by the time most of the other members of the Group of Seven got their jobs at the Grip, he was already head designer. One of the things that kind of differentiated him and made it not surprising but noteworthy and remarkable that he was kind of the center or the head of the Group of Seven, is that part of being a, a member of the Group of Seven was getting out there in nature Yeah. In rugged country that was way far away from the cities.


And really, you know, like most of the people in Canada, in in the towns did not go north at that point. So it was a pretty kind of rebellious thing to do. And JEH McDonald was always kind of frail. He was prone to to falling ill very easily. So he didn't make it on all of these excursions and yet he was doing as good a work as any of 'em if, if not better, in my opinion in some cases. Yeah. His stuff is pretty great. He was a transcendentalist though. He was, he just got sick a lot and as, as we'll see, he died fairly young and he, he kept trying to tell everyone like, I really love this stuff. I'm not an indoor kid. I promise I, I just can't go bush whacking this weekend. We have one more thing about him too.


I don't know If you saw this or not, but he had a painting called Mist Fantasy that appears in the Shining in the background Of which scene? Do you know? Is it the famous office interview scene? It's in the fireplace room. Oh, okay. And then I think it's also, I think it also moves and is in like the main lobby where Mr. Ulman is, is giving Jack like the beginning of the tour. Yeah. So one of those from that documentary that, that probably means something very significant. Yes. If that painting's moving around. That's where I learned about it from. I scream 2, 3 7 and it's EYE scream two three seven.com.


Which man, If you wanna deep dive into just Missed Fantasy and what it means, just Oh wow. Start there. Yeah. Okay. There was another guy named and these, these are, we're gonna kind of jump around as far as introducing these people or I guess it's not jumping around 'cause it's fairly chronological. Okay. But these are sort of the pre dudes before it was official he McDonald's one, it was a guy named Tom Thompson. Yeah, he was, he passed away before the group was officially founded in 17. 1917. It was founded in 1920, like I said. So he was never an official member, but he was a really influential guy in that he was a one of just a few native Canadians. He was born, I believe he was born in Ontario in rural Ontario.


Big time outdoorsman also worked at the Grip in 1908. I don't think I mentioned, I mentioned they were design firm, but they mainly worked on design for department stores. Yeah. So I guess early Canadian department stores. And it was at the firm where he met McDonald and they were like, Hey, we should like get together and start going out in the woods and sketching and painting. Yeah. So apparently Tom Thompson. So he is one of Canada's most famous artists by far. He must have been inherently likable because I read that he hung around the Arts and Letters club, even though he wasn't a member. They didn't check him out. All of the members who met him of the Group of Seven, like took him under their wing because he was a really talented artist but didn't have any formal training.


Yeah. So he introduced The Group of Seven to the, to the wilderness. That became like the basis of all of their paintings and their whole school. And they taught him in turn formal techniques. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Yeah. And his, he actually as we'll see, he died young at 39 and his career was very short. It was five years, but in that five years he painted 50 canvases and left behind 400 sketches and he got really good. Yeah. And sadly he died just as he was really starting to get going. Yeah, for sure. That was definitely a a a sad thing 'cause he was just getting cooking, I feel like. Yeah, for sure. There's a guy named Lauren Harris, L-A-W-R-E-N.


He may be the sec. I mean I don't want to judge how famous they are, but he seems to be pretty famous. He notably, I think has sold at auction the most valuable painting ever from a Canadian artist at 11 million bucks. It was called Mountain Forms. And I like the painting. It looks a quite a bit different I think than a lot of this other stuff as far as steering away from like a Van Gogh, like post impressionistic look. Right. It looks a little more graphic designy, but it's super cool. But, you know, 11 million bucks. I know Steve Martin's a big fan. Yes. 'cause he went to some show of his I saw on YouTube and was kind of going on about his love for Harris.


Yeah. He mounted a touring exhibition back in 2015. Like he's a big Harris. Yeah. Super fan. And one of the other, and Harris is a really good example of this. They, a lot of people consider Lauren Harris the first abstract painter in Canada. And you can kind of make a pretty good example that the, The Group of Seven represents the transition from traditional painting to modern painting. They're the kind of portal that it goes through in Canada. And it's really neat to see their early work before they all kind of came together. And then to see starting about 19, 19, 19 20, all of them start to kind of resemble one another even though it's very distinct and different.


Yeah. You can see that kind of through line that really did make them like a cohesive school. Yeah. I mean I think that's kind of the point. I don't even think that that stuff is necessarily done on purpose. Right. I think similar sensibilities hanging out with each other. Ripping Each other off. Yeah. Ripping each other off going to places, you know, the same places, you know, as we'll see that went on these excursions and this guy, he was one of the more adventurous ones. He went as far as the the Arctic to, to paint, you know, in the colder climbs, including that $11 million work as a snow cap mountain. But he was a, a rich kid. He was, even though he was born in Ontario, he was heir to a British fortune from the Massey Harris company that made agricultural equipment.


So I think they're Still around. He didn't have to, you know, there's no other way to say it. He didn't really have to work to support himself as an artist. So he was very free to do his thing. Yeah. And he was a very dedicated artist too, so he wasn't just like, blah, I don't feel like doing anything today. I'm sure some days He was also heavy into spiritualism, which was pretty predominant at the time. Remember? I think we did a whole episode on that. And so If you put together McDonald's transcendentalism, Tom Thompson's exposure of everybody to the, the Woods Canadian forests and then Lauren Harris's non spirit or non-religious spiritualism, those kind of form like the ethos.


Ethos. Yeah. I can never remember which one it is. I remember one time I said ethos and we were on a zoom call with Scott Ackerman and he just kind of said almost to himself like, wow, you got both vowels wrong. Did he really? Yeah, he did. No Way. Yeah. That's the kind of thing that sticks with you For sure. I'll never forget it, but I still don't remember which way to say it. I Thought it was always ethos. So according to Scott Ackerman it would be Ethos. Ethos. Ethos. Yeah. But If you said ethos, you didn't get both wrong. Yeah. So, so I said no ethos I think is what I said. Oh, you said ethos. Yeah, that's what it was. Got both else wrong. Yeah. Wow. Okay. I think that was it.


Regardless, I I still don't say it. Right. I'm sure. And if I do, it's accidental. Yeah. People know what I'm saying. Exactly. Yeah. You're Josh Clark. We're known for mispronouncing. We really are. So before they got together as a group again, which was 1920, they took a pretty formidable trip in May of 1912 when Thompson and another staff member at The Grip named Harry B. Jackson took this train from Toronto to the Algonquin Provincial Park or to Algonquin Provincial Park, there's no D there. And they just started sketching again. Like you said at the time, You know, you had to be pretty adventurous to, to start venturing into those wild climbs.


It was, it was rough and rugged territory. So certainly there probably were not a lot of artists doing that. I mean, there were, there have always been Canadian men and women who were like, yeah, I'm, I'm very comfortable out there and it doesn't scare me. Right. But I think artists to be going out there was a pretty radical thing. Yeah, For sure. And yeah, these guys are, they were rebels in their time. You just gotta kind of remember that, even though it retrospectively now you're like, what, what's a big deal? But yeah, at the time, this is all very new. It was very big. And also as we'll see, they were basically making like in your face style of art that just was not the taste of Canada at the time.


Yeah. They spent a lot of time in that park and specifically Thompson at, at a certain point he was spending, you know, eight months out of the year there. He left in the winter finally. 'cause it was, it was pretty rough. But he really, really loved Algonquin Provincial Park. And I think they even like the, the media initially started calling them the Algonquin School before they settled on a name. And some really beautiful paintings came out of that pre 1920 formation. Yeah. The Jack Pine is a very, very famous painting in Canada. I love it. That was by Tom Thompson, I think from 1916. It's basically when he started it.


But it, you can really clearly see the Art Nouveau influence that he developed as a commercial graphic designer. Yeah. Another one is a y Jackson's the Red Maple. Yeah. I like a Y Jackson's work, but I don't like the Red Maple. But it's about equally famous as the Jack Pine in Canada. I like that one too. Again, not for my house, but I, I would, I would dive into it in a museum with gusto. They would not like that. The security guards would be on you like white on rice. Oh, sometimes I just want to touch those. Oh yeah. Paintings definitely Everyone. You can't do it. No. It's like the Call of the void. It is a Call of the void or, or yeah. I could either touch the painting in the Guggenheim or pull the gun out of the cops holster to his same thing.


Security at the Guggenheim. Definitely. So one of the things that these guys did too, that was pretty smart is they got out there in the wilderness, but it's not like they set up their easels and were just sitting there painting the final paintings that they, they showed to the public they would do kind of sketches. Tom Thompson was apparently very good and prolific at it. I saw that he captured transient moments of light and atmosphere by making these sketches out in the actual, like seeing the actual thing and then just kind of bringing it back and translating that into the actual finished canvas. And all of them basically did that. But did something about Tom Thompson's eye being translated to color and texture in his paintings was really, it was really something.


Yeah, I agree. One of my favorite things now, and I've noticed this because, did I tell you Emily started painting? No. How awesome. What medium Paint on canvas oil mainly. Oh wow. She dabbled in watercolor a little bit, but she's mainly painting oil on canvas and like, she's good. And it's, it's sort of like surprising and annoying. It's like, oh, okay. So you can actually paint. That's, that's super cool. Yeah. But it's, she started taking, you know, now they make these little travel kits that, or you can do your own in like an Altoid tin of, you know, very small little paint sets that can like, fit inside of a notebook and she takes them along and will just paint little things or sketch little things and, and nature.


'cause that's mainly what she's painting. And we went on this last trip when we to went to New York to see Glen Gary Glen Ross, which was awesome by the way. I bet. We went to the New York Botanical Gardens for the first time in the Bronx. We had been to Brooklyns and I noticed there were artists just everywhere sitting on benches, sketching and painting stuff around them. And it's, it's just such a lovely thing to witness. 'cause it's just so quiet and peaceful and they're creating art inside of, you know, the natural wonder of nature's art. And I just, I just love it. Yeah. I, I envy that. I admire it too. I've always wanted to be able to at least draw Me too. I mean, can't, I was a kid, I was friends with like artists that could draw like real, like it was, they were just natural talents at it.


And I would just try, try, try and take classes and I just couldn't do it. I couldn't either. My whole family, my father wasn't, but my mother's an artist and an art major and a painter. My brother could always draw. I believe so my sister could draw and I can't draw a stick figure. That's all right. Yeah, I was gonna say, anybody who's seen my, my drawing of a horse on Instagram knows that I can't Draw. That was better than what I could do. I think. Oh, also, by the way, if Emily's making art kits out of Altoid tins, that makes her a teneva chuck. Well she's not doing that. She bought a kit, but From a Teneva, I will not be a Teneva because of that episode. Can we just get that one off?


Can we scrub that? I'm sure we can. Should we also do scuba cat? Yeah, those are two that really should go away. So yeah, we'll, we'll look into that. We'll have to ask Jerry, should We take a break by the Way? Oh yeah. I guess we should. We kinda got away from ourselves, huh? Alright, let's take a break. We're gonna ask Jerry if we can scrub a couple of episodes, but that means we're gonna have to do two more at the end of our career. Of course. That's Fine. Because we don't, we don't wanna shortchange ourselves. So we'll debate all that and then we'll be back to talk more about The Group of Seven.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavo, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah, I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you want to have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big Stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-Free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff STUF to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


So I think with the exception Chuck of Tom Thompson, all of the rest of the Group of Seven artists, all of them over the years even were went and studied in Europe at some point or another. They were formally trained. I read that Lauren Harris was encouraged by his math professor to study art in Berlin. No, I'm guessing then that he wasn't very good at math. Yeah, You like to draw, you play the piano at all. Can you do anything? Yeah. But when they were trained in Europe, this is the time of the Impressionists, they were trained in traditional conservative landscapes and they brought all that back.


But they found to their dismay that they were having a really hard time translating the European techniques that they had learned to the Canadian wilderness. It just wasn't working quite right. And there was a really big important turning point that happened in 1912 when Lauren Harris and JEH McDonald traveled to Buffalo New York to see an art exhibition of Scandinavian artists. And they were just blown away. It completely freed them to create the art that went on to become, you know, synonymous with them. And I saw that, I think McDonald said that these were, these were artists that were not trying to express themselves so much as they were trying to express something that took hold of themselves.


Oh wow. Yeah. That's, so these pe these guys were like overwhelmed with nature and they were painting the, the feeling that nature brought out in them. And that's what The Group of Seven started doing. Yeah, That's cool. I know Van Gogh is another inspiration in particular from the European school and that a technique that I really love the imposter technique where you just goop that paint on there. Yeah. So you see the brush strokes and in the case of some of these artists and Van Gogh and of course many others, it's, you know, when you get up close to these paintings, don't touch, but you can lean in and get a, a really good look at just how caked on it is in some places. I just, I really, really love that. Yeah. And if you're really sly, you can kind of touch it with the tip of your nose and just be like, oops, I got too close.


Yeah, sorry. Yeah. That Jack Pine um-huh. Tom Thompson's Jack Pine. If you look at the sky or the lake, you can really see his use of that. It's really, it's, it's a really cool painting. I'm just gonna say it again. Agreed. Another, you know, something I've learned a lot more having known an artist in my adulthood is that a big part of doing your art is just having a space to do it. Not everyone can just set up in their dining room or whatever. And so studio space is cherished and not, it's sometimes hard to come by. Sometimes too expensive. And so patrons are very important in that regards. And there was a guy named Dr. James McCallum who built a, a building along with Harris, I think funded by James McCallum.


Right. It was called the Studio Building in the Rosedale Neighborhood of Toronto. And that was a real sort of cohesion cohesive thing. Cohesion unit. Is that a thing? Yeah, like a rank leader. Yeah. It was like two units of cohesion when they built that building For sure. Which is not there anymore, unfortunately. I think they built a highrise apartment over it. But they tore it down first and then built the high-rise a apartment. But during the time I think well into the fifties, this was still a thriving artist studio and it was cheap apartments as well. I saw that Tom Thompson was so broke that he couldn't even afford the subsidized rent for the artist's apartment at the, at the studio.


So again, he was so likable. James McCallum built him a shed out back and charged him a dollar a month for it. Yeah. But they would, you know, Canadians are known for being nice, but they would bag on him. They'd say, man, you're so broke, you can't pay attention. That's a good one. And Then they all started coming up with a, you know, you're so broke jokes. How have I made it almost 49 years without having heard that one? Have you not heard that one? No, That's the only broke one I know. But yeah, I introduced Ruby that whole, that, you know, those kind of jokes. It burns your, your mama jokes and stuff that, you know, playground burns. It's pretty fun. For Sure. Your mom is so old. She owes Jesus a nickel.


Wow. Did you ever hear that one? No. Wow. I really wasn't paying attention on the playground, apparently. I was, I couldn't make these up. Of course I was, I was just trying to copy the, the, the great artists of the playground for Sure. But I mean, I still haven't heard 'em. Yeah. And you, you say them just beautifully. I Appreciate, I got a lot more, I'll, I'll trot 'em out here and there moving Forward. Okay, good, good. So we talked about Tom Thompson dying and this was a really big deal, right? It was another big deal was World War I. Oh yeah. That came along and, you know, was a big disruption because a lot of it, it certainly delayed the formation, the official formation of the group right there in the late 19 teens. But they, a lot of them actually served in the war in some capacity.


A lot of them worked for the Canadian War Memorials Fund and they were producing art about the war, some of which was super cool. I don't know if we should talk about it now or later, but the, well maybe let's hang on to that. Okay. The, the, Let's put it in our fight. The dazzle camouflage. Yeah. Arthur Li Lisser stuff. But yeah, we'll hold onto to that. It is cool. So yeah, one of the things that I think also cemented Tom Thompson's reputation is one of Canada's most famous artists is that he died under what some people consider mysterious causes. Like this guy was born in rural Ontario. He was an avid outdoorsman. He spent so much time up in the Canada, the Canadian Forest I guess around Algonquin or Aloma, that he would be a fishing guide sometimes he served as a park ranger.


He just, he was just there so he might as well do that extra stuff. And he went out one day in a canoe and his canoe was found overturned later that day or the next day. And he was missing, his body was found I think eight days later and he had like a bump in a, a bruise on the side of his face. And some people are like, well yeah, he just was stood up in the canoe and like fell out and like hit his head and then drowned. Yeah. And other people are like, you didn't know Tom Thompson then because number one, he would never do something that stupid. And number two, see number one. Yeah. I mean it's hard to tell how fishy that might have been. Right. It very well could have been an accident, but it's also very easy to say like a, an experience outdoorsman like that wouldn't have died that way.


But it was officially declared an accidental drowning. Some people theorize that he may have killed him himself if he wasn't murdered because he got his girlfriend pregnant. But I couldn't really see a lot of like solid evidence other than just people surmising. Yeah. There was like one or two people over the years who like wrote a book or something like that and kept the whole thing alive. Yeah. But it was a really big deal to The Group of Seven they hadn't even formed yet and they lost one of their members already. And this was the guy who introduced them to the wild. He was inherently likable guy. They were really bummed out about it, but they still carried on, you know, I think at least in part out a tribute to Tom Thompson, but also because they had really come to appreciate what he introduced them to.


Yeah, yeah, for sure. That also led to another sort of, if not tragedy, like setback when McDonald was helping to build a memorial C at the, at Canoe Lake where he died and McDonald collapsed. 'cause you know, as we said, he was a pretty frail guy. May have had a stroke but recovered within a few months, well enough at least that he was able to go on this, this painting trip. You mentioned Al Goma in Ontario, they went there. Frank Johnston, who was, he would be another one of the, the OGs as far as the group members go. And Dr. McCollum who funded that studio, they all went along on this trip.


Yeah. So they went on box car journeys because Lauren Harris, It sounds so cool. Yeah. Lauren Harris was so rich, he went to a one of the railroads and said, Hey, give us a box car, will you? And they said, sure, Mr. Harris, whatever you want. So they took a box car and outfitted it, refurbished it with, to basically turned it into a traveling studio and artist quarters. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like super cool. I mean, it had a stove, it had furniture and they could move it around to the different rails, sightings and hang out and stay Then had a little home base there with some, some warm, some warmth. Warmth to it. Sure. And the Wild River was painted there, which is one of McDonald's biggest, most popular paintings.


And that was in 1919. And it is very gorgeous as well. It is. I don't remember that one. I had so many tabs open and looked at so much art that I couldn't remember that. But I I, I don't think there was many paintings that I was like, Ugh, that's a real dog. Right. Except for that one painting of the dog. The real one. Right. Yeah. So by this time 1919 is rolling around, they've been on Boxcar Journeys, they've lost Tom Thompson, they've gone out in the wild a few times. They've really kind of gotten into this new modernist interpretation of landscapes, specifically Canadian landscapes to, to basically create this new art identity of Canada.


It's like a nationalistic art movement. And they mounted their first exhibition from the, from at least one or more of those box car journeys. And I think there was something like 200 canvases and it did not go over all that well, actually. Yeah. I mean there were some critics who didn't love it, some people did like it, but that was just a key exhibition because it, it was their first one as a group. And that was when, and this was in 1919. That's when within the group they were like, you know, we should officially like, call ourselves a, a school and form an fic like the Avengers. We need to get together and be an official group.


'cause it'll probably just help our reputation get us a little more press. Yeah. In February or March of 1920, they did, so Jackson was not there. He was on one of his sketching trips at the time. And he came home and said that he, he learned that it had been formed and that I was a member. Yeah. We haven't met Jackson yet. This is a different Jackson than the one that went on that first trip with Tom Thompson. This was a Jackson. Well We, we, we, we introduced him. Oh, we did? I didn't remember that because I almost made the joke that, did they call him a Yeah, a e but I didn't like the funds. Yeah. A y Jackson who actually he lived, I think the longest. Yeah. He, he lived all the way until 1974.


Nice ripe old age. He was born in Montreal. Had a single mom with six or five other siblings, total six. And as a result he had to work a lot to support his family. But eventually he found his way to Europe where he was one of the ones, like you said, that studied like formally in Europe, which he did in France before he moved back to Ontario in 1913. Yeah. And thanks to Dr. James McCollum, he was able to move to Toronto because he was not very well off at the time. Yeah. And McCollum said, how about this? I will buy all of your paintings that you produce in a year to keep you afloat essentially. And that gave ay Jackson the ability to come to Toronto, start working.


He painted 600 things. Right. And, and make a name for himself in time to be able to support himself through his art. Yeah. And he had that Montreal connection. So he sort of, Montreal artists would, he'd make connections with The Group of Seven again, you know, artists knowing each other and sharing ideas and just sensibilities ethos If you will, is a good thing. But he was one of the ones that went over with World War I to fight. He was actually wounded there and also painted for Canadian war memorials. Yeah. Another guy who painted for Canadian war memorials that you mentioned earlier was Arthur Lisser. Yeah. He was famous for painting warships that were returning to port that had dazzle camouflage on them.


Which essentially it's like op art painted on warships. Yeah. I had never heard of this before. Had you? No. Uhuh. It's Super cool. It's a way for it. It's not, you know, camouflage in the way that it's supposed to blend in with the sea around it. In fact, far from it, it doesn't do anything like that. Right. Like you said, it looks like cool pop art, you know, painted on a, on a warship, like could the, it almost looks like some weird art installation and not a real thing that the Navy did. But the intention there again, is not to like conceal it like it's not there. But to confuse and mislead about like the course heading or something up like that. Or like how fast they're going or Yeah.


Like I said, where they're headed and apparently it worked pretty good. Yeah. They look like disjointed zebra stripes that in, they're in different chunks that don't line up with one another. Yeah. So that's on the actual ship. And he painted paintings of these ships and they're really cool looking. I love it. Yeah. And Arthur Lisser is one of those painters whose style seemingly changed overnight around 1920 and really falls into line with the rest of the groups. It's pretty cool. Yeah. I guess we'll go over the last three here. We have Frederick Varley who lived till 1969. So I think he was the lived the second longest. He was a schoolmate of Liers in England. And I think we did mention that they both studied in Antwerp Belgium.


And then he reconnected with Lisser after living in Yorkshire and getting married. And he was like, Lisser was like, come on over to Canada, man. And he did. So in 1912 went to work at the grip, like a lot of them and also painted for the war memorials. Yeah. He was actually embedded in Europe with the Canadian military. So a lot of his paintings that he made during the war were like bombed out villages or like Yeah, I read that he, one of his paintings was a shelled cemetery to basically say like, even the dead can escape war. It's some harrowing stuff that he produced for sure. And I think, who else do we have? I think he was, he was very affected by the war, I should say. Yeah. To answer your question, who else do we have is my favorite by far of the group?


Frankie Franklin Carmichael. Yeah. And you were saying you wouldn't hang any of these in your home? I would hang a Carmichael basically any of them. Yeah. I, I agree actually. And that, that's some of my favorite stuff too. And I might, I might hang some of the other stuff. Maybe I was being too harsh, Hang it all. So he had kind of a more decorative sense sensibility. I saw it described as he used more colorful, softer colors. It like, just go look up Franklin Carmichael art and you'll just sit there and watch it all day. Yeah. He did more watercolors than the rest of them, but did work in other mediums. And then rounding out, we have Frank Johnston born in Toronto, so another one of Canadians sons and he worked at the Grip as well and he's, I think the only one that actually studied in the United States.


He went there for a little while, studied there, did some work there, and then went back to Toronto in 1915 and he was known for his opaque watercolor techniques. So he was kind of, you know, watercolors quicker. So he was pumping out paintings much quicker than the rest of these guys. Yeah, I saw he contributed 60 of the 200 canvases that were at that first show. That's amazing. He also, this is so artist, he was born Francis Hans Johnston and later on in life he com he compressed that to Frans. Oh wow. Hans and Frans Pretty cool. Yeah, exactly. Maybe we should take another break. Yes. And we'll be back with more art


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an base sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate and furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years, don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career. A game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Hey everybody, host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the Headstart, embracing the journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Yeah. In each episode, noro shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them, navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment. In spite of it all, you'll Get a glimpse into their day to day navigating not just the physical symptoms but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships and their family life. Joined by headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan Nora listens as guests share their chronic migraine experience all connected by a common theme of resiliency new to the show. We'll check out the first two seasons available now and definitely worth a listen and join the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the head, start embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, so we've talked about 1920 and what happened over and over again. But finally on May 7th is when the official unified school opened at the Art Gallery of Toronto with 120 paintings. And this is like definitely when the critics kind of, some of them poo-pooed it. One described some of the paintings as looking like the contents of a drunkard stomach. And I think this was maybe more just because it was a departure from the traditional art. Yeah. They got popular pretty quickly. I think their second show in May of 21 drew about 2,500 people over just three weeks and change. So people got on board pretty quickly. Yeah, for sure. Again, because in part this is a, they were painting Canada's national identity.


That's right. One of the other things, I don't know if I've made that point yet. I don't, I think a few more times that might get at home. One of the other things that was really big about this, this show was that the director of the National Gallery of all of Canada bought at least three of their works. Yeah. His name was Eric Brown. And in addition to basically ensconcing them in Canada's national gallery saying like, these guys are legit, this is the real deal. He put them in other exhibitions that Canada put on around the world and he would really play a big role later on during World War I and two as we'll see. Yeah. And he, you know, he was a patron of the arts. He loved these guys, but he was also criticized at times later by just solely being into these guys and like, Hey, you're not championing the work of women as much as you should or our indigenous artists.


So, you know, he, he was criticized for that. That's all I'll say For sure. So the group is kind of like rolling by now. They're doing more journeys. They're meeting once in a while to basically set up exhibitions, Franz Johnston leaves and they're like, well God, we're The Group of Seven. We need to get a seventh. Yeah. They bring in a guy named AJ Casson, who used to be Franklin Carmichael's assistant. They're like, okay, let's just break the trend and, and bring in an eighth member. So they brought in a guy named Edwin Holgate. He was brought in in 1929. Yeah. He Was a portraitist, which was a little different from the rest of 'em For sure.


He had also formed another group in Montreal called the Beaver Hall Group, which is a pretty good group name. Yeah, great Name. And then Lemoine Fitzgerald, who you could call the Jinx. He was brought on in 1932. The group broke up in 1933. So the Jinx missed their last exhibition in 1931. And then he was there for their breakup the year after he was brought on board. Yeah, that's, that's too bad for Le Moine. But he got a brief taste and then, you know, he, he lived until 1956, so he was still painting after that. We did mention a woman, Emily Carr, near the beginning as like, you know, this is a boys club, but she was never official officially a group of seven because of that.


But they did feature her works in some of their shows, one in 1927 in particular. And that's when they, you know, they kind of pulled her aside and they were like, Hey, you know, you're really, you're one of us. Like, it might not be official, but you're definitely one of us, But don't tell anybody. Yeah. And exactly don't tell anyone. And she painted a lot of indigenous villages and stuff like that. Yeah. And at one point was doing indigenous art, like hooked rugs and pottery and selling it to tourists. But yeah, she like, even way back then was like, wait a minute, maybe I'm appropriating this. They didn't use that word, I'm sure, but she, she stopped doing it. She was like, this is not a culture I'm a part of, so maybe I shouldn't be doing it and selling it. Yeah. That lady was ahead of even NPR.


Yeah. Yeah. Or what, what's Canada's version of N-P-R-C-B-C? Oh, right, of course. So all good things must come to an end. And one of the things that I think you can give a, a nod to The Group of Seven about is they're like, Hey, this thing's run its course, let's just disband. So they actually disbanded. They, they, they had a formal disbanding, I think in, in, again in 1933. It was Le Moines fault again. Right. Part of it was that McDonald had died in 1932. And again, he was kind of like the guy who was who the original, the, the figurehead, I think Papa Smurf.


Yeah. That was part of it. They thought it had run its course, but they were also now starting to get real pushback. Not just them, but also the National Gallery and Eric Brown saying like, you know, there's other, there's other artists in Canada, can we kind of include them? There's other parts of Canada besides the Northern Boreal forest. Yeah. And because of that, they actually stepped back, they disbanded The Group of Seven and then they regrouped and expanded to the Canadian group of painters, which started out with 28 artists and eventually grew to 61 total over the years. And this one included women. Yes. They, they expanded it greatly at that point.


The one of the reasons that, you know, they're obviously famous because they were, you know, Canadian through and through and what they were doing and where they were living and some of them where they were from. But they, in World War ii, the Canadian government got involved to do this silkscreen program where they silkscreen prints of this art and they put 'em up in their buildings and their government buildings and then put 'em up for sale. And Eric Brown was behind behind that as well. And that that really just cemented them because all of a sudden people were like buying this stuff and putting it on their own walls as prints. Yeah. They were in banks. They were in schools. Apparently Arthur Lisser, one of the original group of seven was in charge in part of selecting images.


So yeah, The Group of Seven was disproportionately represented in this. Yeah. And that is one reason why they are so enmeshed in Cana Canada's artistic psyche. Like, this is Canadian art, this is the foundation of it. That's a big part of it. Yeah. 'cause you could get it at the Spencer gifts all of a sudden. Yes. And you could, you could also make a, an argument that they were selected for this cheap silk screen reproduction because the colors, the bold colors, the shapes, the contours of the whole thing. It they, it was ripe for reproduction through screen printing. Yeah, for sure. It looked good on a screen print. Emily Carr was not chosen, in fact, no women were chosen.


And I think no artists that painted the coastlines of Canada were chosen and no work by indigenous artists as well, or work that depicted their community. So again, some controversy surrounding that stuff. Obviously that kind of thing today would be handled a lot differently. But this was again back in the, you know, mid 1940s when they started the silk screening. Yeah. But it was interesting that they were still criticized for that kind of stuff even. Yeah. Even back then, you know, people were aware of it for sure. Yeah, Totally. But yeah, If you wanna waste some time, well wasted, I should say go check out The Group of Seven ca and they have bios and like a lot of selected art or just look up these artists and type in artist's name works and just look at all the amazing stuff that comes up.


It's, it's good stuff. I'm glad you, you found this one or picked it or it was suggested. I'm not sure. I think I had just heard of him and Olivia helped us out and it, it's, I love learning more and more about art here later in life. Me too. Chuck, Me too. In my fifties. Well since Chuck said he's in his fifties, of course that means he's just unlocked listener mail Mid fifties. When are you 50? I will be 50 the July after next. Okay. And I don't care because forties suck. Yeah. It's the worst decade so far at least. But I've heard it just gets better after your forties that the, your life satisfaction dips in the forties and starts to climb back up and peaks again in your sixties and that that is comparable to your younger years.


The, the peak of happiness. So buddy, we have a lot to look forward to, man. Yeah, Just, just get ready. Yeah. We're gonna be podcasting the whole time. That's Right. Alright. This is a positive correction about fentanyl by the way. We got some props for just saying fentanyl. Not fentanyl. Alright. Josh noted If you go to prison, you're expected to simply dry out and hopefully recover that way. That is not the case guys. I teach in a correctional facility in Indiana. I'm happy to report that our prisons give incarcerated individuals or iis the option to take Suboxone in a controlled environment at a certain time each day. The II and the program are sent to our medical department and Gibbon Suboxone in order to help with their treatment.


This has helped those who struggle with addiction, but it's important to note that it can be addictive leading to potential abuse as well. Suboxone compared with recovery programs has helped a lot of my students and I found, I've been very fortunate to see some people turn their lives around through this. And we heard from a couple of other correctional workers from different states that do the same thing. So it sounds like it's sort of the norm. Yeah, That's heartening. Yeah, that's great to hear. Additionally guys, I appreciate that you cleared up some misconceptions about fentanyl. I can confirm that those ideas still impact law enforcement as our officers are required to wear gloves during cell searches in order to prevent absorbing fentanyl through the skin. Thanks for providing years of knowledge and relaxed and fun manner.


Thanks for coming to Indianapolis. I was at the show and it was great. It was a good show. And that is from Samuel Adult basic education instructor. Thanks Samuel. You're out there doing God's work. Congratulations to you and thank you for it. And If you wanna be like Samuel and gently correct us, we love that kind of thing, you can send it via email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay now. Go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on us


Hey everybody. I wanna tell you about Temptations, America's number one cat Treat brand. 'cause they're on a mission to show the world just how irresistible cat Dads truly are. And make 2025 the year of the Cat Dad. Because I gotta say, being a cat dad is great and it's a huge green flag because Cat Dads are some of the most caring and compassionate men of all Cat Dads yearn for a long lasting bond with their cat and irresistible temptations. Treats are key to helping foster and keep that cats lose their cool. Treat a cat in your life to temptations, treats, and discover what makes Cat Dads irresistible. At temptations treats.com.


When It comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection, and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up, they can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve. Feel special. It's available 24 7, 365 days a year, and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.