
Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day. and you can use those miles on any travel purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital. One. Travel Your next trip is closer than you think with the Venture Card. from Capital One terms. apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us today. And we know from experience that that's just fine. And, this is Stuff You Should Know. The, this guy had his finger in a lot of different pies. That stuff. You Should notice in episodes on edition. Yeah. I mean, this is a interesting one because our, our friend Chad, Chad did our TV show and Chad is doing a, or has done a podcast, a, a highly fictionalized scripted podcast.


Yeah. For, for our company, for iHeart. you know, the company we own Sure. About Tom Slick. And when he was telling me about this, Owen Wilson is voicing it and Sissy Spacey is in it. I have a small part. Oh Really? I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. I'll, I'll get to that. I also read that Carlton Fisk is in it. I don't think so. The baseball player? Yeah. No, it's Sissy Spacek's daughter. Yeah. Skyler Fisk. Skyler Fisk. I always confuse her with Carlton Fisk, the old White Sox player. Or Expos White Sox, I think among others. Okay. But anyway, Chad was like, dude, this guy, like, he's the most interesting man that you've never heard of.


And I found when I was online researching, like out outside of San Antonio and, and maybe Texas in a broader sense, like there aren't a ton of people who don't think that Tom Slick is just the name of a cartoon that has nothing to do with this guy. Yeah. Did you ever watch Tom Slick when you were younger? Oh, the cartoon. Yeah. Sure. I never did. Yeah. I watched a lot of Rocky and Bullwinkle, but I'd never heard of Tom Slick until I started researching this cat. Yeah. It was like a Georgia the jungle partner Right. Show. But yeah, I just I mean it was, even I mean it wasn't hard to find information online, but it wasn't as easy as a lot of people in considering all the like, kind of crazy, extraordinary things he did in his life.


I ran into the exact same issue where like, there's a lot of stuff, I don't even wanna say a lot, but there's a substantial enough amount of articles and, and sources about him online, but they all contain just basically like one-off anecdotes. Yeah. And it's like, wait, I don't, I don't quite understand like, how did this incident like help form his outlook on life? Like I, there's not a complete picture of that dude And, it drives me crazy. Yeah. Because I like to understand the whole thing, you know, I love how the parts kind of make up a hole. And I feel like with this guy, I largely just have parts, even though, you know, if I put 'em together, You Got a hole. He, he's, he's like a jigsaw with a bunch of missing places.


But I still can kinda see that the picture. And it's that he was a pretty cool and interesting dude and seems to have been a genuinely good dude too. Yeah. Had Nicholas Cage pulled off the film adaptation of his life. All your prayers may have been answered my friend. Yeah, I heard that. That one was canceled because he was doing it so weird. Every time Tom Slick ran into a problem or an issue and was upset, Nicola Cage would just go for like five minutes. And it took up, it added like a good 45 minutes to the film. Oh, what? And he refused to let them cut a second of it. I remember one of the funniest parts of the Andy when Andy Sandberg was doing Knix Cage on SNL, one of the lines he really got me one week was he was on the weekend update and they were talking about some movie that came out that he was in, you know, and he's in like 15 movies a year and he went, it had All the elements of a Knix Cage movie number one, it existed.


That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I like that guy a lot. Sandberg Knix Cage. Yeah. And Andy Sandberg is great too. And Tom. Slick, Yeah, for sure. I like Andy Sandberg and, but I hadn't seen, I never really watched Brooklyn. Nine Nine. I saw the most work he did in That's My Boy, which I actually loved. Like I don't think there's a Sandler movie out there that I don't at least like I did not see that. and there are many, many Adam Sandler movies I have not seen. I know. It's the shame of the podcast. Yeah. But I did watch the first couple of seasons of Brooklyn Nine Nine And it. It's great. Okay, well Adam Sandler wasn't on that as far as I know.


So that doesn't count. I don't think so. So let's talk about Tom Slick, huh? Yeah. I mean one of the problems with Tom Slick is separating fact from fiction because he's one of these guys that lives sort of an extraordinary curious, filled, adventurous life. And right off the bat, the fact that he was born on either May 6th and I also saw May 9th, it just may have been the way things were back then. This was in 1916 and he was a junior to Thomas Baker Slick Sr. Who was a guy that really rubbed off on his son because he had the same sort of adventurous spirit as an, as an oil man. Yeah. Tom Baker Slick Sr. Was king of the Wildcatters.


And a wildcatter is somebody who goes around just drilling oil wells in places where it's not at all clear that there's gonna be oil. They're just very hopeful prospectors. Right. Yeah. And that's how he spent like his early career. And then finally he just hit Pay Dirt. It was called the, I think the Wheeler one. Well, in Bristol, Oklahoma And, it became one of the most productive wells in America. It was pumping out like over 300,000 barrels a day. I got another stat for you at the time, what would become Cushing Oil Field was responsible for two thirds of the oil production in the Western Hemisphere. Man.


So yes, I guess it goes without saying that Tom Slick Sr. Made himself and his family rich beyond their wildest dreams. And so Tom Slick Jr. Grew up a rich kid. And that's a huge thing. That was a huge, like part of his formative upbringing. He was extraordinarily wealthy, but he was a rare rich kid that took that wealth and put it to good use and also used it to just totally free himself from, you know, the pursuit of making a profit or turning a dollar or whatever. He did things because he was curious about stuff and because he wanted to help humanity.


Yeah. But you know, when you're working that much, obviously you're not gonna be around your family as much. Tom had a couple of siblings and you know, dad just wasn't around. 'cause they lived in Pennsylvania as a family. Obviously the oil is out west. So Pops was in Oklahoma and Texas most of the time working these long hours and those long hours did him in when he died at only 46 years old of a stroke. I know. Which was a you Know A huge loss for young Tom because he, even though dad wasn't around that much, I, I get the feeling that he kind of idolized him and really revered him. Yeah. He definitely followed in his footsteps too, in a lot of ways. Yeah. So he was 14 years old at the time and you know, it, it was a huge loss.


It was, I also saw that he'd become so revered and respected in Oklahoma that when he passed away, the oil derricks in the Oklahoma City field, which is one of the biggest fields in the country, the, they went silent for an hour. So every oil man in Oklahoma who had a Derrick in this field stopped making money for an hour out of respect for Tom Sr. I think that says an enormous amount about him. Or maybe they were just hungry. It could have been I guess. Sure. So after Dad dies, mom did something that was, you know, pretty common back then, or you know, not more common than it feels like it is now, which is marrying your dead spouse's brother or sister.


Her brother-in-law was Charles Urschel because he was married to Tom's sister Flo, who also died around the same time. This is all just bad luck of course. Nothing, nothing weird went on and they got together and got married. Yeah. They had a leverate marriage like we talked about in the widows episode. So from what I can gather, Charles Ersel was a good stepfather to Tom and Tom was happy to have him. I mean it was his uncle already. Right. So he was quite concerned when he was 17, he was home from Exeter the boarding school for the summer back at Oklahoma City. By this time the whole family had moved to Oklahoma City and was living in a mansion, the Slick Urschel family.


And on July 22nd, 1933, while everybody's just kind of hanging out, machine gun Kelly came knocking on the door with a few of his, his cronies and said, we are taking Charles Urschel with us. Which one of you two men is Charles Ersel? And Urschel's friend Walter Jarrett was, did one of the most standup things a friend can do when you're being kidnapped. Yeah. He just stood silently and sort of nudged his nose over toward Urschel. Right. His, his eyes are going like way left over Here. No one picked up on that. No, I'm kidding. He, neither one of them said anything. And you know, I guess they were sort of together in this. And so they took 'em both and that, you know, that's what happened.


They kidnapped both these guys. They would eventually find Jarret's id, so they dumped him on the side of the road and took Urschel to rural Texas to a ranch and demanded 200 grand in ransom, which is close to 5 million bucks today. Yes. This was a hugely consequential event. Right. So that, that Tom Slick Jr's tangentially involved in, because when Charles Urschel was being held, he really kept his head about him. And depending on who you ask, either, he noted the time of day, the times of day that a train passed by nearby or that planes flew overhead to try to get an idea of where he was.


He put his fingers on everything he could to leave fingerprints. And he also counted the steps anywhere he went when he was blindfolded. So when he was released, and thankfully he was released unharmed for a $200,000 ransom, he was able to tell the feds like, Hey, here's everything you need to know about going and finding this ranch where they took me. And they did. They found it rather quickly. Yeah. He was also timing how long the trains were And If, you know, how many trains are passing in a sort of general area, how big these trains are. I I think that allowed them to literally go to train schedules in that part of Texas and figure this thing out.


So he was, he was a very smart guy and there were, you know, they arrested Uhhi and Kelly fled, but they arrested the other guys. They were able to track down Kelly in Memphis and he went to Alcatraz for the rest of his life. Yeah. So the, not only did he go to Alcatraz machine gun Kelly did, but this is where we talked about in the j Edgar Hoover episode where G-Man was coined because they went to come get him. And when they busted in the door, he said, don't shoot G-Man. And that's where their nickname came from. Just like we talked about in the Hoover episode that happened from this. So this is what I'm saying, like Tom Slick his life really spreads out into a lot of different Stuff, You, Should Know episodes.


And yet we'd still never ran across him in our research, which is strange to me. Yeah. He was a big backer of science. That's something that you're gonna see that kind of pops up again and again in his life. Right. Stemming from his just natural curiosity. And he was a very, very smart dude. He went to Yale and was into genetics and was really, and this was a time when, you know, in the 1940s, Ripley, believe it or not, magazine and the idea of like cross-breeding animals and cryptids and all these things were just, it was sort of big news or if not big news, something people were kind of into at the time. And he supposedly kept a list of like animals that he wanted to try and cross breed.


When he read about a, a, a hog goat that was a ho that was living in Arkansas, he drove to Arkansas and bought whatever it was. I I, I don't even know if it was like poor things or what he ended up with, but whatever he brought home, he tried to breed it on his own farm with no luck. It Was definitely not a hog goat because it's physically and genetically and biologically impossible for them to reproduce. So I didn't see what it was either. Just that that didn't exist. But that didn't stop 'em from trying. Did you really look that up? I mean, I, I was like, I gotta see this thing. and there was nothing, nothing ho hog goat hog, goat cross breeding. Yeah.


That's not possible. Nothing like that. I know, but I thought like surely there's, there's something that this, I couldn't find any reference to it. I also saw in some places that he, he basically like went to go buy it and realized that these people didn't even exist. And certainly the ho didn't exist, but he went and tried it anyway because he really liked the idea of it. And this was when genetics was really new and cutting edge and this guy's into it while he's still at Yale, you know. Yeah. So one of the things he successfully does cross breeded is cattle. He looked at the Scottish Angus, which is, you know, prized for its excellent quality beef.


They're very, very fertile. And then he looked at the Brahman cattle from India and he was like, these things are are great. They're disease resistant. They're pest resistant. They are, they do well in drought and they're very, very maternal, much more maternal than these Angus. Oh yeah. So let's get them together. Put three eights Brahman with five eights Angus. And this was one of his big noted early successes when he was in his early twenties. He created the rangu cattle breed that is still around today and like highly sought after. Yeah, I, yeah, I saw that. That people still love that And. it helped introduce the Angus cattle into Texas where they would not have done very well before.


Yeah. But here's the thing though, like, this sounds cool. Like, and you think, oh this guy's like a cattle guy now he's a rich kid looking to make more money on this cattle deal. He was doing it because he wanted to introduce a breed of cattle that did better in places where there was drought and there were pests and disease. So one of his business partners was like, he didn't care about making money on this. He just, he hoped it would help people in hot countries. Not just, he didn't care. He didn't give quote a hoot in hell about making money on Braus. Well I wasn't gonna say It. I say we take a break and come back and you mentioned he's into decrypted. Let's talk about that in a second. Okay. Alright, We'll be right back.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV, streaming players and smart lights. Head to roku.com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


You know, elevating your grocery shopping on a budget is as easy as 1, 2, 3, 1. You can check out the weekly sales@wholefoodsmarket.com. It gets refreshed every Wednesday so you always know where the savings are. Two, you can look for 365 by Whole Foods market items throughout the store. The store brand has all the quality you expect from Whole Foods at prices your wallet will love. And then three, just walk the store and look for those little yellow signs that mention low price. There are so many ways to save at Whole Foods Market. And now, you know,


if you're driving right now, look around. I'll wait I all those cars you see, they're all probably on autotrader.com. That's right. That's because Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars. Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well actually not flying cars yet, but as soon as those get invented they'll be on Autotrader. AutoTrader's been attracting car shoppers for years now and for good reason, not only do they have supercharged search features that allow you to easily find your perfect car, Autotrader has Kelley Blue book, my Wallet from credit scores to down payments to interest rates. We all know that car buying requires a lot of math, so enter my wallet on Autotrader. That's right. It's a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So you never have to do car math again. You're welcome. So whether you're into timeless classics or the latest trends or whether you just want something practical with no surprise costs, If, you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. See it. Find it. Autotrader.


So I don't know if we said it or not, but Tom Slick got be, he developed a love of Cryptids with that he shared with his father. His father passed on like a love of stories about Lochness Monster, the Abominable Snowman, all sorts of adventurous stuff like that. And it, like you said, it really rubbed off on Tom Jr. And so at a pretty early age, I think he, yeah, he was still at Yale and with some of his buddies, he packed his red Buick onto a steamer ship and went to Europe for a summer where they drove around Europe and one of the top things on his list was to go look for the Lochness monster. And one of the things you'll, you'll kind of notice about Tom Slick is that when he's doing these things that today in retrospect seem very weird and flaky at the time there was like a lot of evidence that these things existed.


This was 1937, the next year the sealant would be rediscovered. Like it was just kind of in the air that there were things out there that se hadn't identified yet. And perhaps the Lochness monster was one of them. Yeah. And the, the, the very, very famous picture of supposed Nessie was just three years prior to that. So it was all the rage at the time. Personally. He got married pretty quickly after Yale and got divorced even quicker to his first wife, Betty I guess long enough to have a son named William. But really took after his dad more ways than one because he was a very busy guy. He was a workaholic. He did spend more time around his family.


I get the idea than his father did. Yeah. But if, you know, the Yeti came calling, he would go find the Yeti or try to find the Yeti or if he wanted to, to open up a new scientific research center of which he opened Geez, how many, like five of them while he was alive. Yes. Then he would spend his time doing that. 'cause it was, he thought it was very worthwhile And. it was The call of the Yeti, by the way, is Nicholas Cage. You could have played the Yeti and Tom Slick in the same year. Right. Yeah. That would've been Amazing. Just like adaptation. Yep, Exactly. So you said that he was a little closer with his kids than his father.


I think one of the ways he did that was on a lot of his adventures, he'd bring his kids along with him. And I know at least his son Charles Chuck, even Chuck Chuck's Lick has very fond memories of going on adventures with his dad. So I. Yeah. He was definitely closer to his kids, at least experience wise than he was with his father. Yeah. So one big foray into the science scientific side of his life was science city. It was this dream project that he had had for a long time. It's very sort of 19 mid 1930s name I guess. So he opens up, science City, gets the ball rolling.


By 1940 they had moved to San Antonio, which is where, you know, you'll find Tom, Slick Park and Tom Slick everything basically. Right. Which includes a little Nessie statue, which is kind of cool. Yeah. But you can totally tell it's fake. Yeah, yeah. That's not the real thing. So he bought 1,602 acres about eight miles west of San Antonio that would eventually grow to about 4,000 acres for the SR E-S-S-A-R ranch, which is just a, a long way of saying Sr for scientific research. And he was 24 years old and this is where all that brain gets stuff happened. Yeah. And you said that he founded five research facilities in his twenties.


Three of them are still around. One of the first ones he established was the foundation for applied research. Far FAR or fair, depending on how you say it. And that is still around, that's now the t Texas Biomedical Research Institute. And as we'll see, these things have had like significant contributions to science in the world since they've been around. Yeah, for sure. And are, were all those in his twenties? From what I understand, this is all over like a few year period. Yeah. Geez, That's incredible. I know he tried to enlist the Navy after Pearl Harbor in 1941, but he didn't have good eyesight, so they said you are not fit for, you know, wartime duty.


So they commissioned him in 1942 as a lieutenant and right away said, all right, you know what you're good at is running big operations. Why don't you go work for the war production board and kind of help this, this idea that we have of changing over factories for making whatever they're making to helping out with wartime production. From there, he went to DC working for the Board of Economic Warfare, which was actually in San Diego, Chile. And this is where things get a little, like who knows what happened because his letters and diaries weren't around. The records from what he did in Chile were destroyed.


And we'll never know if or not he was like a spy in South America, which a lot of his family and o other people said they thought he was, I think we Know A hundred percent that he was a spy in Chile at the time. Oh really? Just from the circumstantial evidence. Oh, okay. Yeah. I I thought you meant, you found something very verify. Oh Man, you could write a book If, you found that. But yes, the family lores that he was working in South America as a, basically a Nazi catcher helping local governments and the US catch Nazis who'd escaped, Which happened there. Yes. That's the thing. It happened while he was there.


That's one of the operations that was going on in South America. And he was just an American businessman, but he was also in the Navy and no one knows why he was stationed there. He never talked about it or told anybody. I, I would say that that's pretty much certain because If you combine that with another thing that he may have been an operative for, or at least related to some operatives. I I think that it's, it's pretty certain he was, that's my 2 cents at least. All right. So he got married again this time to, in 1947 to a woman 12 years younger. She was 18 at the time and they had three kids.


They also got divorced. you know, again, he's not around a lot and probably not the most, you know, attentive husband when he has all these things going on. And he had, he, you know, he's somebody I look up to in a lot of ways after sort of finding out how he worked. Certainly not as a a husband, but how he worked as a curious person. He seems like the kind of guy that he would read and read and read just about everything that he could and just soak up as much knowledge as he could. And when he came across something that piqued his interest in, in a particular way or that he couldn't figure out, he had the, the resources and the money and the time to, you know, if not solve it, try to solve it by just saying like, alright, pick up the phone, let me call who I, whoever I know, or write a letter to whoever I know who might be able to help out with this.


And then depending on what they say, I might hire some people to go to work and try and figure this stuff out. I might work on it myself. And whatever the outcome, he was just about trying, he wasn't afraid of failing, he was just, he was just trying to find out stuff and made his best efforts to, even if it didn't work out. Yeah. Just finding out that no one seemed to know the answer to that was enough for him. you know, of course he wanted to find the answer to the question he was looking for, but yeah, he said, I don't believe in failure only outcome, like he said. And that's just what a great motto, you know, I mean, that's just Yeah. Completely transforms your outlook on life. Yeah. I mean, it's, to be clear, it is a motto that you can afford when you have that kind of privilege, when you can just be like, Hey, I'll fail.


Like what's the big rub? Sure. And he had that privilege, but he, you know, in his favor, he didn't use that privilege to sit around on a beach and drink coconut drinks like he was trying to better humankind. Yeah. And I mean like, yes, that's a great point. But I also think that you can apply it to all sorts of different things in life, you know, not necessarily just your success or your wealth or anything like that. Yeah, for sure. So there were, he, there were a lot of things that he used this technique for that came to fruition. Some things may or may not exist, we're not a hundred percent sure, but one thing that he definitely did in co invent that did have some consequence to it was what's called a lift slab method of basically creating a concrete roof.


Those are very expensive to make, that's very difficult to create them in place on the roof. And he basically figured out a technique to make it on the ground and then lift it into place. It sounds kind of basic and low hanging, but apparently it saves a lot of cost. And, it works. So that's a pretty good example of him just kinda putting his mind to figuring a better way out. It's boring, but it's still a good example. Yeah. I mean that wasn't just for roofs, it was I mean, if he built a 10 story building, he would build all 10 floors on the ground and then hydraulic those suckers up there. That's, man, what can't you do with hydraulics? And we should also mention the, the lift slab.


It was simultaneously developed by another guy named Philip Utes. Tom Slick got the patent and you know, gets all the glory for that. But a lot of people still call it the, the Utes slick method. Beautiful. He developed a breed of mice. This was early in chemotherapy treatments that were very useful in testing. We mentioned that braus, I think my favorite is that he had a thing against cowlicks in your hair, so he invented a hair tonic that could supposedly reverse those cowlicks. Yeah. In particular Brangus Cowlicks, Come here, your cow Thinkless skunks, apparently. Did you see anything about this? I couldn't really find anything on that.


I don't know. I found nothing on that. I don't know if it just went beyond the idea stage. One thing that definitely happened was one of his institutes, it might have been the Southwest Research Institute or the Texas Biomedical Institute, had a huge role in producing some of the first oral contraceptives that's fairly world altering. Sure. And then another one that did not come to fruition was called were artificial Pecans. Pecans, however you wanna say it. He, he decided that the trees were way too water intensive, especially from the perspective of Texas. And so he wanted to find a way to create pecans that did not need to grow on trees. And like I said, it didn't get anywhere. I cannot for the life of me find what the heck he made the artificial pecans out of.


But he definitely gave it a try. So we've talked a lot about his, you know, work as a, a funder of science and a believer in science, kind of, maybe not weirdly, but he was also a guy that really loved the unexplained and the mystical and was not, couldn't he though he believed in science. He wasn't, he didn't necessarily think that those walls couldn't be explored beyond, you know, so he went to India, as a lot of people did in those days who were seeking enlightenment in the fifties, saw people walking on hot coals, supposedly saw to llamas and Tibetan monks levitating off the ground, as is one of his claims.


He Basically went to a Tony Robbins convention. Does he levitate llamas? He does all sorts of stuff like this that yes, he does pseudoscientific things like this. Or maybe a David Blaine performance. Yeah, yeah. I tried to learn that method, but I I did it okay for a little while, but it wasn't great. What levitating Well, the, the illusion that you're levitating, which is what David Blaine did. It's a, it's a trick obviously, Isn't it? Essentially you're basically standing on your, your toes. You're standing on one toe. You have people at a certain angle where when you're raising all of your body weight up on the one toe, you're, you're blocking it and with your other foot and like pant leg.


And so it's all about the angle at which you see it. So you can't see that that one toe is on the ground, but it looks great. If. you can If you can do it. Well, So I don't understand why you call it levitating. I think you could just get as much awe out of people as saying like, I'm standing on one toe right now, everybody. How nuts is that? Yeah. I'm, I'm a toe, a toe bodybuilder. I've got the strongest toe. Right. So this is a really consequential time in, in Central Asia, east Asia, in Tibet. The Dalai Lama had been, oh, I don't know the word, but basically found and identified just several years before And.


this is the Dalai Lama as we know him today. And around this time he was about 21 and China had invaded Tibet. And all of a sudden the Dalai Lama found himself as like the head of the Tibetan government. Everybody said, you're, you're the guy, what are you gonna do about this? and there was almost nothing he could do. There were Tibetan freedom fighters, Tibetan resistance rebels, and they were just getting crushed left and right by China. And Tibet was a, a place where China had invaded. And so now anytime you saw an American, you can pretty much guess that if they weren't CIA, they were backed by the CIA. They were giving information to the CIA. The CIA had like a 20 year program in Tibet.


And one of the things they did was help get the Dalai Lama out when it became clear that the Dalai Lama needed to get the heck out and create a government for Tibetan exile, which he still runs today. The CIA helped that happen. And so did in some way, shape or form Tom. Slick had some sort of hand in it. Alright, maybe we should take a break. And, it sounds like a good little cliffhanger and come back and talk about why he may have been over there in the first place right after this.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own, make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV, streaming players and smart lights. Head to roku.com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


You know, elevating your grocery shopping on a budget is as easy as 1, 2, 3, 1. You can check out the weekly sales@wholefoodsmarket.com. It gets refreshed every Wednesday so you always know where the savings are. Two, you can look for 365 by Whole Foods Market items throughout the store. The store brand has all the quality you expect from Whole Foods at prices your wallet will love. And then three, just walk the store and look for those little yellow signs that mention low price. There are so many ways to save at Whole Foods Market.


And now, you know, if you're driving right now, look around. I'll wait all those cars you see, they're all probably on autotrader.com. That's right. That's because Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, actually not flying cars yet, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. AutoTrader's been attracting car shoppers for years now, and for good reason, not only do they have supercharged search features that allow you to easily find your perfect car, Autotrader has Kelley Blue book, my Wallet from credit scores to down payments to interest rates. We all know that car buying requires a lot of math, so enter my wallet on Autotrader. That's Right. It's a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So you never have to do car math again. You're welcome. So whether you're into timeless classics or the latest trends, or whether you just want something practical with no surprise costs, If, you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. See it. Find it. Autotrader.


All right. So where we left off was a little tease about Tom Slick potentially maybe helping to get the Dalai Lama out of Tibet. Why was he there? He had met him already. So that was a, you know, before the break we were talking about a trip that he took over there. Tossed that one aside. He goes home, starts living his life, feels a little bit more enlightened. He can meditate a little bit. Sure. Worthwhile trip. But he just, like his father was fascinated by the idea of the Yeti, the Mable Snowman and the Himalayas. And like you mentioned earlier, like this was a time when, you know, it was kind of right in the middle of all these Yeti sightings. There were, there were new species being discovered.


And so he was like, Hey, listen, I'm not some, some wacko who just, you know, believes in these weird crypts. He cryptics he said, I, I think there's something out there that may be like the link between man and animal. And I think there are at least two species. There are the big tall eight footers with black hair. There were smaller red-haired guys. And I think it's like a pre-human man that's been basically hidden for thousands of years in the Himalayas. Yeah. And I mean Westerners have been trying to climb the Himalayas for decades by this time. But, and as they came back they would bring stories from the locals about the Yeti, the abominable snowman.


And so like you said, like it's, it wasn't just totally like off the charts or super fringe to, to mount an expedition for this. And he did. And like he was looking for a missing link. Remember his fascination with hybridization, he felt like that that's what those things were. They were a missing link out there. They weren't some undiscovered animal. They were some human relative that had somehow survived in the wilds of the Pacific Northwest or the wilds of the Himalayas. And he wanted to find one, I don't know if he wanted to kill and stuff it, 'cause he was a hunter, but he definitely wanted to at least catch one or meet one, shake his hand, buy him a steak dinner, I'm not sure, buy him aranga steak dinner.


Pretty good. He actually did change the way that those expeditions went down because most of those had been kill and catch or catch and kill expeditions for kind of anything like that. And he changed it to more research base and hey, let's see if we can get something alive. Good, I'm glad. So he did, he mounted three different expeditions. I think the first one was in the winter of 1956, which you're gonna go to the Himalayas in the winter. It seems like poor planning to me. And while he was there, he found a footprint 13 inch long bare footprint and he made a plaster cast of it And.


it became one of his prize possessions. He actually kept it on his dining room table to, and like if somebody wouldn't bring it up when they were a guest at his house, he would just kind of quietly nudge it over toward them until it was like in their face on their plate even sometimes. And they'd be like, oh, okay, what is this? If I may ask and he'd say, oh, well funny You Should ask, let me tell you about this abominable snowman footprint. Yeah. He actually got a few footprints and a couple of them were very noteworthy. I mean they weren't Yeti, but they were noteworthy in that every other footprint had been snow footprints. And he got a couple out of the mud, which was I guess sort of a bigger deal.


And also supposedly brought back some hair samples. Again, not a Yeti because there's no Yeti. But he didn't know that at the time. No, No. Give the guy a break. He's, he's trying to find what's true and what's not true, just like us. So two years after the first one, he launched a second expedition. This one was like fully kitted out. He and a friend spent plunked down 30 grand in I guess 1958 money to fund this expedition. There was a photographer, a documentary filmmaker, there were professional trackers. They brought in a reconnaissance plane, they had tranquilizer guns, which supports your idea that this was not a catch and kill. And then also he brought three blue tick hounds, tick bloodhounds, which are really well known as tracker dogs.


And he even put little snow boots on them to help them through the snow. Yeah. Which I thought was very conscientious. Totally. He didn't go on this one, he just, you know, helped fund it because he had bailed on a bus on the previous expedition that had lost its brake and pretty much tore up his knees permanently from that point. So there are some great pictures of him with his like knees all band bandaged up. But he's, he's still, you know, smiling away looking like he stepped out of a banana Republic ad. Is he giving the thumbs up? There was no thumb. Well, he had a cane in his hand. Okay. Yeah. So that second expedition was there for nine months, came home empty handed obviously, or else we would all know that there was such a thing as y the Yeti and the third and last expedition, this is where the CIA business kind of comes in.


He funded two brothers, Peter by and Brian Byrne. And Peter was a, well-known outdoorsman hunter. And he'd been searching for the Yeti for a couple decades by this time. So Tom Slick financed a third expedition with these two brothers. And here we come to yet another Stuff You Should Know episode I guess the one on the Yeti or the abominable snowman where we talked about this story where a Yeti thumb that was being on being displayed at Pang Bush Temple, the, the Buddhist monk temple was stolen And, it turns out it was Peter and Brian Byrne who stole it on behalf of Tom Slick who asked them to steal it on behalf of Dr.


Osmond Hill. A primatologist from the uk Yeah. And this is, this is probably the most famous story about Tom Slick because of a, a certain co-conspirator here that we're gonna introduce. But he, it was actually a, a finger and a thumb. They gave these guys, these brothers like another finger to trade, or not trade, but to swap out and hope no one would notice I guess. And said, here's, you know, here's a thumb, take it over there, see If, you can swap 'em out. Supposedly the Byrne brothers talked about giving a big donation to the temple. No one knows exactly what went down, but they left with that Yeti thumb and finger.


And what they were told was a Yeti scalp was another piece of piece of Yeti I guess that they got. So I've seen this a couple of ways and stories I've seen that a certain Hollywood actor was in on this from the beginning. And it was all part of the plan. And then I've also seen that after this happened, the Byrne brothers went to Calcutta and just had dinner with Jimmy Stewart and his wife at the Grand Hotel. And Stewart from there got on board and just said, and my best Jimmy Stewart If, you need help getting the thumb across the border? I can, I can put it in my wife's underwear bag. That was great.


I was really hoping you were gonna do something like that. It's okay. I used to do a decent one, but it's been a while. It's Good especially for being rusty. I think the way we told it was that he happened to be there and offered, I don't remember knowing that he was supposedly part of the whole thing. It doesn't really matter, honestly. No, he definitely smuggled what was thought to be a Yeti thumb across the border and finger out right out of India in his wife's lingerie case back to the UK where he gave it to Dr. Hill. And Dr. Hill promptly just stopped talking about it. I guess he probably did some sort of examination and was like, you know, this isn't not a Yeti thumb.


And filed it away in the archives of the Royal College of Surgeons in London where it was lost until I believe the 21st century. And then finally in 2011, zoo researchers did a DNA test on it and they said, this is a human finger and thumb. And they made the little finger gun for the, for the photo that was published all over the world. Why do I get the feeling at the time if they would've found that f in thumb in the in underwear bag at the airport. Right. That she could have just been like, stay out of that. That's my thumb, that's my finger. Stay outta my underwear. They would've just been like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. And like just given it back to her.


I can't remember where I read it, but it was years and years ago. We may have talked about it, but when there's, when there's a personal massager found in luggage that's being searched in front of the person, it like, I think the TSAs instructed to just pretend it, it doesn't exist. Like they didn't see it. I can't remember where we, I surely We, I I definitely remember us talking about that. That was a while ago. Okay. So yeah, I I think back in the late fifties, you could have done the same thing with a Yeti finger, considering it was in her underwear case. Yeah. The other thing that they brought back was that Yeti scalp, obviously not a Yeti scalp, it was a type of Himalayan goat.


So they struck out on all fronts too bad, but Too bad, so sad Perhaps. And I saw, I saw definite confirmation that Peter by, at the very least, was helping the CIA get people in and out of Tibet. There was a guy named George Patterson that was doing work like undercover work and he helped get him in and out. So the idea is that sort of, kind of closing the loop on the Dalai Lama is that because of Peter Burns work with the CIA getting people in and out, that the New York Times even wrote a story in April of 57 called Soviet Sees Espionage in Us Snowman Hunt that this Yeti, I don't know if it was a complete front, I think they were also looking for the Yeti, but they were like, well, since we're over here we'll do a little bit of CIA work for the guys.


Right, exactly. And I guess it's not definite, but I, I did see at least one source that Peter Byrne had a, a, a real hand in getting the Dalai Lama out. I love that. Maybe he offered him his literal hand. He offered him a Yeti thumb. Come With me, big guy. So Yeti eventually became Bigfoot as far as Tom Slick passions went because a little closer to home he could take, take the kids on that trip didn't have to go to the Himalayas. So he became a, a serious bigfoot hunter, including like hooking up with people who are, until very recently were still big and noteworthy Bigfoot hunters.


Yeah. One of them was Peter Byrne. Peter Byrne went on to be one of the big, well-known Bigfoot hunters when he went with Tom Slick, that's kind of where he got the taste for it. And he is like, Hey Tom, you go back home. I'm gonna just stay here. And even wrote a book called The Search for Bigfoot Monster Myth or Man. So I think that's a great 1976 in particular title for a book on Bigfoot. Oh, totally. So back to his private life, you know, he, he got divorced that second time and after that he was like, you know what, married is not for me, but what is for me is being a millionaire playboy.


And, you know, everything I saw said that he was very upfront with the women that he cavorted with and was like, Hey, I'm out to have a good time. This is not gonna get serious. It's kind of a sort of a touchy way of saying he had a lot of girlfriends at the same time, his, his niece wrote a a book about him and knew a lot about him. And she said that at one point I found a Christmas list from 1958 and he would get these lists together of like, hey, get these gifts for these very specific women. Send it to ne Neiman Marcus and like take care of them. So on the 58 list he had Annette, Kathy, Cheryl, Cynthia, Irene, Jean, Jerry, Mary, Nancy, Nell, Sandra Sylvia, Tony Topsy, and three Helens.


So 17 women scattered all over planet Earth. He was, you know, he was having a good time. It sounds like It sounded just now like you were halfway through a Shell Silverstein poem, especially when Topsy makes an appearance, you know? Yeah. Who's topsy. There's one other thing we need to mention about him is that he wrote not one, but two books arguing and laying out plans for world peace, which, you know, not everybody's got those under their belt. So I read at least one review of it from the fifties and they were like, this is actually pretty good. Yeah. I mean again doing like the good work Sadly, that that good work in that life was cut very short in a tragic way when in 1962 he was coming back in a little plane after a pheasant hunting in Calgary with some friends and they're plane basically disintegrated in midair and bad weather over Montana, man.


And he died at the same age as his father at, at just 46 years old. Yeah. And is buried at Mission Burial Park there in San Antonio. Yeah. And like we said, those, those science foundations that he created went on to do some pretty amazing things in, in addition to oral contraceptives vaccines for hepatitis A through CHIV aids, Ebola virus. They had a big role in the Covid vaccine and they also, another one develops things for NASA electric cars, the oil and gas industry. They're the kind who, like, they don't make the stuff, they help other people make the stuff through their research, They make the stuff better.


What company is that? BASF. That's exactly what it is thinking of. Yeah. Also, again, as a another coda, he was a great patron of the arts, had one of the great art collections of a private American citizen, most of which is at the McNay Art Museum. And like we said, that movie with Knix Cage didn't happen, but the, the podcast, Tom Slick Mystery Hunter is out now with Owen Wilson. Yeah. Playing Tom Slick And Skyler Fisk And Skyler Fisk and her mom, sissy Spacey and Chad sent me a list. I mean it's just sort of a, a murderer's row of great actors.


And this was literally yesterday and I was like, huh, I would've loved to have done a voice. So he, yesterday, like an hour after that said he felt bad and I was like, oh man, I mean don't feel bad. I was just kidding. But I always want to do dumb voices. And he, about an hour later he said, I got something for you. I was like, really? He was like, can you do it today? And he said, you're opposite Sissy Spacey. And I was like, are we gonna zoom together? And he went, no, you just record your lines and we marry them to hers. But technically I'll be in a scene with Sissy Spacey playing 70-year-old former governor of Texas. Governor Nielsen not a real person.


A lot of this is highly fictionalized. It's a, you know, it's, it's a fun podcast. It's not like they, they stick to the facts when they can, but it's, it's an entertaining kind of thing. So if you've never listened to a scripted fictional show, give it a shot. 'cause I listened to a couple of episodes and it's super cool and you can hear me doing my best kind of old, old school Levon Helm accent. Can we hear It? Yeah. I guess we could play a, a clip. Yeah, let's do that. Alright, here's, here's a little clip of me you guys Finally, governor Claire, it's so lovely of you to come to this little sheik for Dad Little. I heard there might be some reveals about the mysterious Tom Slick.


As a kid, I always thought your father lived a double life. Oh yeah. Claire, remember when we had those sleepovers at your house? Sure. And your dad, he'd tell us these wild tales about mysteries the world had never known Holy men who could levitate the tunnel on the Amazon lined with diamonds. The abominable snowman that he said roam the roof of the world. He told those tales like he'd lived them. So I guess I thought he always had Way to go. Chuck. Thank You. He was an old Texas guy like that. Get off my claim. You environment.


Awesome. So where, where can you find this Chuck? Where can you find this podcast that you're starring in I mean anywhere you can get your podcast I. guess That's right. Isn't that what they say? That's right. It's called Tom Slick Mystery Hunter. Right? Yeah. Awesome. Well Chuck said, yeah, I was just mentioning a podcast that he starred in and we've fallen backwards into listener mail. Alright, I'm gonna call this random fact 'cause that's what Adam called it when he wrote in in the subject line. Hey guys, on your Luddites episode, you mentioned some places like Lancaster. That's the origin of the term Sheriff.


I love this or this email. Sure. Or Shire I. guess just like in Lord of the Rings County Reeve. So the county sheriff was originally the Shire Reeve and was shortened to sheriff or Sheriff. Yeah. All this info was bestowed upon me by a professor of criminal justice at at Ole Miss University in the early two thousands. Go Rebels. I've been listening for several years. Look forward to every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Keep it cool guys. That's from Adam. Alright, thanks a lot Adam. That's a great one. I've never heard that before in my life. And now I know. And If, you want to be like Adam and let us know something we never knew before in our lives, but or would be happy to know. Please send it to us via email at stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be. With Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to roku.com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.