
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Welcome To. Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. It's just us. There's no Jerry there. Maybe never was Camp. And this is Stuff. You. Should Know Camp. What? Camp? Oh, camp Inside gym. Yeah. Jerry's at camp right now. Can I do a quick COA at the head here? Sure. The things we're gonna be talking about today, folks, internet mysteries times three.


There are a lot of people who get very into this stuff specifically, you know, the three things we're talking about as with most internet mysteries. But we are certainly not gonna get into it in the detail that you will satisfy you if this is something that you have researched a lot and have been super into because you know, they're getting about 15 minutes a piece and you know, just give us a break. We're doing our best to kind of cover it in a short amount of time. Yeah, For sure. I think that was a good COA that was like a true bonafide COA. Yeah. 'cause I've answered the question that you're probably going to want to email, which is how could you not talk about blank?


Right, Exactly. We're gonna talk about as much as we can, and like you said, we got three amazing unsolved mysteries of the internet to discuss. There's plenty out there, but in my book, these are probably the three best, I think. Ooh, all right there. I mean, there's a lot out there, Josh, stop there. There. And I don't, I'm, I'm saying I'm excluding true crime. Obviously these are just oddities that have not been solved at this point. Maybe never will be solved, but probably could be at some point. You never know. Well, now we're just, just eating into our Cicada 33. Oh, I'm sorry. So let's talk first, I guess then Yes. About Cicada 33 0 1, shall we?


Sure. This was a series of three puzzles that were put out starting January 4th, 2012. Then a year later, same date on the 13th. And then again, same date on the 14th on four chan. And then eventually some clues would come out on Twitter, but they were posted online under the, the Banner 33 0 1 and have since become known as Cicada 33 0 1 because many of the messages and clues ended up containing an image of a cicada. Yeah, kind of like a stylized line drawing or of a cicada.


I've seen it compared very much to like the moth on the Silence of the Lambs poster. Yeah, totally. Especially the first image had a cicada in it. And cicadas are important because they come out every certain number of years, but those years are always prime numbers. It's very interesting. Yeah. And in that first message that they sent out, they posted it on four chan and it, the Post said, hello. We are looking for highly intelligent individuals to find them. We have devised a test. There is a message hidden in this image. Find it and it will lead you on the road to finding us. We look forward to meeting the few that will make it all the way through. Good luck. Cryptic.


It was super cryptic, but it definitely caught the attention of people. They posted it on the right social media platform. Four chan was a great one to post it on to get the attention of people who would want to do this. And the whole thing spread pretty quickly. People obviously immediately started trying to figure out what the hidden message was. Steganography is what it's called. Hiding a message inside something else, usually an image. And it turns out there's all sorts of like tools out there on the internet that you can use to decode stuff like this. And so people just kinda said about getting, getting busy with it, as some people say.


Yeah. And one of those kids, did I assume you read the Rolling Stone article or no? I don't know. I, I don't think so. No, not for this one. Okay. They had a really big super long one that talked to two of the guys who were teenagers at the time. Who were the, I mean, I think probably the, some of the first people that solved it, I'm not gonna go on record and say the first, but one guy would only go by tech, TEKK, and another guy's name was Marcus Warner. And they would eventually hook up online. But initially this kid tech as a 15-year-old learned that when he copied that image as a text document and notepad, that you got what you would expect, which is a wall of text.


But part of it was, was readable text that said Tiberius, Claudia Caesar says, and then it had a bunch of alpha numeric text. He knew that the Caesar c ciphers is one of the oldest ciphers, one of the oldest kinds of encryption, which is a, a substitution cipher where like this, I don't know if the Caesar was literally A is one, B is two, but you can apply it to different, you know, numbers. And he knew that Caesar was the fourth emperor. So he substituted four letters down from each of the letters that followed and discovered a hidden message. Yeah. A website, in fact. Yeah, That was the thing. So one of the reasons why the Cicada 33 0 1 puzzles captured the attention of some really smart and capable people is because they were multilayered, like If.


you wanted to unlock one puzzle. You had to kind of go off over here and unlock a couple of other puzzles to unlock the key that you would take back to unlock the first puzzle. Essentially it was multi-layered, multi-step process. And this was no exception to it, that that that cipher that you had to decode from the first image took you to a, a website, I guess an imager image of a duck that just said only decoys over here. And so you would think you just went, were sent intentionally down a blind alley. No, there was another hidden message in there, even though it didn't say that there was one. And so people would decipher that. It turned out that there was an encoded book, and then you could also find a link to a subreddit.


and there were more passages from that book. And it turned out that book was a Welsh art theory and legend. And another Reddit post contained some Mayan numerals that you had to decode that became a key that you could use to analyze the Arthurian legend with. And you got another solution or another hint, I guess to use from that point on. And what it said when you used that, that that key to decode the Arthurian legend, it said, Hey, here's a phone number, give us a call. Yes. All this to say that some super smart, nerdy people we're doing some super smart nerdy stuff.


Yeah. Having a good time figuring this stuff out. And when they eventually got that phone number and called it, they got a message that said, very good. You have done well. There are three prime numbers associated with the original jpeg image. 33 0 1 is one of them. You will have to find the other two, then multiply all three of these numbers together and add a.com at the end to find the next step. Good luck. Goodbye. Yeah, and I, I didn't read the Rolling Stone profile, but another solver, I think he was profiled in a national poster or telegraph article. His name was Joel Erickson. He was from Sweden. I'm not sure how old he was at the time, but he figured out that probably the other prime numbers were the dimensions of that image.


509 pixels by 503 pixels. And it turned out he was right. So he multiplied all those, the took the answer, put a.com on the end, and it took him to a website that had a countdown clock and a picture of his cicada. So he knew he was at the right spot. He, he'd multiplied correctly and guess correctly. And when that clock finished counting down, the website updated, and there were a bunch of GPS coordinates that were posted all of a sudden. Yeah. And all of a sudden it said, find our symbol at the location nearest you. So all of a sudden this thing jumped from the, the internet out into the real world with real physical coordinates.


And it turned into kind of a scavenger hunt. There were 14 telephone poles all around the world, America, France, Japan, Poland, Russia, Spain, and other places. And all of a sudden, like you would, I mean, If, you could afford to and had the time, I guess you would go to the one closest to you find that telephone pole flyer. And that had a QR coded again with a picture of that cicada. And that led to another cicada image with another riddle. And this one contained some, some poetry. I think it was from cyberpunk writer, William William Gibson's poem Agrippa, that was from 1992.


And If, you applied the key that they originally came up with to that poem. It led to another puzzle. Right. That would eventually lead to a website. Wow. Yeah. The website was the end. And so there, that guy, Joel Erickson made it to the website. By the time he got there, it had been shut down for a couple of reasons. One, I think it was shut down a little under a month. And I guess they had posted on that website that they were disappointed that some people were collaborating and they said they wanted the best, not followers, so they stopped the game. But apparently in the meantime, they had, some people had solved it and gotten to this site because a month later on that Reddit subreddit that they'd been posting Arthurian legends and minding codes on, they said, we found the intelligent individuals we were looking for.


Right. So, but the fact that Joel Erickson made it to that site, that was it. Like he solved everything. He's considered a solver. He just got there too late because he heard about this after other people who, who started before him did. Yeah. Like Marcus Warner and Tech. Exactly. And Marcus Warner is one of the few people who's known to have made it past that site or gotten to that site within the timeframe, the allotted timeframe, and actually was in communication with the people who were behind Cicada 33 0 1. He still has no idea exactly what they were doing or what they wanted, but based on the interview that they subjected it to, and some of like the interactions he had with them, he guess that they are some sort of hacker collective that is very much interested in promoting internet privacy and internet freedom.


Yeah. It sounds like they may have been looking for code breakers because they gave him a, a private test of creating a decryption mechanism. Right. And he failed that, I guess, or wasn't able to do it. So they, you know, they got rid of him. but I, I had the impression he blew it off. Oh, really? I, I saw that he didn't, wasn't able to do it. Yeah. He just didn't deliver the goods. but I, for some reason, one of the readings i I had about him, it just made it sound like he was just like, he lost interest maybe. I don't know. Oh, interesting. So, to be clear, I believe what we just described was just that first puzzle. Right. And, you know, we, we don't have the time to get into the rest of the puzzles, I don't think.


I think the first two were solved. I don't think anyone ever solved the third really, before they, they permanently just removed every reference to it. I think about a month after that final puzzle was removed, they did post a message on four chan once again, that said, we have now found the individuals we sought sort of like that original message. Thus our month long journey ends, you are undoubtedly wondering what it is that we do. We are much like a think tank in that our primary focus is on researching and developing techniques to aid the ideas we advocate liberty, privacy, security. Yeah. And you could tell it was written by a computer person because there's like very little punctuation and lots of run-ons and all that.


So it seems legit. It checks out. So who is it, NSA or CIA or somebody? A lot of people say that, that it was an elaborate scheme to recruit, you know, cybersecurity people and hackers from like the, the dark reaches of the internet. Somebody said that doesn't really make sense because they posted on four chan and this was the era of Snowden. So they probably wouldn't have wanted people from four chan at the time. That's not true. Snowden leaked in 2013 and the first puzzle was 2012. So it's possible it was the government entirely possible, but there were some other aspects of the whole contest that suggest it might have been otherwise.


Although some of this seems to have been purposely deliberately misleading. Right? Like there was a poster named Wind from Michigan, and she was kind of joining in like these, this collaborations on different sites until somebody figured out that she seemed to deliberately be giving out misleading information. And then there was a, a claim on paste bin from a somebody who said that they were an ex cicada member. That they were a military officer from a non-English speaking country that had been recruited by a superior. And that he said Cicada is actually a left hand path religion disguised as a progressive scientific organization. And that it was comprised of very smart people who weren't happy with the way the world was going.


So they wanted to transform humanity into the Nietzsche and Uber minch. Oh, well, I did see stuff about religion. I saw some people posit that it was Julian Assange there. I mean, there's all kinds of fun theories out there on who it might have been. I, I think the one thing is pretty clear. It, I feel really, really strongly that it probably wasn't just some, like somebody having fun doing some cool scavenger hunt mystery puzzle thing on the internet. Like it seemed like it was probably some kind of legit recruitment. I agree. I but I think my money's on a hacker collective. Whether white hat or black hat, I don't know.


But a group of hackers, Does that mean good guys or bad guys? Yeah. I don't know all this terminology. Well, I mean, it's pretty straightforward. you know, you can guess you just did. All right, There you go. Did I pass the test? You did. You made it onto the next riddle. Why did you Just text, text me a wooden duck picture Then. That's right. Just decoys Here I say we take a break, And, we move on to the next mystery of the internet. How about that? Ooh, tension builds. Stuff, You, Should Know, Josh and Chuck. Woo. Stuff, You, Should Know.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah, well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Alright, so mystery number two, and I'm shocked, I've never heard of this one as a music guy. Had you ever heard Of it? Yes. I don't remember exactly where, but I'd never really researched it until we started researching this. So for all intents and purposes, not really. Okay. We're gonna be talking about what's become known as the most mysterious song in the internet. And this was a song that sometime between 82 and 84, a guy named Darius s recorded in Germany on the north coast, the coast of Germany, Josh, There's no such thing. They mean some sort of landlocked border I think. I think so.


Reference to old bearer by the way. But yeah, this guy did what all of us did in the early eighties as we would sit around and listen to the radio and record songs from the radio onto our cassette deck so we could take them on the road with us. And he was doing this, had a big mix tape of all these things from, you know, the people that you would expect to hear from in 1984, about 25 of 'em. He wasn't sure who the songs were. And it sounds like he figured out who all of those songs came from Save one. Yeah, I think so. I don't, I think that was the only one that, that he didn't ever figure out. He called those unknown ones, his Unknown Pleasures A Joy Division reference. Right. Because most of this music was post-Punk New Wave.


Yeah. And this song, this most mysterious song on the internet is no exception. It sounds like a Rolling Stone writer put it, it has a rigid beat and dry monotone vocals and sounds like a synth pop hit you would've heard in a dance club in the eighties. Which is true. Like all of that is true. But it also, it has like a, a strong guitar riff, like early joy division. It kind of has a little bit of that, but it's also more produced than that. And it, the vocals, the lyrics and the vocals are incomprehensible except in little snippets that you hear just enough that to me, the fact that you, you can't fully understand what the person's saying and it's so open to interpretation.


I think that's what starts to suck people in the most. Yeah, probably. So the only thing I'll disagree with about the Rolling Stone is that it sounded like a hit. I don't think the song's very good. Oh really? I find it, I, I wouldn't say good, but I find it definitely catchy. I mean it's okay and I have been walking around singing it, so it must be a little catchy. But compared to the music of that era, and this is just my dumb Sure opinion, I, I think it sounds like what I think it is, which was an a fairly amateurish Eastern block person recording a song. Okay. That sounded a little bit like, you know, the rest of the music of the era. So the thing is, I don't know if we've said ENT entire entirely yet.


No one on the planet seems to know what the song is, what the name of the song is, or who the artist is who created this, what the band is, or the solo artist, whoever. Not a single person on the planet. Yeah. And you might be like, well, you know, maybe you just haven't looked deep enough. Wrong. People have looked into the depths of 1980s Germany using all sorts of different tools to analyze the song digitally. I mean like people have really dug into this. And the other thing about it that makes it so impressive that it remains mysterious is that people have been searching for, who made this song since before 2010.


Let's tell him about that story, shall we? Yeah. You mentioned using, you know, modern tools. One of the, one of the mysteries from Darius was he was like, I guess in his German accent, which I'm not gonna try Good. He said, I'm not even sure, you know for sure that I taped it from this program on the in day RS station in Germany. Nice. The music for Young people program that he listened to, he's like, 'cause I recorded stuff from other stations and other programs. But they have since proven that proven that basically using spectrogram analysis, they, they actually pinpointed it and said no, there was a 10 kilohertz line that this station used as like a modulation scheme that isn't found on other stations.


And they found that that modulation line in that song. So it is like at least we know it was definitely from in day our s Right. So they figured that out. They also figured out that it was at least from 1984, because the NICs deck, is it techniques or techniques? I always said techniques, but who knows that may have been wrong. Okay. The tape deck made by techniques or techniques, you know, the brand that he was using to record off the radio wasn't made until 1984. That helps. And you might think, well, okay, it could be 9 19 85, 86, the song, the other songs that are on this tape, which are known as cassette four, were songs from Ecstasy, the Cure.


I could not for Life of Me find what songs they were, but everybody whole playlist Yeah. Seems to be satisfied that this, these ecstasy songs and cure songs and other songs that were played on that that, that were recorded on that same tape came out in 1984 or right before 1984. So the guess is that this, this was taped off of the radio between 1983 and 1984. Yeah. And you know what? There's people that have time on their hands and tech technological wherewithal that we don't have. I'm calling on somebody somewhere to find the, and make a playlist of cassette four and put it on your, whatever your favorite streamer is.


Yeah. I can't believe it's not out there Actually. I bet that's a banging playlist. I'll bet it is too. So back to the story, the, the, the initial story of where this all came from, Darius, his, he apparently was content with just putting a question mark next to the, the song or in the song's place on the track listing on the cassette. Yeah. But his sister was not satisfied with that. His sister Lydia, who just goes by Lydia h in this Rolling Stone interview, she always really wanted to know who made this song. I don't know if obsession's the right word, but it was certainly something that drove her to some extent. And as the internet kind of blossomed and grew, I think in starting in 2007, she started sharing it on the internet.


It to, there's a couple of sites that she put it, posted it on initially, one in Canadian site, another German site that are kind of, they crowdsource people to say, what, what song is this? And that was the start of baffling internet users with this song. Yeah. And, and that's where I would've expected an answer if there was one. It's on YouTube, you can listen to it. They, people on on YouTube and other places too have tried to decipher the lyrics as best they can. It seems pretty clear that it's probably a foreign or at least a, you know, a non-American speaker foreign to us. But, but people are pretty sure it's in English.


No, it's definitely in English. Okay. I mean, I think it's clearly in English. Great. Are people debating that? No, I don't think so. Okay. You can't get all the words, you can get a lot of 'em. Like the Wind is the title that a lot of people have put on it because the, you know, the very beginning of the song, it's like the Wind, But is it I? Don't even know if it's saying like the Wind. It almost sounds like something again. but I, I can't even tell that part. Yeah. So there's a bunch of names for the song, which the official generic name for it is TMS The Mysterious song or the most mysterious song on the internet.


But people call it Blind the Wind locked Away. Some people think that's what he's saying. No. Instead of like the Wind, I can hear it. It actually, as a matter of fact, and I can't remember what the line is, but there's other lines in there that make it sound like he is talking about being locked up. Oh wow. Check it in, check it out, take it in, take it out. Disco Woman. There's, there's a lot of different names for this song based on what people think this guy is saying because no one Yeah, yeah. Can say what the lyrics are. No one knows you can't do it. And the, it's beware there because there's madness that way. If, you really start paying attention and trying to figure out what the lyrics are.


Friend, you are going to end up with a new hobby you may or may not want. Yeah. They've gotten in touch with that original DJ who said, you know, I, I don't know what that song was. I I certainly don't remember playing it. No recollection of it whatsoever. This was a time obviously when Germany was split in half or maybe not technically half by the Cold War. And you know, the DJ DJs were like, you know, we would get like tapes thrown over the wall at us that we didn't even know what they were, but they were, they were just music that people wanted us to hear and play. Here's my theory. Okay.


Occam's razor man, it's a song that someone made and they died and no one knew they made it. I guess that is probably the, the, the simplest solution. Yes. It's just no one, no one knowing that that person made it. No one recognizing that person's voice. I mean this is widespread. Yeah. And it's possible. Just the right person hasn't heard it yet. I, I don't know. but I I kind of tend to agree with you. I think that's probably what happened. It was an, an obscure East German or eastern block musician who, who managed to get their tape out. And I mean that's not unprecedented. Tapes went both ways through the Iron Curtain during the Cold War.


There's a really great documentary called Chuck Norris versus Communism that came out in 2015 and it's about how people smuggling in American action movies into Romania. They think essentially led to the downfall of Nikolai Chesky and his regime because people kind of saw how life could be. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. Did Chuck Norris win? Yeah, he won because there's no more communism in Romania as far as I know. Do you know what would be great? I mean, I'm 53 years old, I'm in way into music and I've gone down some rabbit holes about music. I had never heard of this before this week. Like, you know, maybe the person who made it literally has never heard this whole mystery in in a year.


Someone's like, Hey, that was me. I know. I think that a lot of people would be really sad when and when that happened. Yeah. That just keep it to yourself buddy. If that's the case. Everyone likes a mystery a little bit more. So let's talk about a couple of, a couple more things that people have done for this investigation. I mean, you said spectro spectography spec, right? Am I saying that correctly? I dunno. Spectrograph. Yes. Spectro. Spectography. I think so. It sounds right. Geez. So in addition to that, people and in addition to getting in touch with Paul Baskerville, the DJ who host Woa that show in 1984, people have gotten in touch with the archivist at that radio station and gotten a full list of playlists for every single episode of that radio show.


This song does not turn up on it. Don't forget though, they've proven that it was played on this radio station. So they started looking at playlists for other radio shows. They've gotten a substantial number of them, still hasn't turned up on any playlist, anything that could be this song. And then someone else essentially pinned this song in between 1983 and 1984 because they believe that the synthesizer that was used was a specific type of Yamaha, a DX seven that was not available until 1983. Yeah. Isn't that nuts that people have done all this? That one's the most believable 'cause that's just how keyboard nerds are, but sure. Yeah. I just think that's super cool that people have just tried all of this different stuff and it still is just not budging.


It will not budge. Yeah. And again, if that guy's out there just, you know, let that be your own little secret and maybe that's the case. Maybe this person knows this and they just think this is awesome and this know who knows. Yeah. That's why it's a great mystery. His friends and family are like, why are you always tittering to yourself? It's so weird. Why are you talking about the wind? So If, you If, you haven't heard the song, it's worth going to check out. Just look up the most mysterious song on the internet and you will find it. For sure. Although I'll, you can also look up like the wind and mysterious and all that stuff and it'll turn it up. Yeah. And to be clear, I don't think it's like a bad song. I just think it, it's not like as it didn't become a big hit for a reason.


Yeah. I think hit is a little overly generous too. I'm with you. But you could still have heard it at like a eighties club on like B Wave night. For sure. Yeah, There were, there was plenty of worse music than this back then for Sure. But there was also a lot of really good music too. Like The wind locked away Disco girl. Okay, well I think we reached the end of the most mysterious song on the internet are second of our three mysteries of the internet. And we'll take a message break, we'll come back And. we will reveal the third after this Stuff You, Should Know, Josh and Stuff You Should Know.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities.


BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity. Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yep. Well now it is everybody on homes.com.


They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools and their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework, we're back.


And you know, dude, this could be a whole other show for us. Just three mysteries per week, 15 minutes a pop. You like that, huh? I don't know. It's kind of fun. Careful what you say. Do you have time on your hands like that? Oh no, no, no. I quit my other show for a reason. And you As well, we need to edit that part out man. And I don't want the wrong people to hear that and be like, Hey, that's a great idea. Alright, take it away my friend. Oh, Okay. Here we go. We're talking about what, in my opinion is one of the top three great mysteries of the internet. Yeah, I think I agree. The mystery of John Titer. I believe that's how it's pronounced. I've only ever seen it written down. I've never heard anybody say it out loud, but I've heard that name for a long time because this is a, a ancient internet mystery.


And as a matter of fact, it turns out it seems to predate essentially the internet, or at the very least it was, it finds its origin off the internet through fax machines and the radio no less. Yeah. And this is another one that a lot of people have gotten really into. Like I went on Reddit and was kind of looking at some stuff and it broke my brain such that I was like, all right, we're gonna, we're gonna do our best to give a little overview here. Yeah. I, I think something about the un the the most mysterious song on the internet, it seems far more wholesome and less right? Yeah. Dark for some reason getting sucked into the John Titer mystery. Seems like you, you could really just, just go crazy essentially.


Well the first one was either like, am I six or CIIA, this one is possible time traveler, right. And Civil War and the middle one was like a cool synth pop hit. Yeah. So let's just tell 'em a little bit about John Titer. Okay. John Titer is a internet based that no one's ever seen or spoken to him in real life poster who claimed to be a time traveler from the year 2036 in America, an America that had been racked, like you said, by Civil War that had gone on for a while but was ended by World War iii, which presumably that brought America together again. And that it seems like the American economy has completely collapsed and everybody's much more family and local community centered.


And he said that the average day in the life in 2036 outside Tampa, Florida where he's from is like a, a day on the farm. And you might be like, wow, this is pretty descriptive. That is the tip of the iceberg of the information that John Titer willingly gave out as a time traveler on the internet starting in 1997 or oh eight and then in 2000 again. Yeah. He, he said the US had been divided into five zones and that time travel had been invented, had it been invented two years previous in 2034. But let's back up to where this started. Okay. Because it all started in, like you said, pre-internet in a very kind of unlikely way, I think by somebody sending a couple of faxes to a radio show, art Bells Coast to Coast AM And this was read on the air and then a couple of years later posted basically the same thing online on the time Travel Institute site, which is a site that's been around since 97 dedicated to temporal sciences.


And the user's name was Time Travel Zero. So like we said, time traveler from the future and started saying things like, you know, there, there were six components to the time machine. There was an onboard or onboard cesium clocks, twin micro singularities, which are tiny, very tiny black holes that he traveled using a stationary mass temporal displacement unit powered by two topspin dual positive singularities producing a typical offset tipler sinusoid. And that was put in the back of a 66 Corvette.


Yeah. Very back to the future. That's The part that gets me very back to the future. The thing about John Titer and the posts that he posted are that this stuff, that this what sounds like gibberish is actually not at all made up. Yeah. For example, a a tipler sinusoid refers to a theoretical type of time travel that was proposed in the seventies by a physicist named Frank Tipler. And he essentially figured out mathematically that If you could take two huge masses, many times denser than the sun, say two black holes and pull them out spaghetti, fire them essentially, and then spin them really fast like billions of rotations a second.


You would, what you would do is essentially pull open space time and open essentially a portal to somewhere in the future, possibly somewhere in the past, possibly galaxies away from where you started. And again, this is hypothetical theoretical, but this is not something that the average person is walking around in their head like that the, the Tipler sinusoid exists. Oh sure. So I'm just impressed that, and that's just another example where If, you put all this stuff together and all of the how different and complimentary and very, in infrequently contradictory, the, the information that John Titer gave out was it's, I see how some people who believe that time travel's possible consider John titer an an actual time traveler.


Okay. I don't, but I could see how people do. It's just so convincing. Like the stuff he says is so convincing and he seems to have no agenda whatsoever. That's the other thing. I'm not so sure about that part. But he would go on to talk, you know, again, you know, he was a US soldier in Tampa living on a river, in a tree house and said that he was there on a, an official mission. He was supposed to, he was, you know, sent back in time by his, I guess the army or the US government. But he stopped off for a personal personal reasons in 2000 basically to get family pictures that were lost during the Civil War mementos to visit his family, that kind of thing.


Right. But the official mission that he was sent back for supposedly by the federal government, was to go back to Minnesota in 1975 to get an IBM 5,100, which was the first portable computer. And his grandfather supposedly worked on developing this thing and said that's why he was sent back to get this computer so they could debug legacy computer programs that they, you know, they were obsolete and they couldn't work with anymore 'cause they didn't have this old working computer. Right. And what the, so that's cool. That's an obscure computer. Again, most people aren't walking around with awareness that that IBM 5,100 ever existed.


But even more than that, John Titter said that the reason they wanted a 5,100 is because it had a specific unique component to it. It apparently could run other programs written for like those huge mainframes and that that was the reason they needed it in the future. And that IBM had actually like, kept this quiet. And it turns out that's true. The, I think the Rochester, Minnesota post bulletin got in touch with one of their local residents who worked on the IBM 5,100 in the mid seventies who confirmed like that's absolutely true. There was this little quirk that was peculiar to the 5,100 and IBM did not publicize this at all.


So it's just so bizarre that this person knew that and that may, that that was the reason that they were sent back into the, into the future. I mean, come on dude. Like think about how creative that is if the guy's just a hoaxster. Yeah. So he goes on to, and this is a very key thing, is he went on to say, by the way, the mini world's theory of physics is correct, which means that, you know, for every possible different outcome, the universe splits into different versions to accommodate those outcomes. He was like, that's all true. So the fact that I'm saying he didn't say this part, but the fact that he talks about the, the, the George W. Bush election sewing discord and there being an uprising and a civil war in the, in the two thousands, the fact that none of that happened, he said, that's just 'cause that I went back in time and changed the outcome.


So basically anything I say you can't prove wrong, That's one part of it. Yes. He, he was saying like, because his very presence would change it and that he came from a different time stream himself. The other implication of that is that he can't possibly create a paradox. Even going and visiting his family, and I I read his 3-year-old self in 2000 would not create a paradox because he comes from a different time stream did not exist in this time stream until he hopped over to it. So there's no paradox for him being there and meeting him himself as a younger kid. Right. Again, really genius details that, so I I I feel like I'm coming off like I'm trying to convince listeners to believe that this is real.


That's not the case. If, you do believe it's real great. I'm just so thoroughly impressed with the creativity behind every component and facet of what John Titter said. That it's just, I I'm just in awe a gog even you could say. So as this thing gained steam over the years, he finally eventually made a post in March, 2001 that said, this is, you know, the last post, I'm going back to 2036, smell You later. And he wrote this big long kind of fairly deep philosophical take on what he learned and what he saw.


And also the fact that he had, he had already been talking about the fact that like, by the way people in the future don't think you're too great and that you guys haven't been doing the right things and you kind of screwed everything up for the future. So he, he kinda writes this kind of nice long thing at the end, which was ended with Farewell John. you know, there's a lot of symbolism going on. Like I encourage people to read it in full 'cause it's pretty Cool. It is, it is very cool. But he basically says like, here's why I am leaving and why I won't be back or recommend anybody come back here either because you guys don't take care of one another. Like he talked about how people who with ink stranded on the side of the road with car trouble, people just drive past him, nobody stops.


And he asked his family that he was visiting why people don't stop and they were saying, it's too dangerous to stop and pick somebody up. You never know if they're gonna kill you and they need to learn the lesson about making sure you don't run outta gas in the first place. And he's just like aghast at this, at how people treat one another in the, in America in the early two thousands. And in that farewell thing, he said, make sure you keep a gas can with you for when your car dies on the side of the road. And I'm going back to this, this time and place where, you know, community and family is absolutely everything. A utopia If you will a Bit, but he didn't, he didn't talk it up like a utopia.


It sounded like it was probably you or I would consider it hard living, but to him it was vastly superior to the, the kind of lifestyle that we live pre-Civil war here in the United States in 2024. Yeah. So this is one that a lot of people have tried to solve over the years. I feel like it's been solved personally. Yeah. Probably signs, you know, there were, there were people that got on the web and started, I'm looking at metadata and like, what's it called when you can pinpoint where something came from. Oh, I can't think of it now.


Pinpointing No. Something deal with your computer and where it, where where it was posting from anyway, I can't remember feeding. Yeah, but there's another word for it. I don't know. This is, people are just yelling at me. But long story short, both the metadata and this method of pinpointing that a website called Hoax Hunter conducted this investigation pointed to this area of Florida in both cases. So that really narrowed it down. And then I believe they also found a registration to like a A an LLC or a company with the word tighter in it that all it had was a PO box from that same area of Florida.


And so they basically think that it is, there are three brothers, the Haber brothers for my money. It's Larry or his younger brother John, and not the older, I think older brother Maury Haber. Yeah. So Larry Haber exists. Maury Haber exists. I've seen that John Haber does not exist. But the Habers do seem, they certainly have something to do with this because like you said, they run the John Titter Foundation and Larry Haber claims to be the rep, the legal representative of Kay Titter, John t's mother. She doesn't seem to exist either. And it's possible the whole thing was just a hoax carried out by these guys.


Totally possible. But what's interesting is I turned up another article that interviews in part a guy named Joseph Metheny who's a multimedia artist who said we were the ones who started this whole thing by sending those faxes to Art Bell And. we stopped after that and apparently some coast to coast fans took up the mantle and carried it on from there a couple years later. So two groups that weren't communicating or working with one another were inadvertently collaborating or one was collaborating with the other later on to create this whole hoax that was the John Titer mystery. Now where did you see that the youngest brother didn't exist?


Well, I know that Larry Haber, I believe it was Larry who said, I don't have a brother John. And I think I saw somewhere else that, that John is not real. That there's not a John to Haber. Interesting. 'cause I saw stuff quotes from John. But like I think it's one of those things where you can't trust anything you're reading at this point. Exactly. A hundred percent. Because again, Larry Haber is saying that he represents Kay Titer and Kay Titer doesn't seem to exist. Like there's a lot of people, again, people have not met these people there. Everything has been on the internet. So it's, there's no telling who is involved or who isn't involved, who's real, who's not real.


It's fascinating in that regard. So there's multi-layers to what makes this whole mystery just so great. Yeah, well I mean they're on the internet. Those, those two guy, I mean at least the two guys are. Yeah. And like one of them is a very well to do business person. I don't know, it's very interesting. Yeah, the Habers definitely exist. Larry and Morrie and possibly John. but I saw he doesn't. Right, I understand. Okay. No, I was wrapping it up for everybody else. I know, you know. Gotcha. I think that's it, right Chuck? I got nothing else. I mean, but a, a deep sense of unfulfilled, you know, podcast duty Ddo.


Right. I'm with you on that since Chuck said doom. Of course that means he's just unlocked listener mail. I'm gonna call this tomato fun fact from Brian Kriebel. Or maybe it's Kribel in Germany it would be Kriebel, but who knows. Hey guys, in the salsa episode you mentioned that when Europeans first encountered tomatoes, they thought they were deadly because they're a member of the nightshade family. I forget where I learned this, but this idea was initially fueled because some of them were actually killed by eating tomatoes. However, it was not the tomatoes that killed them. They were eating them off lead plates and the acid from the tomatoes dissolved some of the lead, geez. Which was then consumed along with the tomatoes, thus killing some.


This is what led to the belief that tomatoes were poisonous and persisted throughout Europe for a little while. One little bit of hubris for a group that thought they knew everything there was to know and that they were a step above the indigenous communities burn. Who was that from? That was from Brian. Brian. That's awesome. Thank you very much. I've definitely never heard that one. So thanks for filling that out for us. And If, you wanna fill something out for us like Brian did? You can send it via email too. Wrap it up, spank it on the bottom and send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of clothes sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com we've done your homework.