
Dell Technologies is celebrating with anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save on select next gen PCs, like the XPS 16, powered by Intel core ultra processors and more. Plus, curate your dream setup with great deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online at dell.com/deals, you'll have access to leading edge technology to match your forward-thinking spirit and free shipping on everything. Again, that's dell.com/deals.


You know, some people say that O do business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say, oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, o doo.com.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. And welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too for the present moment. And this is Stuff You Should Know. That's right. Another listener request. These are just kind of pouring in now, or rather we're leaning on the more than we have before, I guess, because they're great ideas. But this one came also from the live show in Atlanta. Yeah. And do you remember this guy? Do you remember his name? Yes, I do. It was Thomas because it, this episode is Tugboats for Thomas.


Tugboats for Thomas. And Thomas I, I believe, works on Tugboats, suggested it. And this is turned out to be just a bread and butter Stuff. You Should Know episode. Yeah. I remember when he was at the mic asking the question and making the suggestion. He kept moving around 'cause he still had his sea legs. He's bumping into people. They're like, dude. So yeah. Hopefully we'll do Thomas proud because we know a little bit about Tugboats now after researching them for a little while. Big shout out to our friend Dave Ruse for helping us with this. You could do worse than going to check out Rouse's podcast Bible time machine. And that has nothing to do with Tugboats, but let's talk about that. That's right.


'cause we're gonna, we're gonna sing the unsung like we like to do on the show because no one ever thinks about Tugboats. You see 'em all the time. If you live near harbor or vacation or visit cities that have harbors, you see those Tugboats and those big ships and barges get all the, all the sexy headlines. But those Tugboats are doing the yeoman's work as why they called them nautical laborers early in their, I guess, mission when they first started coming online on sea. Yeah. So we'll get to that in a minute about the history of Tugboats. 'cause it actually goes back way further than you would think. Or not as far as you'd think, depending on what you're thinking.


Yeah. But 1320, Nope, not that far. Oh, 2020. But one of the things that Tugboats are, that makes them like the workhorses of the sea, as you could put it, is that they have really impressive power to tonnage ratios. Yeah. So the size of the tugboat, the actual weight the tugboat weighs compared to the amount of power output its engines can create, usually in horsepower, is really lopsided. So that the, these fairly comparatively light boats compared to like the horsepower they create can pull, pull, pull. And they can push, push, push.


And they can do all sorts of amazing stuff, which is why they can move these enormous, huge oil tankers and shipping tanker or shipping container ships with just the, the mighty might of their little hearts. You'd think I, I would've practiced something like that because it would've been way better. Yeah. I mean, not to undersell Tugboats. They are dealing with things that are floating in water, which helps. Okay. But these are big, massive things flowing in, floating in water. Like you could get in a, in a lake, my friend, and you could, you could pull a rope attached to a, a pontoon boat.


What, and you could pull that thing around a little bit. You could swim that thing around a little bit because it's floating in water. But What universe do you live in? That May be where you max out. You are the tugboat of the lake, Josh, If you can do that to a pontoon boat, because these Tugboats are little compared to these huge barges that are floating around. Does that, is that making any sense at all? It's making too much sense. I've, I've never considered myself the tugboat of the lake. Can I be doing this with my teeth? Can I be holding the rope with my teeth? 'cause that'd be much Cooler. That's up to you. Okay. That'd be better. Swimming with two arms. We'll Go do some, some third league trials for it and figure out the most, the one right way to, to pull a pontoon in a lake.


We, we should tell 'em what bollard pull is too. Because that's the other big sort of measurement when it comes to tugging and pushing a bollard, first of all is the, that big sort of chunky thing on a dock that you'll tie a boat to the, the big daddies and bollard pool is the total amount of towing force generated by a tugboat. And they measure that in kilo newtons. They do. And I've seen that often converted to tons. And it's the same thing. The more kilo newtons you have, or the more tons you have, the more pulling power, towing power, pushing power that tugboat has. So this, there's this one boat that, that Dave found called the island victory.


At least one article called the Most amazing powerful Boat in the World. I saw other articles that named some other shipping container vessel. But this, this tugboat say it's probably the most powerful tugboat around the island. Victory has a, a Ballard pole of 400 or 4,680 kilonewtons, which converts to 477 tons. A typical harbor tug, which is nothing to sneeze at, has a bollard pole between 500 and 600 kilonewtons, 600 kilonewtons converts to 61 tons. Yeah. So this is an enormously powerful boat.


And that's the whole point. They're not fast, they aren't pretty, they're cute in a really weird way. Yeah. But they can generate so much power that they can push a, a shipping container vessel around. More importantly, If you have a really high bollard pole, the reason that this is, this rating is even there, is to find out which tug you can con connect to which vessel. Yeah. Because if a vessel's starting to go in the wrong direction, and it's about to crash into, say, a bridge, the tugboat has to be able to go from zero, not moving at all in the water to pulling that boat in the opposite direction away from that bridge in a, a moment's notice.


And it has to have that much power. And they do, they do. I think there are very attractive boats. You can tell a tug boat because it has, you know, they're built to tug and push. So they have a very wide beam, which is the, the widest point of the boat. They sit very low in the water, which is called a, a deep draft. And, you know, they're, they're little short, stubby wide guys that sit really low. I think they're adorable and cool looking. They're very, very stable. They're not tippy at all when you, you know, they're bumping against other things. They're pushing other things. And so they have to be just super stable and also love that they have beards that front bumper or a, or a bow fender.


They call it a beard in that lingo. And I think that's pretty great. Yeah. That's, it's just what they use, like you said, to when they purposely or accidentally bump up against a, a larger ship. You can't just have the tugboat like crack up. So you have a, a fender, they're Built to bump. They are built to bump. And some Tugboats aren't necessarily built with a beard. They'll, they'll have tires strung along the side to use as a bumper as well. Yeah. I think those are additional. I think the front always has a built-in beard. Okay, Fine. So one other thing that you're gonna find about Tugboats that we'll talk about more in depth later is that they're extremely nimble, they're agile, they can move in a different direction very quickly.


And that, that is a really important thing too. Because one of the big jobs that the tugboat plays in say like a shipping lane at like a port, is to help ships avoid other ships coming in or out. So they have to be able to move, not just pull a ship very easily, but they have to be able to move quickly and move that ship out of the way of say, like another ship. Yeah, exactly. And I say we take an earlier break. Oh my gosh. Because we're at a great spot to break here before we talk about the history of these things. You wanna do that? Let's Break it. All right, let's break on three. This is, this is


You're a details person. Checking reviews, reading nutritional info, even terms and conditions. So when donating check out GiveWell an independent resource offering rigorous, transparent research on top of giving opportunities. Their recent analysis of cash transfers in Africa includes over 300 footnotes. Perfect for meticulous readers. For 17 years, GiveWell has researched charities directing funding to the highest impact options. Over 125,000 donors have used GiveWell to contribute more than $2 billion. Saving an estimated 200,000 lives Give Well's research is free, helping donors make informed decisions. Donations to recommended funds are tax deductible and GiveWell takes no cut. If you've never used GiveWell to donate, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last to claim your match. Go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter Stuff You Should Know at checkout. Make sure they know that you heard about Give well from Stuff You Should Know to get your donation matched. Again, that's Give well.org to donate or find out more.


Who doesn't love Reese's Peanut Butter Cups? Answer? Nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right. Well, after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious, you know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it. Or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup now at a store near you found wherever Candy is sold.


Why did the godfather of AI warn that the very thing he helped create now has a 10 to 20% chance of leading to human extinction in the next three decades? And what did he learn from losing his wife to cancer about how to approach the future of ai? I'm Oz Lawson, host of tech stuff and I'm so excited to share this memorable and intimate conversation with Nobel laureate, Jeffrey Hinton. Listen to tech stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, I promise. Talk of history and here we go. Because If you wanted to invent a tugboat, the 18th and 19th centuries was a pretty good time to do it because we were using sailing ships at the time for, for transporting people and goods and all kinds of things. Sure. And those things are gorgeous, beautiful on the water. They sailed great out on the high seas, but they did not do well, especially because they were just sailing ships when they got around land in small tight spaces. Right. So they would, you know, you've seen it in movies. They would dock or not dock, but they would anchor, you know, couple of hundred feet from shore Yeah. And then start shuttling people and stuff in little tiny boats.


'cause that's about as close as they could safely get. And that's not efficient. Taylor would be rolling over in his grave. That's right. There's another problem too, even for a ship that could, it was nimble enough to kind of navigate its way into port, say like the mouth of a river in a harbor or something. Right. Once it got in there, it had to wait for the wind to whip up again to set sail once more. And this was not something that happened every hour on the hour or even twice a day. Like the tide. Some sometimes you would have to wait for days or weeks for the right wind to come up that you could catch and, and ship back out to sea again. Also not at all efficient. So there was like a real need for Tugboats to be invented.


But what's nuts is Tugboats were invented and then ignored for decades. And then finally the guy who invented them, who was just totally made fun of as we'll see for inventing Tugboats was vindicated, but I think he was dead already. Yeah. I think he was his, he was from England, 18th century inventor. His name No lie was Jonathan Halls. That's Nuts. It is pretty nuts. And he, he, he thought it was like a helper vessel is what he called it. It was powered by a steam engine and, but we was talking about was Tugboats. It could tow a sailboat in and out of port. This was in 1737 when he filed for a patent. It was called a description and draft of a new invented machine for carrying vessels or ships out of or into any harbor port or river against the wind in Tide or in a calm.


Yeah. And it was totally genius. 30 years before James Watt's steam engine hit the scene. Yeah. And everyone was like, what a dumb idea. Yeah. Not only that, the people in his hometown of Glau Chester, they wrote a song about him. They wrote a song, they wrote like they thought this guy was so terrible and just such a lousy inventor that there was a, a song IG I'm guessing people would sing in pubs Yeah. About him specifically his names in the song it, when Jonathan Holes with his patent skulls invented a machine to go against wind and stream, but he being an ass couldn't bring it to pass.


And so was shame to be seen. You're not gonna say, imagine sitting there nursing like your mead while everybody around you is singing that song about you. You're not gonna try whip, whip up a melody. Oh, oh. Jonathan Holes with his patents. Skulls invented a machine to go against the wind and stream. You should finish Okay. But Ye being An ass couldn't bring it to pass. And so was ashamed to be seen. Wow. You you went with the Gilbert and Sullivan version very enough. I guess. So all I know is we're getting kicked outta this pub any second now.


For sure. They're like, get outta Glau Chester. Yeah. Oh God. To stop it. We're gonna get so much for that. So yeah, holes was definitely ahead of his time, but it would be 60 years before. Yeah. The first steam power Tugboats, his invention were actually put into good use and they were deployed in Scotland. Oh yeah. Yeah. And as we'll see actually Scotland was where the tugboat got its name at the time. I'm not sure what they call them. Maybe still helper vessels, I don't know. But one of the first things they did was to start pulling cargo along canals. Because at the time, If you wanted to move cargo easily over land, you did it over water that was cut into land and you would do it with a donkey pulling your, your cargo along the shore.


The donkey was walking on the shore with the line going from the donkey to a little barge that was being pulled down a water filled canal. That was the state of the art at the time. Yeah. Have you ever walked along an old riverway that has those built up banks for that purpose? Yeah. Toledo has something called the Canal experience or Historic Canal experience. There's some canals running through part of the town from the early 19th century that you can walk along and you're like, wow, this is an old donkey path. Huh. Yeah. I had my experience doing that in Akron. So that maybe in Ohio thing, I believe the waterway through Sand Run is where that was and it was the same deal.


And em and Emily or her mom or somebody, you know, 'cause you're up higher and you know, it's an obvious path and they're like, yeah, this, this is where the, the donkeys and pack horses would pull these things. Yeah. Pretty neat. Oh, it's a donkey. There was a, a paddle steamer named Charlotte Dundas. That was the first tugboat in Operation Towing for the very first trip. I think two fully loaded sloops, 18 miles along the fourth and Clyde Canal at Glasgow at scorching. Two miles per hour. Yeah. But still like it was working. That was the key. That's all that mattered. Yeah. They had all the time in the world. Right.


And you can bet that every donkey in Scotland was like, whew. Yeah. Thank God they invented these things. Right. Yeah, probably. So there was also, as we talked about, one of the big problems with sailboats as shipping vessels was that they had trouble getting in and out of harbors. They had trouble navigating, they had to wait for the wind. So very quickly, it seemed kind of obvious that you could, If you could get one of these boats into port, into harbor, which you could use a tugboat for, you could also pull it up river. It wouldn't have to navigate any longer because you could just pull it by a helper vessel into some of the, the cities that were not located on the coast, but they were located on a river.


One example I can think of is London and the Thas. That's right. 40 miles inland. So that was a, a huge boon for London at the time. There was a steamship called the Majestic that worked with the East India company, towing things back and forth up the Timms and Liverpool had one as well. So they were, they were getting in on the game there in the uk. They were so, like I said, it was in Scotland that Tugboats got their name back in 1817 in Dunbarton. I think I'm saying that right. Okay. Oh, well how would you say it? I would say Dunbarton, but I don't, I don't know. I'm just guessing. No, it's Gotta be Dumbarton.


Okay. Okay. Well we'll go with one of those two. How about that? Sure. Somebody built a, a steamship, a tug boat that they named tug. They weren't called Tugboats until this time. And I guess that name stuck because it also makes sense practically, you're tugging a boat behind you. So that from henceforth on, they were known as Tugboats. Yeah. And you know, earlier I was saying that they said, oh, this idea is so dumb. I don't know if it was that it was so dumb, but steam power and stuff that came along a little bit later. Like they didn't have steam engines at the time, so they wouldn't have even known it was dangerous. But when they did come online, why do I keep saying that?


I don't think it fits Right. It's a little anachronistic. I think so. But online doesn't mean just on the internet. Online just means like beginning to function, right. As a thing. Yeah. Remember that Simpson's where Lenny goes little kid Lenny's like, oh, he just logged onto my internet. 'cause he pooped his pants out of, he pooped his bathing suit with the little internetting. So he said he logged onto internet. Oh, that's so good. That's a good line. Oh boy, Lenny. Anyway, it's locked onto my Internet.


Where was that? Oh yeah. Steam engines were dangerous. They, they would blow up a lot. There was, you know, when Tugboats first started using, you know, coming online using that steam, they were like, I don't know. I mean, is it, is it better to have a, this thing that might blow up a port? Right. And then the owners were like, well, we don't go on these boats, we just own 'em. So, sure. I mean, that's fine. It could, they can blow up. But yes, they were viewed skeptically, I think. Right. Yeah. Like it was, it was not just a, a done deal that these things were like gonna save the industry or shipping. Yeah. But there was a proving ground. What ended up being a proving ground and the Tine River that connected Newcastle to the North Sea, it, it was a, they were facing a problem, right?


They had these barges that were, they were called Colliers and they were sailboats, but they were coal movers. 'cause New Castle was a huge coal producer. And these Colliers could do a lot of damage because they were, they, they were hard to navigate. They had all the same problems that any sailing vessel had. So there was a guy named Joseph Price who in 1818 was like, I think I've got a solution to this. I'm gonna buy some of these steam ships that they're now being called Tugboats and I'm going to have them pull these Colliers, these coal ships up and down the tying and I think it's gonna revolutionize shipping. And Joseph Price was right on the money.


The, the price was right. Oh man. You almost had it right outta the gate. So now you could get 400 ton ships. 'cause you know, I don't know if we mentioned they were loading like railroad cars onto these things for the first time. So it was very, very heavy stuff. They could go to Newcastle for the first time. All of a sudden people in more distant places could get coal. Coal. So it wasn't just like, hey, it made, you know, make things cheaper and more efficient. It like, it was literally changing like lives all over the world. Right. And these new towns that were getting cold for the first time were able to give up having to burn dried donkey poop that they scraped up off the donkey trails along the canals.


Oh man. It was huge for them. Totally. So yeah, Joseph Price, price proved to the world. Like, no, these things are extraordinarily valuable. So much so that they're going to completely change shipping from this point on. And they definitely have. And they're still just as useful as ever. And they, they made a name for themselves so much that the, when the Royal Navy purchased their first steamships of any kind, they were Tugboats. Yeah. The comet and the monkey. Comet and monkey. And I can't decide whether it's a band name or a cartoon name, Comment and monkey. That'd be a fun cartoon. I'd watch That. Or drug I'd also take that Comment monkey.


Just kidding. So yeah, they they definitely proved they're worth pretty early on. I mean, this is 1818 and the first ones were used shortly before that. Right? Yeah. And these were paddle boats by the way, up until the late 19th century. If you're picturing like your little friendly tugboat in your mind as we talk about all these stories, erase that. And now picture a tugboat with two paddles on both sides. It wasn't like the big paddle in the back, like the sort of fun things you ride around on it. Stone Mountain Park here in Georgia. Sure. They were, That's where, that's where they're most famous. They were battle wheels on both sides, which seems a little wider and more cumbersome. But that really, really, really made them much more maneuverable and able to, to steer in tighter places.


Yeah. And to steer in two different directions. Like a Right. I got one of those zero turn lawnmowers. You, you put those things in two different directions and you're just spinning like a top. It's the exact same thing because those two paddle wheels were able to be moved independent of one another. And once you can do that, yes. You just start doing donuts to show off in the harbor, you know? Yeah. So the, the 19th century came and went and those paddle wheel tugs were replaced with screw propellers, which is another term for a propeller like you see on a ship. Like that's, that's just called a screw propeller. So like any ship, they were propelled by propellers and then diesel engines came along and that's when everything really kind of changed.


Because when you have a diesel engine, you can get some amazing horsepower out of it. Way more than steam. It's also less dangerous. I think we talked about all this in our Rudolph diesel episode and that's when the Tugboats became started to become the, the Tugboats that we think of today. That's right. Shall we take our second break? You bet. All right. We took an early one. So we're gonna take this one and we're gonna come back and talk a little bit about, well Tugboats right after this.


This is s the purpose of this is the death purpose of Who doesn't love Reese's Peanut Butter Cups answer. Nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right. Well, after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious, you know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it. Or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup now at a store near you found wherever Candy is sold.


Why did the godfather of AI warn that the very thing he helped create now has a 10 to 20% chance of leading to human extinction in the next three decades? And what did he learn from losing his wife to cancer about how to approach the future of ai? I'm Oz Lawson, host of tech stuff and I'm so excited to share this memorable and intimate conversation with Nobel Laureate, Jeffrey Hinton. Listen to tech stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So you've mentioned tugboat strike, right? I didn't. Oh well there's a tugboat strike we have to talk about that really kind of demonstrates how, how important Tugboats made themselves over the years. In New York Harbor in 1946, every single tugboat operator, there were 300 of them in the harbor at the time. They all went on strike. And this was it. Very quickly it became evident how essential Tugboats were for everything in New York because there was coal coming from Lake Erie through the Erie Canal to the Hudson, down to the harbor. And it would be spread all throughout Manhattan and all throughout New York food shipments came in by barge garbage went out by barge.


Oh yeah. New York operated on barges. And if you're using barges, you need a tugboat to tow or push those barges. So when the tugboat stopped working, New York stopped working and within 12 days the tugboat operators got their demands fulfilled, which turns out to have just been nicer hats from what I read. Yeah. They rationed Food. They, they literally shut the lights down on Broadway. It was their, their backup plan of just, you know, using smaller boats to to ferry stuff in and out. They were just like, Manhattan is far too big for this already. Right. And the tugboat operators, I guess, I mean, what a, what a moment to sit back and just sort of like float say Yeah.


Now Yeah. Gloat a little bit. Now, now who is important little, the, the tugboat driver. Thomas. One day we'll be in Atlanta so we could get the word out about Tugboats and New York Harbor was a great place to sort of make that point because you know, If you didn't have Tugboats then those containers with all those goods and services are essentially Useless. Right. I said float by the way, but gloat works even better. Oh, you said float? Yeah, They were gloating while they were floating. Oh, Okay. So there were some things that changed stuff you would not at all connect to why Tugboats became less vital over the years.


Still incredibly important And you can make a case that that world shipping would essentially just stop if Tugboats stopped. So they're really important, but just not in exactly the same ways as they were before. 'cause we started getting our energy over things like pipelines. We started using things that weren't coal trucking and shipping containers became a much bigger thing than say barges over the years. So with each of those things, the tugboat became less and less able to, to, to do what it did in 1946. And yet it's still so vital that you just can't do anything without 'em.


Yeah, for sure. You know, they've got, they've got electric tugs now. I saw that. There's one called the Ewo, right? Yeah. It's a good looking tug. I mean it's interesting. I never really thought about electric boats, but that's becoming more and more of a thing, which is kind of awesome. It is awesome. And let's talk about why. Here's why Chuck, remember we said that these things generate crazy amounts of horsepower. Yes. Some harbor tugs or oceangoing tugs generate 27,000 plus horsepower. Yeah. It's like having 27,000 horses just running at the back of this thing, like kicking their legs all at once.


Right? Yeah. And to do that you use a lot of fuel, a ton of diesel fuel. Some of these boats can carry way more than they need in a day, like 30,000 gallons of diesel. Wow. But I saw that the average harbor tug, which is working almost constantly, will use about 3000 gallons of diesel fuel a day, man. And that is a lot of fuel to use. Right. So it's using this non-renewable resource, it's also putting out crazy amounts of diesel emissions. Yeah. And that's just one tugboat using 3000 gallons of diesel a day. Yeah. The reason also, I was like, why do they carry so much more than they need?


Because doesn't that make the tugboat heavier and therefore you have to use more fuel to get more horsepower out of it. And the reason that I came up with that I found was that time is of such value in a harbor, at a port that it's more costly to stop what you're doing and go refuel than it is to carry around all that extra fuel. They have those capacities so that they have, they take way longer in between refuelings. That's the point. Yeah. Makes sense. That's how that makes sense. Crazy important. Time is in ports. Yeah, I get it. You know, especially in a place like New York Harbor.


Very busy. Very busy. So you talked about's, That's the motto over the entrance. Go down to the dock. It says that. Yeah. What also you need to be as maneuverable because it's very busy, very busy. And you mentioned that a little bit earlier on, that they need to be able to move really in any direction very accurately and, and as quickly as possible. And the azimuth, thruster was a big change in that because that is a, imagine a propeller inside a housing sort of like a, you know, sort of like a, an EAN or something like that. And it can just turn That's exactly what it looks like. I don't know. It It does, I'd never thought that.


But it can, it can turn 360 degrees so it's not a fixed propeller and a rudder for steering. And it's not even a non-fixed propeller that can move left and right as a propeller that can spin in any direction. Which means you got one of those little joystick controllers Right. As a tugboat pilot. And you can inch that thing in the most minute little ways with just a flick of the stick. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? Pretty Cool. I also read about something called a tractor tug, which is, has basically two outboard motors, like those two side paddle wheels. And so you can move them independently and they have a lot of power too.


Just not as much as the azimuth I think, but they, they're controlled by two joysticks. So it's, it's hard enough. Just think about using one, imagine using two to move a tugboat around like a huge ship that you're trying not to knock into other ships. It's just, I can't, that's gotta be one of the more stressful jobs around piling a, a tugboat. Right? I bet. Well, we'll have, have, we'll ask Thomas ask. Yeah, We did mention a lot. I mean we've talked a lot about moving boats around. That's obviously what you think of when you think of a tugboat. But they do a bunch of other stuff too. Salvage operations s and r or sar or search and rescue ops that we've talked a lot about on the show.


If there's ever a, you know, if there's a, a busy canal that's blocked or something, or a ship that is gone offline, see that, that is gumming up the works. You're gonna send a tugboat in there to get those things out of there. So We Yeah, we talked about that. The ship that ever given, which blocked the Suez canal for I think weeks, which is a huge dent in global shipping. Right. Yeah, we talked about that in detail. And I could not for the life of me remember what episode that was in. Do you, Was it in, did we do one on the Suez Canal or just the No, I looked, if we did, we didn't name it that. Which canal did we do? What episode on? I don't remember doing any Canal episode.


Oh, we did something on canals, right? I Don't think so. That seems very familiar to me. I think we just earlier talking about donkey paths and stuff. Did our canal episode. Hmm. Wait, wait, wait. I guess that's possible. We might've done one on that included, like the Panama Canal and maybe Yes, I'll bet it was in the Panama Canal episode. I think we did that one. Yeah, we did Panama Canal. Okay. There you go. And love canal. We did a little different, but yeah. Also, by the way, the Navy just unveiled a whole new group of search and rescue ships. They're, they're called Navajo class Tugboats and they're pretty cool looking. All right. What else? Firefighting Tugboats, of course.


Yeah, they're called fifis. It's cute. E either Fifi or Fifi. I've only seen it spelled out. I bet it's Fifi fi phi would be weird. Yeah. Fifi's not weird in the, the, the C Would go of The C It's, well, I don't know, captain, I, I don't have my sea legs, but Fifi is at least a cutesy name. Fifi is nothing. Let's try this out. Arg, look at that. Fifi. Arg. Look at that. Fifi. I think Fifi wins the day. Okay. Right. So What else? Ice icebreakers, and I don't mean at at office parties either, Right?


A tugboat just goes in between two people struggling to find something to talk about and now all of a sudden they can talk about the tugboat that just went in between. Yeah. He goes up to and says, If you could invite anyone from history to dinner, who would it be? I hate those questions so much. It's the worst. There's also anchor handling. There's actually special Tugboats called anchor handling tugs appropriately enough. Yeah. And the anchors they're talking about are oil platform tankers. And these are ocean going tugs, the ones that carry a hundred thousand gallons of diesel fuel because they're out to sea for indefinite periods of time. And the anchors that they're pulling around are massive.


I I, they're like keeping oil rigs in out in the open ocean from floating away. So obviously they're really big anchors, but it's hard to get across how big they are unless you go look up photos of them, try to find a photo of a human being standing or working near an oil rig anchor and it'll really kind of drive home what these Tugboats are pulling around makes it even more impressive. All right. I'm gonna look that up and tell you what I think before the end of the episode. Okay. Good line handling too. Like these toe ropes, if they're like, Hey, we need to get this tow rope out to that, that ship, you don't just throw it on a guy's shoulder like these ropes, like those anchors are the most massive thing ropes you've ever seen in your life.


Yeah. And so there's Thomas saying, just throw it on guys. I got it. I'll take it out there. Yeah. I was reading a LA Times article about, remember the, the shipping shut down, the con cargo container backup in LA in Long Beach that at the pandemic. Oh yeah. That just killed everything. The writer went out on a tugboat and he was just kind of chronicling like a mourning in, in the life of this tugboat. And they were talking about how recently some two deckhand one had been injured and one had been killed by a line tightening and pressing them up against the side of the tugboat. So Oh, like jaws? Yeah, exactly. But killed them. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a, i I mean you can just imagine like this is a three inch thick rope that just suddenly is, you know, thousands of killer Newtons pressing you against a, a metal, a big piece of metal, which is the inside of the ship.


That's not a scary, it's not the place that you wanna be. So it is being a deckhand, which is one of the jobs on the tugboat is very dangerous. And as we'll see kind of the job you wanna work your way up out of, I think. Yeah. You've also got engineers who, you know, they take care of those engines. They take care of all the getting things online, mechanical systems, electrical systems. You have your mate your second in command and secondary pilot, and then you got that captain and the primary pilot that's running that ship. If you work in, let's just pick out New York City. 'cause people think about tug boats a lot.


They're in New York Harbor. Do you work? Do they? Yeah, everyone does. Okay. I took a poll. Okay. They work two week shifts, two weeks on, two weeks off. You live on that boat full time. And then on those days that you work, you work two, six hour shifts, six hours working six hours off, six hours working six hours off. And that is, I'm, I'm, I'm sure Thomas would, would verify that this is tough hard work. That that is too short. I mean, you're like, oh, six hour shift, that's not bad. But then you have to eat and sleep in the next six hours. That's, yeah. I, I don't know why they do it like that. It seems like you would wear your crew out really fast with that schedule.


Would you have them work 12 hours straight and then 12 hours off? No, I think even eight hours. That extra two hours to unwind and eat and then get six hours sleep is okay. Adequate. 'cause I mean, seriously, you think about it, you're like, you're not doing six hours off and then you just fall over and sleep where you were just standing while you were working. Now that you're off the clock, you're gonna like unwind. You gotta eat, you're gonna just do whatever shave shower, and then you're gonna get, what, three and a half, four hours sleep if you're lucky. Maybe five. I think that's a little whack as they Say. Yeah, it's whack. But I think it's one of those things with shift work, like you get used to sleeping all day and working at night. Those people probably get used to sleeping in two, four hour sets.


Yeah. You Know, and I'm sure they're significant. It's like, oh, you're awake again, huh? Yeah. But then they're at home for two weeks straight. That's what I mean. Geez. Can you get back to work? I, I don't know man. It's a hard life. I'm sure Thomas can tell us. Oh yeah, for sure. There are push boats. These are pretty fun. Push tug. That's a towboat that has a squared off front at the bow and these padded beams called push knees. And you basically push those knees against the stern and you, you even lash it together sometimes and that you're just pushing, pushing something around. Yeah, that one's fine.


But I like the articulated tug barge or a TB, the sexiest link. It's an, it's an improved version of this. Right? So the barge and the tugboat have like a, a notch and a corresponding like pointy part. You put 'em together and put a pin through the two and now you've got like one single machine, but the tugboat can still maneuver like fish tail and move that barge in all sorts of crazy hard angles. Right. And I was like, why don't you just mechanize or motorize the barge? And apparently they use this mostly for oil tank oil shipping and you just get more oil out of it. And the barges are cheaper because they don't have any self propulsion.


So it's kind of like a shipping container in a truck. Like the tractor is different than the trailer. And so you can hook all sorts of different trailers up to the same tractor time and time again rather than just, you know, having to pilot that, that trailer all the time. It made more sense to me when I was researching it than it is now that I'm explaining it. Well, it does sort of lend itself to the question of like, why don't these huge barges have a little secondary azimuth propeller system that can be deployed? Yeah. I think the expense that at expense, I think they're cheaper because it's just a, a barge that is, is just basically a floating container that a tug can hook onto The o Well, maybe so, and the other thing that I also regret not investigating now is how the finances of this worked is, is it a tug boat company that just says, all right, we're gonna contract with this barge company for a certain set of time.


Yes. And we'll, we'll just handle all your tugging and pushing needs basically in this harbor. So I, I think it kind of, from what I understand it bears a bit of a resemblance to like the shipping, like trucking industry where somebody needs a, a tow or an escort or something like that in or outta the harbor and you just contract with somebody then I don't know if like you contract with one specific shipping company or you just kind of go back and forth depending on who needs what when, or it's a mixture of both. I'm not sure, but I know that back in the day, they, it used to be whoever got there first, so as a ship was coming in Oh yeah. Tugboats would race out to meet 'em and whoever got there first had that contract right there because they were the first ones on the scene and they were the ones who were gonna pull the, the ship into its birth.


Surely it's an all-inclusive thing though, and it's not just like, oh, you need to get over there 500 bucks. Right. You know? Yeah. No, I don't think it's like that for sure. But the, the, I read another article. The AP did an article on the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapse in Baltimore. What, last year or earlier this year. You remember when that ship ran into the bridge and the bridge collapsed in Baltimore? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. So the, the, there was like heavy criticism because that ship wasn't being escorted by a tugboat. And everybody's like, where was the tugboat? Why was this allowed to happen? And the AP was explaining that's just not how it works.


Like you, the tugboat pulls the, the ship out of its berth and kinda gets it on its way and then it goes back and attaches to another ship and then that ship has to find its way out of harbor, including navigating under and next two bridges and other stuff. Right. And the reason why is money, it costs an extra 10 grand to pay a tugboat to pull you safely out into a harbor so you can make way. And the shipping industry holds the cards now because If you start charging more at a port or you start, sorry, say requiring ships to have a tugboat all the way out into the harbor, it's going to cost more money.


And if another port nearby doesn't force you to do that, it's going to be less. And so there, everybody's gonna go to that port and all of your dock workers are going to lose their jobs and you're not gonna get reelected as mayor of Baltimore. You see what I'm saying? Wow. Yeah. It's crazy how weirdly entrenched it is. And again, it's just so discouraging. It seems like every episode we talk about, you can trace it back to some group of people who are cutting corners because of money and then something bad happens and nobody does anything about it. I'm so sick of it. Yeah, that sounds like a new episode of the Wire too. It does. You okay? Yeah. I'm all right now.


I Know. Let me just apologize to Thomas. Sorry Thomas. If, If You, If you want to pick up your spirits, my friend, go to New York City and take a ride on the w Decker because that's one of the fun thing, fun things you can do in New York. I have not done it yet, but I'm gonna make a point to go to the South Street Seaport Museum in New York where you can actually take a, take a ride on the classic and beautiful w Decker tugboat. Yep. Pretty neat. I'm gonna do it. There's some other stuff you can do too, but that's probably the best. Okay, good. I'd like to do the best things. Good. You got anything more on Tugboats Charles?


I got nothing. I just love these pictures. There's something about a tugboat. I like the way they look. Yeah. You look got those tires hanging off of 'em and they're just, there's something about the utilitarian aspect and especially that w Decker with that big old nose on the front. I don't even know what that is. That's the beard, right? Yeah. But it's not, it's not a beard that I've ever seen. It really looks like a beard. I was reading like a kids' maritime museum website about Tugboats and they were trying to explain why everyone loves Tugboats. 'cause you're, it's true. Like there's nobody who doesn't like Tugboats, especially If you have nothing to do with the industry. Right. You're just watching 'em from afar and they explain that they're very powerful and they're small, but they're also very helpful.


And I think they kind of nailed it on the head. Yeah. Actually some of these beers are very beardie, so I get it. Okay, Good. So Chuck gets it and he mentioned beards twice in quick secession, which of course unlocks listener mail. That's right. And it also conjures Beetle Beard. What? Sorry. You know, you say Beetlejuice three times. Oh, gotcha. I gotcha. Yeah, I got It now. I saw that sequel last night. Yeah. What'd you think? Did you see it? Yeah. You know, I, I enjoyed it. I thought it was fun. It's not some great movie, but none of Tim Burton's movies are great to me, but, Oh, I don't know about that.


I mean, I think Ed Wood was great, but I think that's his only truly great film. What? I mean, tell me another Edward Scissor hands. Sleepy Hollow. I enjoyed Edward Scissor Hands. I don't think it's great. Sleepy Hollow I thought was mid at best. He's got a whole, sorry. I disagree. I Sleepy Hall is one of my all time favorite movies. That's one of those ones I can watch. Like anytime. Yeah. Oh, hey. I like a, I like most of his movies, but I just don't think they're great films. I understand what you're saying. You know what I mean? The 1990 Batman Not the best I would say that. That's not a great movie too. For sure. Yeah. But I mean, I like most of his movies. I Understand what you're saying. Fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I, I thought it was, I thought it was good.


It was fun. It was good enough for what I wanted out of it, which was a bit of nostalgia. And ILO ld quite a few times. 'cause I just think Michael Keaton is really funny and Catherine O'Hara is really funny. I, yes, I think Catherine O'Hara did great. Yeah. But you know, it, it was, it was just, okay. The, I keep forgetting to recommend a movie to you that I, I'll see it and remember how great it was. And then I forget to tell you about it again. It's called a dark song. Okay. It's about a woman who seeks revenge. So she finds an occultist to help her conjure demons to enact revenge. How do you find Movies that no one else has ever heard? I don't know how I found that one.


I really don't remember. But it's on Amazon Prime, if I'm not mistaken. And it sounds like a hokey premise, but the research, the Welsh that the writers did is so like dead on that. It's entirely possible. There's people out there who believe that you can do this exact thing that they're doing and conjure this exact demon. It's nuts. It's really, it's really a good movie. It's pretty rough. I would not watch it with the kids. Okay. But it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a very good art house horror film. Well, Ruby went as Megan for Halloween, so she's pretty into that stuff. But this sounds too dark. It's a little, there's a part in there that she should not see. Okay.


And I'll also say this, I just looked up a dark song really quickly and there's a Reddit thread, a dark song. Is it real? So apparently it's pretty convincing. It is very convincing. All right. So that's been movie minutes. Yep. Did you ever read The Listener Mail? No, man, I'm waiting on the the queue. I said that. You said you said something in Quick Secession and you unlocked listen her mail. Jerry already ran the charm. I got us sidetracked. Hey buddy, I don't jump unless you tell me to. So I did tell you and you didn't jump and everything broke down as if the tugboat stopped tugging. Oh That means another lashing tonight. Aw, I'm gonna lash you to the Tugboats.


Yeah. Put me up there with a beard. Okay. Alright. Hey guys, love the show. Especially the Unsolved Mystery episodes. Needless to say, I love the one a couple of months ago about the mysteries of the internet and the mysterious song that caught my attention. Oh, I know where this one's going. Boy. They came pouring in and I have to say the mystery seems to have been solved about the most mysterious song on the internet. It is not the one that people sent in right after we published. That was not even the same song. Right. Those people were lazy. But yeah, it broke. And we've gotten like a hundred emails that that artist has been identified. There's a Reddit thread, it's a Reddit user.


Tracked it down. The song is called Subways of Your Mind by the Group. I don't know if it's F or FEX, not sure how they pronounce it. The user found the band from an old newspaper article in the Norwes Archive. Wow. While they were researching fest bands, bands performed, that music festival was a lead. The subreddit was working on, the article they found was about a band called FEX from Kehl who won a talent contest in Bremen September, 1984. Their music was described as rock with wave and Pop influences the tracks. The user managed to get in touch with a member of the band and they produced original tapes of the recorded song to prove they were the ones who recorded it.


Wow. I read through the subreddit, they, they said, wait a minute before you go wide with this. 'cause I want to talk to the rest of the band. First came back and said, I talked to the rest of the band. They're into it and we want to like rerecord it and you know, get back together and rerecord this thing now that it's got some fame. Yeah. They're gonna do an acoustic country version. This is for Michael. But big thanks to everybody who wrote in because it, it's pretty exciting. You know, Summerton Man was found on our watch. On our watch. Right. Thanks to us. Thanks to us. And this was solved on our watch. So as the longer we do the show, the more these mysteries are kind of, you know, maybe they'll find that that guy who disappeared from the the airport, remember that guy?


Oh Yeah. That poor kid from, yeah. I don't remember what island he was done. He was like Swedish or something. Yeah. That was a sad story. Yeah. So we're hoping to clear up all these mysteries. But yeah, the mysterious song has been solved. Great. And it was F Subways of Your Mind and who wrote in, because I mean, a million people wrote in, I don't think we've ever got more, more email about the same thing in less time than on this one. It was astounding. It was like when those post office workers come in at the end of Miracle on 34th Street and start dumping Santa letters onto the judge's bench. It was like that. But with emails about the most mysterious song on the internet. Yeah. And it's gonna get worse. 'cause this isn't gonna come out 'cause we're front loading for Christmas break.


And so like we're gonna be getting these emails for Weeks. Two weeks. Oh dude. We'll be getting them for years. Chuck, we got an email Yeah. From somebody this week. And the subject of mine top one was Chuck Predicted Shark nato. Right. That is a old, old classic. Oh man. Vital. They hear about Jared from Subway and Hugh. Hugh Jackman. Yeah. Hugh Jackman playing PT Barn. Who was it? PT Barn. Right. The Greatest Showman yet. Anyway, that was for Michael. Thanks A lot Michael. Very much appreciated. Thanks to everybody who rode in. We don't mean to sound ungrateful, we're just joshing around. Yeah. We love it. Yep. Thank you. Yeah. Keep us informed as best you can all the time.


And since I said that and you want to be like Michael, I should tell you that you can send us an email, send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Why does the godfather of AI warn that the very thing he helped create now has a 10 to 20% chance of leading to human extinction in the next three decades? And what did he learn from losing his wife to cancer about how to approach the future of ai? I'm Oz Ian, host of tech stuff and I'm so excited to share this memorable and intimate conversation with Nobel Laureate, Jeffrey Hinton. Listen to tech stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


Ing ing.


Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good. I'm AJ Jacobs, and my current obsession is puzzles, and that has given birth to my podcast The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.