
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


You know, Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding and that's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's Rewards for free today. Loyalty program, subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Sesame Street Edition, which this has been a long time coming, Chuck. Yeah. And I, I don't know If you planned this or not, but our selects episode, like the week before this comes out I believe is Jim Henson. I did not plan it. What? No, I really didn't. Wow. Amazing. That's Kermit, I mean Kismet S Krsit.


Right. That's really cool. Yeah, If you haven't listened to those, I mean really a couple of our greatest episodes ever and Stuff You Should Know Laura, are are Muppet episodes and our Jim Henson up. So those are good primers If you haven't heard those yet. Yeah, because this definitely touches on Jim Henson because Jim Henson was a huge driver for Sesame Street initially as we'll see. Yeah. But let's talk a little bit about Sesame Street. We Should say what it is. Probably. Yeah. Although I would be really surprised if basically everyone listening wasn't at least familiar. But for those of you who aren't, that's fine. Sesame Street is a long running children's television educational program.


Yeah. That started way back in, I think 1969 was season one and has spread all over the world. I think it's in 150 to 170 countries depending on who you ask. Amazing. And even more than that, in 30 of those countries at least, there are what are called co-productions where they have basically taken the ball and said, we're gonna make our own version of Sesame Street in conjunction with the people who make Sesame Street and just kind of adapted to local customs and culture more. So it's a global juggernaut and it's basically globally beloved too. Yeah. I mean, not by everyone.


I'm sure some people hate it. I hope you're wrong. Oh, I was just kidding. Okay, good. I think I, I think everyone has a soft spot, at least for Sesame Street. I watched it for sure as a kid, but I, I wasn't like, I don't remember years and years and years and years of watching it. I moved onto Electric company, which was, felt like a little bit older. Much more, more intellectual. Yeah, maybe a little bit. So I moved on to that pretty quickly. But I did, I did love Sesame Street and the Muppets and it was, you know, right in our wheelhouse even though it was, you know, I guess it started just a few years before I was born actually. Sadly. Yeah. But again, it's, it's One of the longest running television shows in the history of the United States.


It's up there with like General hospital. Yeah. Like it's just been going forever. It's in season 55 right now. It's been continuous every year since it started. And it is at least in the United States. But I would suspect in a lot of parts of the world. It's basically a rite of early childhood. It's a rite of passage. Like you just kind of grow up on Sesame Street and then like you said, I think as you start to age out of it, you move on to other stuff that was also produced by people who produced em. Sesame Street. Yeah. Oh, I hope I don't start saying Eme Street 'cause that's just not gonna work. That might be the name of it. In some country you never know As we'll. See they, they do have some great names for it. Maybe we should talk a little bit just outta the gate about some of the biggest characters, most iconic characters and when they were introduced.


'cause not all of them had been around for the whole run, but from the very beginning in the first season, we got Big Bird. I know we've talked about it, but there's a great documentary on Big Bird that, that you should watch if you're into that kind of thing. Yeah. Grover was right away. Kermit was in season one, although as you learned, Kermit was already on TV and other areas such that people are like Kermit's a little. I don't know if we're over him, but maybe a little overexposed. So they actually removed him after season one for a little while, right? Yeah, I think they were concerned that he was too commercialized. He was too associated with advertising and Hawking products that they were like, this doesn't really have a place here. Yeah. We also got Bert and Ernie in season one, Oscar the Grouch, our friend in the trash can, the Cookie monster.


And then a couple of years later we got aic, Snuffleupagus. Snuffleupagus, excuse me. Nice little factoid for your next dinner party is that he does have a first name and it's aic. What about the Count 72? What about Telly Monster? This was 79. I must not have been watching it that much at eight. At eight years old. 'cause I did not remember Tele Monster. I remembered him, but he wasn't a big deal to me. So I, I don't, yeah, I don't know. I guess we'd crossed paths. Who Helped? Was Dave help us with this? No, this was Dr. Claw. Oh, well Laura Clauson. Laura might have been into Tele Monster, so maybe that's why she listed it.


Well, I know he is kind of a big one, but I, I think even more than tell by far as, as far as recognition goes, Elmo came along way earlier than I thought. Same. He came along in 1980. Yeah. But he was just kind of a background character. I don't even think he necessarily had a name or any big speaking parts, but he eventually kind of caught on and became one of the more beloved Muppets of all time. Yeah. Stay tuned for Act three to learn how that happened. Yeah. How about a cliffhanger there? Yep. And then I guess let's talk a little bit about the origins. We'll come back to some of the, the, the Muppet characters later on.


Yeah. We should mention the hardware though, because they have won a staggering 221 Emmy Awards. I'm not gonna degrade it by saying well, they're daytime Emmys, but they are daytime Emmys and, and you can rack up a lot of those over the years. But 2 21 over 55 seasons, I like, I don't care how you slice it. That's super impressive. I have zero Emmys, As do I, which I'm kind of surprised neither one of us has an Emmy for the work that we've done. 11 Grammys pretty good. Sure. And then a bunch of Peabodys. I believe that the last time they got an Emmy, the producer accepted it, just yawned on stage and walked off, Just threw it in a big room with the rest of them.


Yeah. On the pile. So we should talk about the origins of all this, because Sesame Street and the whole idea behind it grew out of two developing things in the mid 1960s. One was President Lyndon Baines Johnson's Great Society, which was this ideal policy movement toward ending poverty and inequality, getting rid of crime, helping the environment, making a great society As far as progressives were concerned, that was one thing that was going on. So there was much more of an awareness. There was a, a lit, like they literally declared a war on poverty. Yeah. So there was much more of an awareness of the, a difference between the advantaged and the disadvantaged, especially among children in the United States at the time.


And then at the, at the, on the other side of the coin, there was this growing awareness among psychologists and other like educators that what had been previously neglected and ignored, which was the early childhood years, say between three and five, were really crucial to the intellectual development of a kid. Yeah. And so there came this idea to create television programming and that was geared toward disadvantaged kids between ages three and five to help them to give them kind of a leg up before they started schooling. That's pretty much the premise of where this whole thing came from.


Yeah. Which is, I mean, talk about a noble cause They were, they were onboard from the beginning and we'll, as you'll see, you know, shortly, they really put their money where their mouths were as far as doing actual research and studies to make sure they were doing what they intended to do. Precisely As the story goes. In 1966 as far as the origin, a woman named Joan Gans Cooney and a dude named Lloyd Morrisette were at a dinner party and they started talking about TV and like maybe TV could educate kids. Cooney was a a in the newspaper biz. She started producing tv and then as soon as New York City got a educational television station, she came on board and started working for them.


And I think a, a documentary on a Harlem preschool was her first job. And it really just got her hooks got its hooks in her as far as like, Hey, TV can do something different. Yeah. She said in a documentary called Street Gang, I think Colon, how We Got to Sesame Street, it was from 2021 that she wanted to find out what television would do if it loved people instead of trying to sell to people. Whew. Amazing. Yeah. And this is a time where the FCC chair back in 1961, under JFK, his name was Newton Minnow. He made a name for himself historically by saying that television was a vast wasteland.


And I mean, he was kind of right. There was some good stuff on at the time, but also there was some really bad stuff too. And it was, I think what he was ultimately saying though is he was, he wasn't critiquing the, the, the smartness of the sitcoms at the time. He was basically saying like, there's nothing to be gained from. Like, this is all just dumb escapism and advertising essentially is what TV is. And we hadn't really come a very long way for a long time. No, well we, we have and we haven't. One step forward, two steps back maybe, Hey man, when they did away with the afterschool special TV took a nose dive as far as I'm concerned. Agreed. As far as Morissette goes, he was a VP at the Carnegie Corporation, a very smart guy.


He had a PhD in psychology from Yale. And his sort of lore goes that he was watching his daughter, his young daughter watch TV test patterns before, you know, broadcast started early one morning and he was like, oh my god, kids like they'll really watch anything if it's on a screen. This is not good. No. He said to Joan Ganz Cooney, isn't it ironic? Don't you think? Is he related? No, I think she has a e at the end of her name. Oh, I think you're right. I just wondered though. 'cause she was in kids television. Yeah. You can't do that on television. Yeah. I was like, oh, I wonder if there's a tie there, but I guess not. She got slimed. So they started doing a little research and they got a grant through the Carnegie Corporation because Morissette was a VP there.


And he wrote a report about, you know, using TV as, as a good thing for preschool kids. They got a, another grant to develop, like a more in-depth pitch, basically. Did a lot more research. Again, they weren't just sort of writing from the, from the dome. And in 1968 they presented a proposal called Television for Preschool Children. And again, on the premise that like, hey, all we're doing is like trying to sell stuff to people. Like what if TV treated them with respect and love instead? Yeah. And I mean, TV was a great way to get to kids already by the mid sixties I saw that. I think, oh, I don't remember what year it was, but around the time that these guys were starting, kids were averaging 54 hours a week in front of the television.


That's almost eight hours a day. That's a full workday of watching TV for, for kids. Yeah. So I mean it, they were already tuned in. So the idea of like getting to them through the TV in a a, a way that you, like you were trying to help them, to educate them that, I mean, it was, it was radical for the time, but it also is just totally sensible. But like you said, they weren't just going on this idea like, of course this is gonna work. Yeah. They tested this inside and out and what became the children's television workshop, which is now called Sesame Workshop, this collaborative of like writers, producers, directors for the show, but also child psychologists, sometimes religious leaders, educators, and also of like different races, ethnicities, all coming together to basically say like, here are some things we can, we, like, here's goals we want to achieve in educating kids.


We want them to learn cognitively, we want them to learn social graces. And like, I think if we try this way or that way, we can actually achieve that. But let's try this way and try that way and test them both and see which works best. Yeah, for sure. And they, they had to get kids to watch though, like all of this hard work would be, it would be really, really sad if kids just didn't tune in because you know, as we'll see, like PBS and it's precursor, the National Education television, I guess network was, you know, may maybe not a lot of people watched it at the time. So they knew they had to get eyeballs in front of it. So from their initial $8 million in funding from different foundations and some from the federal government, they spent $900,000 of that 8 million to promote the show, which is a pretty staggering percentage out of the gate.


And they had a bunch of all, you know, they went to, you know, regular media outlets of course, but they also hit Head Start programs and churches and daycares. I think you found out that when, like the week before the premier, they hired trucks with like loudspeakers to just drive around, you know, a lot of urban neighborhoods, you know, advertising that it was coming on. And like you mentioned it from the onset, Mr. Jim Henson coming aboard was also a big part of getting people to watch because the Muppets were already a thing. Yeah. Like we said, Kermit was already so commercialized. He basically was removed from the show, but they've been around since the fifties. I think Jim Henson's first puppet gig was outta high school or during high school and he developed this shtick pretty quickly, but it wasn't, it wasn't associated with kids.


He would take it on like the Steve Allen show or the Jack Parr show, like late night TV and do like puppet skits that weren't at all geared toward kids and very quickly started doing a advertising with them as well. They just became a thing Muppets. People knew Muppets before their Sesame Street. So to land Jim Henson, he wasn't like some mega star, you know, he was no CC Deville at the time, but he, he was well known. So it was kind of like they landed a bit of a whale by getting Jim Henson fully involved in developing and executing, or I should say producing Sesame Street initially. You know what, I think I got the, the poison reference wrong in that episode recently.


You Did. That's why I said that Cecc Deville is a guitarist. Ricky Rocket was a drummer. You got that straight. Finally, Talk dirty to me. One of the reasons why also Chuck, it was so big to bring Jim Henson on was because from that research, and today this seems totally normal, but this grew out of the, the children's television workshop research was that puppets and animation really got kids going. It really jazzed them. It really got their attention. And as we learned from the editorial cartoon episode, that's because they're super stimuli, so they jack kids up. Yeah. And then weirdly, some of the child psychologists involved in the development of the show we're like, okay, that's fine.


We need puppets. But the humans and the puppets can never interact. They can never communicate. It will scare the bejesus out of the children if they do. And I guess somebody was like, that's a pretty ridiculous thing. And that got thrown away even before the pilot episode ran. Well, no, they actually tested it with kids and learned that the kids were not interested in the adult only sections. Yeah. So they actually had real, real data. So they, they tried it out and it just didn't work. No. And they should have known too, I mean this like Sesame Street was pretty groundbreaking in that it was an educational show, but they're already kids shows. Like Mr. Rogers had been around for a year before it debuted.


Captain Kangaroo had been around since 1955. But what made it different is that those shows were generally like anti school and they encouraged kids to explore a life of crime. Whereas Sesame Street was like, no, let's go to school and be the best kind of people we can Now can we take a break? Yes. Alright, great. We'll come back and talk a little bit about what happened on November 10th, 1969, right after this.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to Strawberry, do me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, so I promised a specific date in mine November 10th, 1969. Again, a year before, roughly before PBS came out, a show like this would air on something called the National Education Television, and that's when it aired ta-da. And it was a hit right outta the gate, almost 7 million viewers. In season one, Ernie had a, a big hit song with rubber ducky actually charted at number 16 on the Billboards. That's awesome. In September, 1970 and was nominated for a Grammy and they used to do a ton of these episodes. They had 130 episodes a season for a while, and then further reduction in funding kind of over the years, trimmed it down.


And by the time they hit the two thousands, they were down to 30 episodes a year. But you know, I mentioned test pilots and James Earl Jones was is, you know, it kind of depends on who you talk to. He was in one of those test pilots. So some people say he was the first celebrity guest on Sesame Street, but the actual real episode one, season one, Carol Burnett was featured as the first guest. Yes. And Carol Burnett was laughing while she was counting to 10. James Earl Jones was just staring at the camera doing the alphabet in almost a really creepy way. Have you seen it? Oh yeah.


It's great. Yeah. And that pilot was called, the title of what was Gordon introduces Sally to Sesame Street. And the other, I mean, in my opinion, oddball human that appeared in episode one, season one was magician James Randy. Oh really? Yeah. Pretty cool. That is cool. Was he just doing magic or teaching kids to be skeptics? I, I think he was just doing magic. Okay. I, I didn't watch the whole episode, but I just thought that was kind of fun. But The reason James Earl Jones was on there and shortly after Harry Belafonte and a lot of other black celebrities very early on was because, again, the show initially was geared toward a disadvantaged inner city black kids who had just been totally overlooked and forgotten.


So they wanted to show people that looked like them on TV and so they could learn from them. So it was really kind of, I don't wanna say like geared toward black kids, but there was way more for the average three or 4-year-old black kid growing up in America at the time that they could find anywhere else on tv. The thing is, is it was also designed for everybody, for every kid. So any kid could come along and enjoy it. And that was actually seen, apparently Sesame Street is based on Harlem, I guess, and they originally had one name for it, which was, I think, was it 1 2 3 B Street or B Avenue?


I don't know. I think it was. And so people were like, that sounds really New York and it's gonna turn off everybody outside of New York. Everyone in New York will love it, but you know, so they expanded it to Sesame Street eventually so that everybody could, could appreciate it more. Yeah. And part of the racial diversity was a problem in some places in the United States at the time. They're human characters. Gordon and Susan were a black couple and the state of Mississippi said, not in my state. That's not gonna be on television. And because it is a, you know, PBS is is a, is a public thing. The state kind of shut that down. The state commission did and banned it.


It only took 22 days for that to be reversed. But take heart that a local NBC affiliate stepped up during that three weeks and aired those episodes even in Mississippi. I think that's so cool, man. Yeah, that's great. So yeah, the first, the original human cast were Gordon and Susan, a black couple. And then Mr. Hooper and Bob, both of them were white. Mr. Hooper ran the store. Bob was a music teacher. Gordon was a science teacher. And Susan originally started out as a housewife, developed into a nurse and then finally became a working mom later on. Yeah. It took a couple of years to get Latina representation because initially in the first couple of seasons, Chicano activists and Puerto Rican activists were like, Hey, where are we in this show?


And so by season three we got Maria and Luis. You did mention Gordon originally. That was a guy named Matt Robinson, but he left the show. He, he kind of co-created this character with Jim Henson named Roosevelt Franklin. And he was purple, but he was sort of a black coated Muppet because he spoke using African American vernacular English. And while some people was like, no, this is great as a role model and it's real, other people were like, no, that's a negative stereotype. You know, I think it would be different today, but for the time that didn't go over so well. No. And the fans of Arrested Development will probably recognize Franklin Joe B Blue's puppet.


Yeah. He was based on Roosevelt Franklin. And because of that, I was, when I started to watch clips of Roosevelt Franklin, the original Muppet, I was like, this is gonna be awful. It was not, it's actually quite ridiculous that they got rid of him because he was a really well developed black character. Yeah. It's just perplexing that they cave to that 'cause he was a good character. Yeah. Did you say job or go Bluth? Oh yeah. I said Job, didn't I? It's go just Stop the listener mails right now. No, It's job. I Thought it was gob. No, no, it's job. Or was that just one of the jokes? Yeah, that, yeah, because his, his, that's his, his, it's his acronym George something Bluth.


Oh, okay. I I thought there was a joke on there at some point about go, but I might just be wrong on that. It's been a While. Hey man, it has been a while. So you could be right too. Don Music was another character they got rid of that was a, Don Music was a composer. He would get frustrated and bang his head on the piano keys and parents were like, Hey, my kid is banging their head on piano keys and stuff and we, we gotta get this character outta there. So they got rid of Don music pretty early on as well. Poor Don. Yeah. So there's a, that's, this is like nothing unusual for Sesame Street. They started doing that from the outset. Right. Like they started, like they were, it started off with a black and white cast.


And I mean, that was still kind of strange or unusual for TV in America, but th they keep doing it and it, what's kind of saddening is every time they do it, it's like, oh my God, I can't believe how great this is that they're including Right. This character. And then there's another segment of the public who's like, I can't believe they're including that character. Right. Yeah. It's just sad either way. I think it's both kind of sad because what they're doing, what Sesame Street does is they say there's a group of people out there who are being neglected that kids that we're talking to interact with and we need to bring them on just to normalize them. Yeah. Because they're just normal people and we need to show that.


So they've, they've introduced a number of characters that proved to be controversial over the years. What I like about Sesame Street, with the exception of Roosevelt Franklin, they basically just stay mute on it. And they're like, you guys sorted out, we're gonna just do our thing over here. Yeah, for sure. And this was, you know, pretty early on too, in 1978, they had a character with Down Syndrome who was in preschool. His name was Jason Kingsley and was the son of a writer, Emily Kingsley for Sesame Street. And so all of a sudden they started having more kids with, you know, challenges and disabilities. They've had kids that are hearing impaired, they've had kids in wheelchairs over the years. Recently they've kind of brought it into the modern age for, you know, issues that kids face.


Sadly, more and more these days, one character had food insecurity and eventually homelessness. Yeah. That's Lily. Yeah. And another whose father was in prison and then another kid who was in foster care because her mother is battling opioid addiction. So they're, I mean, they've never been afraid to bite off some really, really tough stuff that sadly kids have to deal with and they know they have to deal with this stuff so they're, they're not backing away from it. Yeah. One of the other things that Sesame Street does when it introduces like a, a Muppet like this is shine the light on, on the fact that this is an actual thing. Like they're not like what obscure terrible situation can we find and base a Muppet on?


Apparently in the United States, 2.5 million children are homeless at any given time. 2.61 million children have a father or a parent who's in prison and another 1.4 million have a parent addicted to opioids. Yeah. So it's not like these are niche topics that niche puppets are, are built on. These are real challenges that a lot of little kids in the United States face. Yeah. Whether you consider it tasteful or not. Yeah, For sure. You know, we mentioned that they put their money where their mouth is as far as continuing to do research and study about, you know, its effect on kids and potential outcomes.


'cause that was, you know, that was the, the mission statement from the very beginning. So they couldn't just be like, yeah we're doing a great job. So we're we're good. They got into educational test, the educational testing service to do a study after just season one. And they sampled 943 kids from urban areas and then one rural area. And the kids there were, you know, disadvantaged kids in urban areas, in rural areas. There were Spanish speaking kids. There were advantaged suburban kids in this study. And they found that kids really did learn from the show and that the more you watch, the more they learned and the more they knew. Which was pretty great. Yeah, that was, that was season one, right?


Yeah, they, that would, yeah. So they went back and said let's figure out if this worked. There was a 2013 study that kind of recreated it intentionally or otherwise, but rather than looking at the United States, they took it on an international scale and it was a meta-analysis of 24 studies that had been conducted on the effects of Sesame Street. And all combined, this meta-analysis looked at 10,000 children in 15 different countries. So it was a pretty robust study. And they found the same thing. That there were significant positives associated with kids watching Sesame Street and that kids who watched more perform better in school. And that this effect carried no matter the income level of the country, low income, middle income, high income country, doesn't matter.


The effects were the same. And it hit three different outcomes, cognitive outcomes, learning about the world and social reasoning. And basically it just turned every single one of these 10,000 children into a super child. Yeah. There was one Well, which is why they have the s on their chest, right? Sesame Street. Yeah. Super Child. Another study, I thought this one was pretty striking to me because they could actually do a fairly direct ab comparison. The American Economic Journal for Melissa Kearney and Philip Levine did a study 'cause they were like, Hey wait a minute. In those early years there were UHF stations and VHF stations and some areas had some and then, you know, a couple of neighborhoods over another, you know, they might may not have the same access.


So they could literally compare districts in elementary schools and outcomes with people who did not have the show at all. And people who had it. And they found that the show actually did improve outcomes and that the positive effect of the show was particularly pronounced for boys and black non-Hispanic children and children who grew up in other counties who had economic disadvantage. So it, it was literally helping and targeting the kids that they were hoping to target while also being good for everyone overall. Yeah. And one specific outcome I saw just for an example in that study was that the kids who watched Sesame Street were 14% more likely to be in an age appropriate grade in middle school or high school.


So they hadn't been held back or they were 14% likely to have not been held back than kids who didn't watch it. Yeah. It's pretty great. Yeah. It's statistically significant. Yeah. This is a pretty good quote too. The New Republic, their quote is that Sesame Street was offic essentially the first MOOC massive o online open course providing educational content to viewers for free. And a 2015 white paper from the Early Childhood Education Group said it's one of the largest and least costly interventions. Yeah. And you might be like, well New Republic, that's a pretty liberal rag. Of course it like Sesame Street we found a quote from the National Review, which is the what Conservative and the National Review called Sesame Street, the one great thing accomplished by LBJs Great Society.


Which is a hilarious quote. And that was in 2021, just one Thing. Right. Hey it's good for Sesame Street though. Yeah, That's what I was saying. Everybody loves Sesame Street. So I guess we'll press on Chuck and plug into the rest of the world. 'cause like we said, it shows up in 150 to 170 countries and there's at least 30 co-productions around the world. And it turns out they're really fun to read about and talk about. They really are. 'cause like you said, you know, depending on the country, they're gonna tailor it for their country and have characters that reflect things kids might recognize. So If you go to Israel and watch Oscar the Grouch, you'll see that Oscar's name, MOIA Nik pretty good name.


It means Grouch in Hebrew. Yeah. But you probably won't see Oscar the Grouch or Count Von Count in Afghanistan. Afghanistan has its own co-production called, my best attempt is Bach e Simpson and they have cultural taboos against trash and vampires. So Oscar and the Count don't really translate to the Afghani version of Sesame Street, The Sim Sims. Right. I wonder if that's the theme. Yeah. There's the sesame in Arabic or Arabic like languages or Arabic related languages. Sim Sim or Samsung has, it seems to be what Sesame is.


Yeah, I think so. So If you ever run across a trivia question that says what is Sesame in Arabic, you better say Sim sim. Yeah. S-I-M-S-I-M. If spelling counts one word, If you go to the UK and you said Cookie Monster, they'd say, I think you mean Biscuit Monster of course 'cause biscuits or cookies over there. And If you go to Latin America, you might not see Big Bird, but you might see Abe Lardo who is Big Bird's cousin. It's a giant parrot. Yeah. So you've got like different characters or the same characters with different names or characters that just don't show up. But there's also characters that are just totally new and they kind of follow the original Sesame Streets program of like, let's include people who are stigmatized or left out.


And so the South African version of Sesame Street Alani. Yeah. I dunno why I had trouble saying that. Alani Sesame Delicious. Yeah. They included a character named Kami. Kami is based on the word kagel, which means acceptance in some south, south African indigenous languages like Zulu. And the reason they did that is 'cause Kami is a HIV positive orphan of a a mother with aids Yeah. Who died. And this is a Muppet who is basically playing with other Muppets to show little kids that you don't have to be fearful Yeah. Of having a friend who is HIV positive. It's not dangerous to play with them.


And in South Africa that was very controversial because a lot of people have HIV in South Africa, but it's still very stigmatized. So of course Sesame Street in South Africa was like, let's get Kami in there. They could probably have an American version of that same character, or at least in the eighties They could. I read that there was a letter written by a small panel of Congress people to PBS basically saying, don't even think about it. Right. Oh boy. Since 98 there was a, there's been an Israeli Palestinian co-production, which is super unique obviously called Ko Sum Sum. Oh yeah. Or Shara's Sim Sim like you said.


And this is pretty great. It's Israeli and Palestinian Palestinian kids together and we, they're from separate streets, but they get together and hang out and play and talk. And when they do the language, you know, either Hebrew or Arabic is translated in subtitles into the other language. And they weren't just like, well we'll just pat ourselves on the back for this. They were trying to accomplish something. So they measured outcomes again and did studies. And they found that watching the show made kids in the, in that area more likely to use positive terms to describe kids on the other side of that conflict. And Sesame Street, we should just say that after every, every great thing we talk about them doing. Yeah. And you know, actually there's a, a quote that kind of goes along with that.


Andrew s Nazis who was, who led us a ID under George W. Bush, he said the Arabic language version of the show was the quote biggest weapon against Al-Qaeda and Islamic extremism. Yeah, I, I thought about that too, that like you're using Sesame Street to spread essentially global good basic human values in places where those are sometimes in short supply, you know? Yeah. I think that's cool. And then that, that one, the Arabic version you just mentioned it, it's called Alan Simpson. They use that in Syrian refugee camps because little kids in Syrian refugee camps, schools were canceled because the government dropped chemical weapons on their town.


But they're still getting to watch this Arabic version of Sesame Street to make sure that they're not left behind. Yeah. And you know, since we're here before we break, we might as well mention that the Sesame Workshop is a nonprofit that gets part of their funding through the US federal Government, through the US A ID program. And just I think a couple of months ago the current administration announced that obviously U-S-A-I-D and by the way, episode coming up on that, soon on that organization is being cut at the, at the behest of the Department of Government Efficiency. So Sesame Street is gonna lose a lot of funding and the current president said the Arabic language version was part of hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud.


But the good news is, is that it accounts for only 4% of their total funding. So hopefully it, I mean they were pretty much called off guard and or scrambling a bit, but hopefully that it's not like the end of Sesame Street. No, I saw this in real dollars about $5 million. But the problem is that's still a significant, like, like they're operating at a deficit so they basically need every dollar they can get. Right. So it's still hitting them 4% even matters. Yeah. So I think in March, 2025 they announced that they were having to lay off employees, which is not something that happens all the time at Sesame Street, although I'm sure they've tackled it plenty of times. Yeah. Maybe there was an episode about it.


Probably. Should we take a break? What I just want to throw out one more, we talked about the Afghani version of Sesame Street in 2016. They featured, they debuted a, a girl Muppet named Zari who goes to school wearing a hijab. Yeah. Pretty great. Yep. Take that Taliban. Alright, well we're gonna take that second break and we're gonna wrap it up here right after this.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet-friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


If You own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own outright the value you can tap to fund other life goals. In fact, the average Rocket Mortgage homeowner has about $170,000 in untapped equity available. And now Rocket Mortgage can help you understand what home equity is and how to use it wisely for what matters to you. That's right. They made it easier than ever to turn your home equity into cash with Rocket Mortgage. So now the home you've worked so hard for can work hard for you in plenty of different ways. Home Equity can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off and consolidate high interest debt from credit cards. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 3170 $8,000. Average equity is based on internal Rocket Mortgage servicing date.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way and there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


So Chuck, before we broke, I was talking about how Sesame Street probably has, has tackled the episode of, of being fired parent being fired. Right. And the reason why is 'cause they have a long history of tackling tough topics that date back pretty far. I think in 1982, that's usually where people trace the, the origin of Sesame Street, just taking on very adult themed episodes that kids sometimes have to deal with head on with the death of Mr. Hooper who ran Hooper's store. Yeah, I mean I have a hard time even talking about this one. It was 1982, actor Will Lee who played Mr. Hooper passed away in, in IRL and they were like, let's not replace 'em.


Let's use this as an opportunity to teach kids about death and grief and Big Bird, they aired it on Thanksgiving so parents, you know, were more likely to be home. They got together like with, again, they weren't just like, Hey, let's just have the white writers whip something up. They got together with religious leaders and child psychologists to kind of figure out the best way to do this. And they decided on Big Bird kind of taking the, the lead in saying very sadly, I I want to give Mr. Hooper a picture that I drew when he comes back. And that's when they're like, big bird, I've got some bad news for you, my friend. Yeah. Gordon famously rolled his eyes. Yeah, He's not coming back.


Death is permanent. And it was a huge, huge deal for not just Sesame Street, but just how we talked to kids about this kind of thing, you know? Yeah. Because It took kids seriously as, as you know, thinking, feeling individuals because they, they taught, they discussed replacing him with a new Mr. Hooper and just pretending like it wasn't a different actor or saying Mr. Hooper retired and he's not coming back, but he's retired, not dead. And they're like, no, let's, let's use this opportunity. It is really tear-jerking to watch. Yeah. In 1985, another big lesson came along when is, you know, If you haven't seen the show, Mr.


Snuffle is this sort of big, I don't even know what you call it, kind of a big long-haired monstery thing, but it it, It kind of touch a bully mammoth I think. Yeah. But Big Bird, snuffle Snuffleupagus was Big Bird's imaginary friend and the adults like couldn't see this imaginary friend. And in that episode he was seen by the rest of the cast and they were like, Hey, maybe this can inspire kids who were maybe child abuse victims, that you don't need to fear that adults won't believe you If you reveal something to them. And so, you know, they, they tackled it through Snuffleupagus all of a sudden becoming a, a real thing to the adults on the show. Yeah. Because he always had been real.


But anytime Big Bird tried to introduce some people, he would just not be there for some reason or another. So he was real. And, and when they apologized to him, I think Bob, the music teacher said, we'll, believe you, whenever you tell us something from now on Big Bird, like they really kind of drove it home, beat the little kids over the head with this. They also tackled nine 11 not in a, in a direct way by like talking about the Pentagon and the Twin Towers, but it was a show very clearly centered around kids. You know, dealing with like a, a big sort of shared tragedy and how they might go about that. Oh, let's see what else. Oh one another part of that too is there was a fire at Hooper's store.


They didn't show the fire, it was just off screen. They mentioned it, they referenced it happening and some firefighters show up to put it out and Elmo is just freaked out by this. So the firefighters stop and like comfort him and tell him it's okay and they help deal with that kind of, I don't know. I think the, the message was listen to firefighters 'cause they're all right. Yeah. Great message. Kids love firetrucks Anyway, so they're halfway there. Right. They also dealt with like kids who have parents in the military that are off at war at one point they've had episodes on hurricanes and like dealing with a, a natural disaster like that. And they even dealt with the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020.


'cause kids were at home watching a lot of TV and you know, their parents were pretty stressed out. So they had a special episode all about Covid. Yeah. Including when the vaccines came out. Big bird and every, I think everybody else got vaccinated and Big, big Bird had a bandaid on his wing. He said, my wing hurts a little bit, but other than that I'm okay. Yeah. So you mentioned the, the problems with the funding. It started in the mid eighties. They had reports that expenses were gonna outpace revenues. Perhaps they do a lot of licensing. I think about two thirds of their revenue comes from licensing, licensing to like books and toys and things. The monster at the end of this book is a classic children's book with Grover as as the center character.


My favorite Grover book, one of my favorite books growing up was Grover and the Everything in The World Museum. Did you ever read that one? Uhuh? It might have been after Your Time, but I love that book. Good stuff. That drawing in there is so great and it's just, it's all Grover. Yeah. They've been talking about, you know, the, the recent cuts are one thing, but they've been talking about, you know, reducing funding and have reduced funding somewhat over the years. For a long time though, I believe 2015, they were operating at a loss maybe for the first time. And so HBO stepped up and said, Hey, you know what, If you give us a jump on PBS, we'll pay you some pretty good money. So they got the episodes nine months before PBS but in December of last year of 2024, Warner Brothers Discovery said, you know what, we're not going to, we're not gonna do that deal anymore.


We can license backup episodes still or we want to still, but the deal has concluded and I think that also put them in a bit of a money bind. Yeah. So I guess HBO Max agreed to take season 20 or six, season 55, which is currently out now, but they're not taking season 56. And yeah, the Sesame Workshops like, well we're still gonna make a season 56 who, who wants to buy new episodes, brand new episodes of Sesame Street. So it's up for up for auction right now. I didn't see any interested buyers, but I mean the idea of Sesame Street just going away 'cause no one's gonna put it on the air.


Is mindbogglingly sad to me and I just don't think it's gonna happen. Hmm. A Stuff You Should Know. Production. There you go. Do you have like, Could pull our money together A hundred million bucks or something? What would that cost? I don't know, but I'll bet we could get it outta Jerry. I, I don't know. I don't think it's gonna be a hundred million bucks. 'cause that's like all of their operating costs for a year and I I mean they get a lot of their money from licensing toys and pajamas and all that stuff. So when you buy those things, you're actually directly helping Sesame Street. Yeah. I like where I get my pajamas. Yeah, I'll bet we could get it for 20 million right now. The problem is, Chuck, is we don't have anywhere to show it. I think that's a big obstacle we would have to overcome as well.


Ah, we could cut a deal. Okay. Well God knows how much that's gonna cost us, but we can, we'll figure it out. Maybe we should finish up with some sort of random sort of factoids that you might wanna share with your friends. Here's a pretty fun stat. The characters on Sesame Street are some of the most recognizable in the world and certainly in the US 75% of people under 55 told a Yuga pole that they even have a favorite character. Do you wanna know the top 10 in order? Sure. Guess who's your favorite? We never said who our favorites were. I don't remember.


I I used to like the count. Yeah, He was great. 1, 2, 3. Oh, that's a good count. Cookie Monsters number one. Yeah, figure Elmo. Elmo is number two. Big bird's, number three, which I guess makes sense. Grover number four, Grover is my favorite. The Count Mr. Stuffle up against Ernie and then Bert. And then Abby, which is a newer, a newer character I think. I'm not sure when she came along. And then the last one, number 10 is other My favorite. So the title, if you're wondering where that came from, it was from Alibaba and the 40 Thieves Open Sesame Cooney is on record saying that that was probably the least bad title.


And we thought that, you know, open Sesame, we felt like we were opening children to knowledge and education. So it's kind of a kinda a weird little origin, but it just, I can't think of it as anything else. Yeah. And lucky for them it translates pretty well in Arabic Simpson, what Was the, what was the Mexican version called that had a great name? Plaza esmo. I love that. Yeah, I do too. Can you tell me how to get there though? Well that, I'm glad you brought that up. I was looking up stuff about the theme song. It turns out there's not much interesting about it other than it debuted on the first episode and has been, you know, toyed with or altered here, there over the years. But it's, it's the same theme song in every episode of Sesame Street.


All 10 million episodes. We gotta shout out the Writers, the Music by Joe Reso. Okay. And lyrics by Reposo and John Stone and Bruce Hart. Nice. Pretty great. That was nice of you. And then did we talk about Tickle Me Elmo? Well no we, this is the third act reveal. Okay. So we talked about Elmo be suddenly becoming very famous. The reason why is because in 1996, the Tickle Me Elmo Doll became like the must have Christmas toy. And I know we've talked about it in one of our Christmas episode episodes, but let's just briefly mention it again. Yeah. I mean, thank you Rosie O'Donnell for this one. Tickle Me. Elmo came on Rosie O'Donnell and it was a big, big deal.


This may have been a Black Friday episode thing too, because trying to buy those Elmos at the time was a, was a, was a thing. There were, there was Stampeding people went to the hospital. There were people selling them on the black market for like really high prices. So Elmo was a, a overnight sensation like you know, 16 years after, or I guess 12 years after his debut. Yeah, 14 years Dead Gum. It also, Elmo is the only non-human to testify before Congress. That's right. On behalf of music education in school. I got two more things. Just wanted to call out Julia. A 4-year-old Muppet with autism who's been around since 2017.


And then apparently this year, season 55, 1 of the big themes that they're tackling are big feelings and kids dealing with them. And they're even debuting a new Muppet who's teaching kids like breathing techniques to calm themselves down. That's great. And then last thing I have is, If you want a little dose of nostalgia, go watch the full compilation of the pinball count songs. Remember those? No. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. Wow. I don't remember that. It came out in 76. So yeah, you probably have moved on to Electric company by then. You're like, that's baby stuff. It's great. You should watch it.


The animation in it is beautiful. Beautifully seventies. It's great. Yeah, I love it. Anything else? Yeah, in 2005 there was a a bit of a stir because Cookie Monster, you know, was known for just ravaging cookies and stuffing them in his face and crumbs flying everywhere. And that's the beauty of Cookie Monster. But people were like, you know, maybe it's not such a good idea to have a character that's just binge eating sugar. Right. And sweets and and treats. So they use Cookie Monster as a impulse control model for moderation. And a cookie became a sometimes food from Cookie Monster. And of course people are gonna be like, what, are you kidding me? Is this gonna be Veggie Monster next?


And there were letter writing campaigns and there was a petition and all this stuff. And Veggie Monster was never gonna be a thing. They were just, I guess they just filed those complaint letters in the circular file and it's like, settle down everybody. I got one more. I overlooked. Do you wanna hear it? Sure. This is a cane, but telly, remember Telly Monster we talked about? Yes, but no. Okay. So Telly has a hamster named Chucky Sue and he used to have a stuffed animal horse named Clark. Oh, how about that? Yeah. Pretty neat, huh? Yeah. Total coincidence too is from the nineties. Both of them. Yeah. Just like that Hinton up just coming out.


Yeah. Lots of Kermit Smit since I said Krsit. Of course everybody, that means it's time for listener mail. Yeah, this is a little bit on libraries from name redacted. Hey guys, love the many on alternative libraries. I'm a member of the board at my local library and my wife is a school librarian. I want to salute and celebrate our librarians who are largely thought of as old ladies with buns and cat eye glasses, but they're actually on the front lines of the fight for the First Amendment. In many ways. My local library has a teen room whose librarian is collecting the L-G-T-B-Q books discarded by other libraries 'cause of certain bad actors.


The librarian at the high school I work has sent red cards telling our heavily immigrant population what to say if ice immigrants show up at their door or stop them on the way to school. And apparently his wife, the librarian, has to really get involved in reference searches these days because of like, you know, book banning and just getting rid of certain educational proposals. So one of her favorite t-shirts says What is more punk than the local library? So thanks guys for all you do and keep it up. And that is from Name Redacted. Thanks. Name Redacted. I know we talked about that some in our Band Books episode. Yeah. But yes, we can't say it enough.


God bless librarians for making sure that people are educated as we can be for free. That's right. Perfect fit for this episode too. Yeah, I thought so too. Well, If you wanna get in touch with us, like name redacted did, you can tell us your name or not, doesn't matter. We'll clearly protect you. You can send it via email, probably encrypted If you want to, stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly, S-A-L-L-C.


Do you know what's at the root of most oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis? Ding, ding, ding. You're right. It's bacteria. And the Colgate Total Active Prevention System is 15 times more effective at fighting that bacteria when used together. The system reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non-standard fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush. Take that mouth bacteria, be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.