
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us today. And that's okay. 'cause we're just gonna be sitting around rapping about one of our favorite things to talk about that is movies. Let's go to the movies. You had a little Catherine Hepburn thing going on there. Ethel Merman, Katherine Hepburn. It was, it was Katherine Hepburn's singing Ethel Merman. Okay. That's I take to see that. Yeah. Yeah. We are gonna go to the movies, Chuck and in particular, specific kind of movie that the more I dug into, the more I realized is one of my favorite types of movies.


Oh, yeah, yeah. Disaster movies. I had no idea. But remember we were talking, this whole thing was kicked off by me watching the day after tomorrow. A couple weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, it's one of my favorite movies. And the reason why is because I love disaster movies. Love them. Yeah. I like a lot of these. It's not my favorite genre overall, but like I found myself saying like, oh yeah, that was pretty good. Or, I like that. All right. But generally, if, if we're in this Mm, this is a sub genre of action movies, and I think I prefer, prefer action movies overall more than disaster movies. Okay.


All right. Well, yeah, we'll get into that because it is a sub-genre of action and that makes a lot of sense. Disaster movies are packed with action. And there are some that are like, okay, this is definitely a disaster film. Like the towering Inferno. Oh Yeah, Avi. Okay. But then there's also movies like Speed and Speed checks off a lot of the boxes. Eh, not a disaster Movie, though. You would not call it a disaster movie, even though it really could, If you really wedged it in there, it would qualify. But there's just a couple little things that are different Yeah. That make it definitely an action movie. And then you have other ones like The Birds, Alfred Hitchcock's, the Birds Not a Disaster movie.


To me it's, It, it, it ends up on lists. It's part of the animal attack, sub genre of disaster films, which is a subgenre of action. Yeah. It's interesting 'cause I'm sure you did the same thing when reading off some of these. It, it's sort of like just a gut feeling sometimes. And you can't say exactly what it is that you feel personally like, doesn't count, but someone, you know, someone else might think it counts. It's not like this is something you can say is very cut and dry, you know? Right. And because of that, I looked everywhere on the internet to try to cobble together this list of like, basically the, the basic defining characteristics of disaster films.


Yeah. And it was hard. Nobody's ever sat there, sat down and said, here they are. Right. Some people have kind of piecemeal, but the people don't talk that much about disaster films, which I find sad. Well, Maybe this can be that. And maybe you can like, I don't know, start a website. Josh defines disaster.com And I'll just put this article on there and that'll be that. Alright. Should we go through some of these? 'cause you did a bang up job. Thank you. The first thing you needed in a, in a disaster movie is a disaster. Sure. But this can be a lot of different things. A lot of time it's a human made thing. And that varies from climate change movies, which we've seen a lot more of lately to like pandemics.


And sometimes like, like I guess a, some things like towering inferno or a bit of a mashup. 'cause you can have like the threat of a structural collapse. So that is a human made thing, but it might be brought upon by like a fire or flood or something. Yes. Yeah. There's overlap. Nobody said you can pin down disaster movies pretty easily. That's right. What Else? There's like, extraterrestrial iss a big one. It can be an alien attack. It can be a comet or an asteroid headed toward earth. Yeah. Transportation is huge. Yeah. People love screwing up like cruise ships and trains and boats and airplanes. Love it. Yeah. And then one of the other things about it too, this, the disaster is ongoing.


Right? So it's not like the people survive a a five minute earthquake and then the rest of the movie, they all like go out to dinner and everything's fine. Right. They spend the rest of the movie negotiating all the problems that that disaster created. So they're, they're negotiating sub disasters. Or it can be like an ongoing disaster, like a flood or something like that. Like that can happen the entire movie. But one way or another, the entire movie takes place over some sort of disaster in all of its after effects. Yeah, for sure. Impending or in in what? In Oh, that's a good point too.


Yeah. Sometimes there's a lot of lead up to it. Yeah, exactly. But what, what am I looking for in process, in progress? Sure. Oh good lord. It's usually a pretty large disaster. And for me, this is like, can be a real big dif differentiator in my personal opinion. And, but again, it's a gut check. Like sometimes if it's just a local thing to me, I'm like, well, that's not really a disaster movie. 'cause it has to be more big in sweeping to truly qualify. Right. But then sometimes it, it is sort of a smaller thing and I feel like it does qualify. So like, like in the case of, you know, like a, a bridge collapse or a collapse tunnel or like daylight Stallone's movie about the, wasn't that one of the, the New York tunnels was collapsing or collapse, like I, I considered that a disaster movie.


So I'm like contradicting myself. And that's what makes this all fun. Yeah. On one end of the spectrum, the world can actually be ending. Yeah. That could be the premise. Or like you said, a little tunnel collapse. The rest of the world's just going on. Yeah. Business as usual. Exactly. Let him die. Like that guy in airplane. I don't remember that what happened. There was like a, a debate TV show, like on the news or something like that. And one was like, we need to take better care of people in the FAA has to step it up. And the other guy was presenting counterpoint and he was like, I say, let 'em die. My God. It's way funnier in the movie.


Yeah. Obviously surviving the disaster is a big part of the plot point. We know some people won't make it out alive, but usually, like most of the A-list casts will make it out alive unless they're really trying to like pull one over on you in a, in a scream sort of way. Yes. And you teased something just now, you, you, some people will definitely not survive. And one of the things about disaster movies is all you have to do is basically see one. Yeah. And the next one maybe you don't even need to see a second one. You can pick out very quickly who's going to die. Yeah. Who's going to live. And the reason why is because stereotypes are pervasive in disaster movies.


Like you have like the dumb brawny guy. Right. Or you know, a smart scientist damsels in distress. Like to this day, disaster movies are sexist. I could not come up with a single disaster movie where the hero was a woman, not a single one. In all the decades of disaster movies, it's men, most of the main characters and leads are men. Yeah. And the woman is basically there to essentially be saved and maybe help out some. Yeah. I mean, I guess more recently they may throw you a bone with like a, a woman as president, but Yeah. Then, then she's like commissioning the, the team of men too. Right. Usually solve the problem.


Good point. Right. So you know very quickly who the hero is, but there's also plenty of other people you're like, I think they're going to live. And you can really kind of cut them into three moral categories, good, bad, and redeemable. Yeah. And redeemable can be like the guys ex-wife's new boyfriend who you hate, but really, he actually turns out to be a good guy. He probably dies, but he'll die a good noble death. He could also not die and become like a sidekick. And then there's like the shady rich people, often the people who are, who are responsible for the disaster through like their greed or something like that, you know, they're going to die a, a very bad death.


And the the point is, is like, it's a really simplistic way of looking at humans. And I think that's one of the reassuring things about it that make 'em enjoyable. Yeah, for sure. And I think we would be remiss if we didn't bring up a little bit of a prickly topic for our African American listeners. It has long been a movie trope in horror movies, disaster movies or whatever, where the black characters will die. Almost certainly. Yeah. And usually first. And that has become a, a such a trope. It's become a joke and lampoon in like, you know, the parody movies and stuff. But we have to mention that. And what I'm curious about, and hopefully we'll hear from some of our listeners, if that has now become so ridiculous and crossed over to where it's now just sort of funny and expected and a movie thing and not like truly upsetting.


Right. So I'm, I'm curious how our, how our African American listeners feel about this at this point in 2025. Yeah. There's usually about as many black characters as there are women characters in disaster movies. Yeah. But like you said, similarly there often the president like Morgan Freeman or Danny Glover or something like that. Hey Man, I'd vote for Morgan Freeman. Yeah, for sure. But I heard the reason, you know, he wears those diamond studs in his ears all the time. Yeah. He, he's been rocking those for a while. I heard the reason why it's his old pirates thing where you wear some sort of jewelry or whatever, so that If you die away from home, you have enough currency or value or something on you to pay for your funeral.


That's why he does that. That's what I heard. That's incredible. Yeah. It makes you wanna vote for him even more, huh? I just want to hear that State of the union. Yeah. Whatever speech he's delivering, it would be really smooth. I was gonna try and bust out of Morgan Freeman, but I just, I think it would, I would embarrass myself. I've never tried. So it's never good to, to launch into your first attempt. Right. Live on the air. Well, Maybe we'll workshop it off air. Okay. Okay. Well, we have to talk about the hero. The hero most times is not like a typical hero. It's usually in every man kind of character who just like, like Armageddon for instance.


You know, they put together a rough and tumble team, you know, dirty Dozen style. It wasn't a bunch of like elite problem solvers. It's, they were like oil rig guys. Right. Like drillers. Yeah. They weren't even astronauts for Pete's sake. Yeah. They had to train 'em. I only saw Armageddon once. So I'm, I'm pulling a lot of this from distant memory. Yeah. I'm more a deep impact dude. Oh yeah. That's what I heard. As a matter of fact, I'm not entirely certain I've ever seen Armageddon. Eh, you know, it was okay. It was, it was fairly, you know, schlocky, big budget sort of stuff. You just described almost every single disaster movie ever made.


And the response too, your judgment of it. Almost every single disaster movie you ever made. Like they don't get you to jump off, off off the couch at the end and scream Bravo or Encore. You know what I mean? Yeah. You just kinda like 'em. They're just kind of fun. Yeah. It's, it's summer movie Popcorn Fair. I, I'd still love these kind of movies. I think there's a place for all kinds of movies and I still love going to the theater and seeing these sort of big budget. Like, it probably isn't a great film, but it might be a fun movie. Right. So within these, this structure, these constrictions people have learned over the years how to kind of play with them. Yeah. And make it make new forms of disaster films. And a really good example, I think. So we said that either a big disaster affects tons of people, or a small disaster affects a little amount of people.


Something that kind of combines the two is leave the World behind Ethan Hawk movie. I Don't know that one. Oh, it's great. Yeah. It was on Netflix. Okay. Ethan Hawk and Julia Roberts. So basically the, there's a cyber attack that just causes civilization to essentially collapse, but we're just following like two families who are kind of having to figure out what to do and what's going on and all that. I like that approach. Yeah. It was, it was definitely worth seeing. And then other ones, rather than having kind of a schlocky humor that really started to develop in the late seventies and then kind of turned into like quips I guess in the nineties.


Yeah. There's some very, very serious ones too. Like the Impossible Oh boy. Not a schlocky depiction of the, no. 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami. It's incredible Movie though. It is. It's so, it's probably the most realistic film I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. I mean, I remember, I think I remember when it came out. We might have even talked about that on the air at some point. Yeah. When we did the tsunami episode with the Yeah. How they recreated that was just harrowing. Exactly. So that's disaster films in a nutshell. And I feel like we could probably take a break here and then come back and talk about the history of disaster films. What do you think? Let's do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. Strawberry Me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy. But for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anate Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anate brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid simply slide right off Designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So unlike some other things, disaster films are one of those things you can explore and find that there's an actual beginning. And it's not like this thing developed over time. There were disaster films because there's, there's these definitions, these characteristics that you have to have. There were films along the way that just happened to have those. And the first one was deluge from 1933 where If you watch it, there's a several minutes of New York City being destroyed by a tsunami. Yeah. And it's pretty impressive for 1933. Yeah, for sure. And it also sort of, as we will see, and usually they're the schlocky ones, but you get a lot of these one word title disaster movies.


Right. Especially in the seventies. But then again, as we'll see in the nineties, resurgent things like tornado flood, stuff like that. Yeah. You put an exclamation point at the end Oh yeah. Of a natural disaster or a force of nature in your set. So I didn't know, well I didn't know any of these early, early ones, but one from 1936, it was called San Francisco. Right? Yep. And it was made 30 years after the 1906 earthquake and about that earthquake. Yes. But it's also, apparently people break into song in it here or there. So it's sometimes of course listed as a musical drama. Yeah. There's another one called Old Chicago about the 1871 Chicago fire that came in. Yeah. The 1938 Titanic apparently was a favorite subject of early disaster films and actually stayed that way over time.


Yeah. But it wasn't until nuclear anxieties really started to develop as the Cold War picked up and it was reflected in movies that people started imagining what would happen if all these nuclear weapons went off. Yeah. And that actually kind of created the first crop of what you could really point to as the earliest disaster films. Yeah. Kind of like the ones, as we know it, in the early sixties, voyage to the Bottom of the Sea was one in 61 when a a nuke powered sub, there was radiation fire coming from space. They were gonna bomb that radiation fire from below. Like anytime you're using a nuclear bomb to, you know, launch it into a disaster.


Like I feel like that's happened a couple of times at least. Sure, For sure. What else? There's the day the earth caught fire, not a good day, is it? No, that, that kind of wondered what would happen if a couple of nuclear bomb tests that happened to be carried outside simultaneously by the US and the Soviet Union, what would happen? And they said, oh well probably the earth axis would be shifted and we would be knocked out of orbit and we would start heading toward the sun that is cut and dry di di disaster plot. Yeah, for sure. Also, in the sixties we had Crack in the World. And for me, one of the great movie titles of All Time Panic and Year Zero, such a great title. It is a great title.


And then of course The Birds and Undisputed Disaster film. Yeah. I take issue with that. The Night of Night of Living Dead is listed. That is not a disaster movie. Well that's a great question because is a zombie apocalypse that a a handful of survivors have to survive and negotiate. That's an ongoing disaster. You have a group of people from different walks of life sometimes stereotype coming together. Oh yeah. Their lives intersect through this disaster. Yeah. And then they have to survive. Some people do, some people don't. There's a hero. I mean, in that sense, night of the Living Dead definitely qualifies. World War Z would qualify. No, Yeah. I think that there's like a, I mean there's room for debate there.


Like those could also be horror monster movies too. Yeah. I consider those subhs. I think as soon as you add any zombie it becomes something else. Something else entirely. That's again, these are all just my dumb opinions. Did you see Godzilla minus one? No, but I've heard a lot about it. Dude, is it garbage or great? No, it's great. Oh, okay. It has a great plot, great acting, great dialogue. And then the action sequences unbelievable. Oh, I gotta check That out Then. It's a really good movie. Again. Is it a disaster movie If you add Godzilla? I don't know. Yeah. Could make it a monster movie. Monster Movie. Yeah. Let's see what Chuck says. Chuck Monster movie. Okay.


It is officially a monster movie then. Well, you know, I did host a movie show for a couple Years. I know you did. That's why I deferred to you. That makes me an expert. The seventies is when really things start get cooking with all manner of disaster movies from things like the Andromeda Strain in 1971. You know, a Michael Creton novel. So one of his early novels, it was adapted. I tried to watch that the other day in the animal torture. I could not get past, man. That's when they just didn't care about depicting that stuff with any kind of tenderness at all, you know. Well, I stopped the movie and went and looked it up like, did they actually kill this monkey in these rats?


Did they? And no, luckily they did not. And the A-S-P-C-A was on hand and signed off on it, but what they did was they suffocated it with carbon dioxide until it passed out. Oh God. And then the moment it passed out, they cut and then they revived it. But that, that monkey was still suffering from this asphyxiation during that. Those moments where they filmed it. It's awful. Did someone do mouth the monkey resuscitation? Well, there's a, there's a, when the monkey dies, If you look closely before they cut, there's a shadow of somebody moving toward it already. Are You serious? So I think they used a little tiny oxygen mass to revive it. Oh God.


But it's, yeah, that, I mean, that makes it a little better in that they didn't kill him, but they still portrait 'em. So I couldn't finish that movie. Yeah. I don't blame you. I never saw it. But I remember that kind of as a holdover, you know, came out the year I was born. So, but I remember it just being a thing. Yeah. So, okay. Yes. You said we started off with End drama strain, right? Yeah. I mean, airport was in 1970 and that's the one that, you know, kicked off a huge, I mean it had sequels, it led to Airport 75 Airport 77, and then Concord Cola and Airport 79. Yeah. Which all eventually led to Airplane as, I mean, that had to be the first spoof, right?


Like disaster Spoof. Disaster spoof. That's as far as I could tell unless I would qualify or include Attack of the Killer Tomatoes as a disaster spoof. Oh yeah. And I'm not sure if that came out before or after Airplane. I Think it was before. But Airport was a very lauded film. It got 10 Oscar nods. It actually won. Helen Hayes won for Supporting Actress. And it, and this is something that we'll see over and over again. Most of these movies, they make a huge, huge return on, even if they cost a lot to make. Right. Like that cost 10 million bucks in 70 19 70, which was a lot. Yeah. But it brought in a hundred million dollars in 1970. Yeah. And so that really caught the attention of the studio bosses.


They're like, let's do that again. And like you said, they, there were three sequels to it. This is probably one of my favorite movie franchises. Oh yeah. Although I would, yeah. I would make the case that the sequels, at least the first two sequels are better than the original. I didn't See any of these. They're so great. I watched 70, 70 and 79 in the last 24 hours. Oh really? I love them so much. And Airport 75 is probably the best of the bunch. Alright, I'll check that out. And se airport 77 of course brings in the Bermuda Triangle because I think 1977 was Peak Bermuda Triangle paranoia. Yeah, for sure. And then that Concord, the airport 79, the Concord, it's people keep shooting missiles at it and they have to make Oh really take like evasive action.


And you're like, okay, this is definitely when the genre really started to die or died. It had already started. But one of the, one of the big things that airport kicked off, in addition to Eye Popping Box office returns, was that huge cast of like, where you recognize every single person. Especially, I mean, If you were alive at the time and an adult at the time, you would recognize everybody in there. Sometimes there were cameos. And what they were following airport was based on a novel by Arthur Haley. And he had written hotel. He, one of his things was a ton of different characters whose lives kind of intersect in this issue or this problem or this disaster.


Yeah. So basically, Arthur Haley, the novelist, inadvertently it invented the disaster film through like his format. Yeah. And you know, they movie posters back then reflected that too. 'cause I remember stuff like Towering Inferno, they would be the more artistic, like the Inferno, the, you know, the building on fire, but then like at the top of the bottom, they would literally just have like frames of people's faces of the cast. Yeah, yeah. Like just, just tagged on there. Like, look at all these all all the star power. Right. And as time went on, the, the Stars got a little schlock or Yeah. In Concord Charro makes a hilarious one minute cameo.


Oh, okay. JJ Walker is one of the major minor characters. I love it. And he smokes grass the whole time. Okay. It, it, it, I think in earthquake, which we'll talk about in a second, Walter Mattau makes this inexplicable cameo a few times where he is dressed like a seventies pimp with a curly wig and everything. Oh man. And he's drunk out of his mind. Wow. Like that's his character. That's interesting. Like, they were definitely known for cameos. But yeah, those sweeping huge casts of generally a-list and then former a-list stars, that was a, a big hallmark of disaster films that came around in the seventies. Yeah. You know, they're trying to appeal to a broad demographic.


So they would definitely bring back like some of the stars from like the golden age of Hollywood when they were in their later years would be in these like Fred Astaire was in one of them, right? Yes. He, I can't remember. I think he might've been in the towering inferno. Yeah. So, you know, they're clearly trying to appeal to all age groups. Another thing they, a lot of these had in common, at least in the 1970s, was a man named Irwin Allen. Yeah. The Master of Disaster. He came up in the 1950s, but he really hit his stride in the seventies with things like the Poseidon Adventure, aforementioned towering inferno. Each of those was the top box office hit of their respective years. Yeah. Poseidon Adventure, very famously was about a, an ocean liner that flips upside down and sinks basically.


That's Such a good movie too. So everybody is upside down on this boat, on this ship trying to, trying to get out while they're underwater. Pretty great. Yep. And it's a bunch of different people who are stereotypes from different walks of life who are led out to safety by an every man, in this case, a priest named Gene Hackman. That's not the character's name, that's the actor's name. That's, that'd be pretty coincidental that Gene Hackman played a character by named Gene Hackman. Such A brutal, tragic, very upsetting and for such a wonderful person. Yeah. Upsetting. Definitely a good word for it. Yeah. God can't stop thinking about it sometimes. You should probably try to. I think that would be for the best. I know Towering Inferno of course.


You know, we mentioned there was a fire. If you don't know this movie, you should check it out for sure. Oh yeah. It's one of, one of the good ones. But faulty wiring of course makes it catch fire. People are trapped at the top. But you've also got, you know, sometimes they can work in other mini disasters within it. And that's the case here where there's a flood scene because they're trying to douse the fire and then all of a sudden you've got a flood to, to reckon with. That's like a prestige disaster film. They, they played it straight ahead. There's no schlock to it. The cast was just amazing. And they did something that would be picked up again in like the nineties and then today's disaster films where they had two heroes. Yeah. Who kind of had to work together. One was Paul Newman, who played the architect of this 135 floor skyscraper.


Yeah. Just totally fictional at the time. Especially. Yeah. And then Steve McQueen was this fire chief and they had to work together to figure out how to, how to get the people outta this building and keep the, or que the fire Man McQueen and Paul Newman. Does it get any better than that? Not really. Maybe Paul Newman and Robert Redford. Yeah, that's been done too. Great. Ca Sance kid. Oh yeah, that was great. Okay. So yes, If you see one disaster movie, see the towering inferno. Yeah. Agreed. Earth, If you, If you wanna see one that's kind of super slacky, If you wanna go down that avenue, you could start with earthquake from 1974.


Yeah. Old Charlton Heston was in that one. People are in this case again trapped in a skyscraper once again. But this time it's an earthquake. Lot of, you know, when you see these earthquake movies, there's, they're always shaking the camera. But what's funny is If you ever see them being shot, obviously nothing is moving except the camera. So the people are all just going, whoa. Right on. Just, you know, solid ground. Yeah. It's always fun. So earthquake did not really mean to be schlocky. It just kind of ended up being schlocky. They Did a great job of doing it. Yeah. Unintentionally. And it wasn't the film that like led to the end of the seventies boom. But it was definitely one of the early signals that this is not, this party's not gonna last forever.


And it's a good movie. I watched it last night. No, I watched it early this morning. Oh man. And Charlton Heston, who's a regular in these disaster movies. He did great. Everyone did really good in it. It was just some of the premises. And then also some of the special effects. Like there's a scene where the earthquake tremors are rocking this street in LA Yeah. And they're just pushing over the facades. So you can see that it's just this cardboard facade coming down, stuff like that. And then there's a very famous elevator scene. Yeah. That's on YouTube where it drops like all the way down killing everyone inside.


But the way they show the impact is they just freeze the frame and then some animated blood splatters across the screen. For some reason it, Yeah, it looks, it looks really, really bad and is so abrupt and jarring and weird. But it's, like I said, that part is on YouTube. If you just, you know, type in earthquake. Yep. Movie elevator scene. There you go. It's So, you know, it's a good scene if someone has taken the time to clip it out and put it on YouTube. Right. Yeah. It, it is definitely worse. But, okay. You wanna take a break now and come back and talk about the end of the seventies or push on through until the nineties? Yeah, Let's maybe push on and then we'll stop at the nineties.


Okay. Sounds good. So like I said, it was kind of clear fairly early on that this wasn't gonna last forever. And it definitely did not make it out of the decade. It really kind of came to it ugly end starting around 1978. Yeah. And you know, one, one person's great disaster movie is another person's schlock. It all kind of depends. 'cause some of the ones listed here as sort of being the lazier versions. Avalanche and Meteor are not, that's not one movie. That would be pretty great though, actually. Sure. It'd be Meteor then Avalanche probably. But those are two different movies. The Hindenberg, I thought that was okay as from a being a kid and watching it, I didn't see that one.


I haven't revisited. But then Rollercoaster, I as a child, loved, loved that movie about a terrorist. Oh, I've not seen it. It's, you know, I, again, I don't know if it holds up, but it's about a terrorist that's gonna blow up a, a rollercoaster. You know, he's targeting amusement parks. So I enjoyed That. Are the people on the rollercoaster like having to go on it like, or stay on it over and over again, like it can't stop or something like that? I don't think so. But like, there's the bomber in the park and I just, you know, having these fleeting memories, it's probably terrible. But, you know, as a, you know, 10 or 11-year-old, it was great. Yeah. I gotcha. And then there's Flood with an exclamation point.


Yeah. Shout out to Laura who helped us with this, who came up with this list of lazily named Disaster movies. Kinda like they were phoning it in. Yeah. Rollercoaster isn't the best name. I'll admit That. Okay. Alright. I'm gonna watch that one though. All right. But a lot of people who think about this kind of stuff point to the Swarm from 1978 as the, the one that was like, yeah, this is over. Not only was this over, but Irwin Allen's career was over because he had not one, not two, but three disaster film flops from 1978 to 1980. And that really ended the boom. Yeah. That, that was pretty much it. The swarm kind of, I, I don't know if Nicholas Cage, if they were referencing or paying homage to that with the Bees thing later in the Wickerman, it became a very popular meme.


The Bees, Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. From Nicholas Cage. But in this movie, in the Swarm, there's a pilot that yells Bees. Bees, millions of bees. Right. And the bees take down an Air Force helicopter. Of course they do. And the way that they're overcome is somebody figures out how, I think it's Michael Kane leading the, the cast. He's the hero. He figures out that they can lead these bees out to an oil slick in the ocean and then set the oil slick on fire and no more bees. That's, Hey, I think that's a pretty decent, you know, disaster movie solution. Okay, fair enough. But I was reading a criticism of that movie by Tyler Sage, I think, on a site called Ultimate Classic Rock of All Things.


Okay. And Tyler Sage says that the cast seems either faintly embarrassed by the proceedings or confused about what's supposed to be actually happening. Yeah. I mean, that's all you need to know. Like, that's not supposed to happen in a movie, you know? No, it's not. So Alan had a, a black mark on his record with that, with a swarm. And then Beyond the Poseidon Adventure, they tried to recapture that magic in 1979. Movie released seven years later, even though it took place the very next day of the original movie. Yeah. And that was Michael Kane too, but also Sally Field. Tell Valis Peter Boyle, and like, if you're cast like that, can't keep a movie. Yeah. Like, make it good then there's something really wrong with it.


Oh, I thought you were about to say afloat. I, I almost did. And then I was like, no, Josh, do not say that. He did produce perhaps one of the worst entries, or when Allen did of the genre with, I don't think it was the Swan song, but it was definitely the end in 1980, a movie called When Time Ran Out that did have Paul Newman. It was about a volcano at an island resort. But he was very much forced into this movie because of his contract. I don't think he at all wanted to make it. They cut the budget, Warner Brothers did. So they didn't even have the money to make it look okay. And it was just, it was really bad. There's a pretty good quote in here too, right? Yeah.


The, the eruption when it finally comes is a wonderfully cheesy amalgam of wobbly back projection, bathtub, tidal wave, and scared expressions from the cast. Oh man. So then, because of all this, because these movies just got worse and worse, but then also like the high drama that was played straight, it was just ripe for parody. And like you said, airplane was the one that you really don't need to mention any other parody. Yeah. It's, it's it, as far as Yeah. Disaster film parodies go, it just completely captured it perfectly. Yeah. And that movie holds up pretty well, I have to say. It's still a fun watch. Yeah, for Sure. Okay. I think we've made it to the end of the seventies.


The first real disaster boom has come and gone and things quiet down throughout the eighties. And we'll let you think about this quietly through this ad break.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out, so you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space, whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long. And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke, or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily USA llc.


All right, we're back. And we're gonna talk about the resurgence of disaster movies in the 1990s. And I may have mentioned it on this show before, I'm not sure, but this is one of my legendary predictions, my friend, I can't remember it, but it was one of the very, very, very early nineties Disaster flicks came out. I, I wish I could have pinpointed which one it was, but I remember very distinctly at the time in college telling my friends, I was like, you watch, I was like, they're gonna start making all of these movies again just like they did in the seventies, and there's gonna be a ton of disaster movies. And it literally happened, like starting that year.


Man, did you hear that from the Ghost standing in the middle of the street? No, no, no, no. That was, she Whispered it to you. It's probably Pre Ghosts, but yes. Sharknato, Jared from Subway. Yep. Hugh Jackman and Disaster Movies. My, the only four things I've ever predicted, I don't know, I think some more are gonna come to the fore over over the coming years. Chuck Radus. It could, it could only have been one of just a few movies because I can't remember What it was. Yeah. This whole, this nineties disaster boom started and peaked and within a two year period, and it got started off you, you could say in retrospect, it was started off by Outbreak, which came out in 1995.


It's a epidemic disaster movie. Yeah. That counts. I think Most people don't point to that and say that kicked it off. It's more like they say Twister or Independence Day in 1996 kicked it off and then yes, you would definitely lump outbreak into it. But it was probably one of those two movies. Yeah, it's, there was a movie called Avalanche in 1994, so they were dabbling in that world, but it was not a big movie at all as far as like capturing attention. I think Twister for sure. And that may have been the one actually where I was like, oh man, you, because that is what I think of as like typical disaster. I don't, I know this is controversial, but I'm not sure I put Independence Day in disaster movies.


Yeah. There, there's something about when you add like zombies or aliens and stuff, it just tweaks it slightly for me from classic disaster. But again, just my opinion. Well, Okay, so even If you accept and not with an a but an Ex Independence Day from this list, then you still have Twister. I think it was Twister. I remember the entire country was talking about Twister. Yeah. It's, I famously said Emily's favorite movies of all time. Are every independent film ever made and Twister? Yeah. And I mean, it's a, it's a really good movie. Bill Paxton's amazing in it. Helen Hunt does great too. Like it's a good movie. Yeah. And one of the reasons I think that it did kick off that, that second boom in disaster movies was that you could take the, the disaster formula but then apply emerging CGI computer assisted special effects that were, at the time it was like, holy cow, we can do this now.


Yeah. Like the White House being blown up by the, the Alien Ship and Independence Day. Like you just had not seen stuff like that before. This was all very new and they were using it sparingly enough too that it didn't look fake. Yeah, for sure. It, it was like, those are really great special effects. At, at the time Twister looked really, really good. We should also mention too, I know we didn't go over this, but the, it's just now occurring to me, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Twister is also a kind of a classic disaster movie trope character, which is sort of a, a side character to the, the guy in the chair. You ever heard that? Like the, the computer expert that just literally sits in a chair the entire movie and figures stuff out.


Yeah. And usually has a smart mouth. Always. This is sort of an adjacent thing though. Philip Seymour Hoffman's character, which is sort of, he's not in a chair, but it's the wise cracking, irreverent kind of, you know, he's wearing the Hawaiian shirt when everyone else has on like tactical gear. Right. That's, you know, but super smart in figuring stuff out. Right. And I'm not sure what they call that in disaster movies, but it's their version of Guy in the Chair, I think. I Don't think people have written enough about disaster movies for anyone to name it. So call him, call him what you want A Hoffman. There you go. That's the Hoff. He was the Hoffman of the movie and maybe one of the first We gotta talk about Titanic.


It's a disaster movie, but it's got so much story in romance. It's definitely a sub genre within it. I think Bill Paxton was in that too. Yeah. RIP Man, what a great guy. Oh, I forgot he was gone. That Was so sad. Yeah, it was sad. So one of the other things too that, that fueled this nineties resurgence of the disaster boom is that these movies, some of them Titanic, independent state twister, they're among the highest grossing films of all time. Yeah. So just like in the seventies studios were like, we can spend lavishly in a production, but we're still gonna make back Yeah.


10 times or more what we put into it. So they're like, good, let's start making disaster films and very quickly after some of these really creative original disaster films you could see in theaters virtually at the same time. Yeah. Disaster films about the exact same Yeah. Topic. Yeah. That was the thing for a little while. I think I was still getting Premier Magazine at the time, and I remember they started writing about, you know, these productions being kind of out trying to out race one another to get to the box office first, maybe to their disadvantage as a production. But very famously, the, the two biggest examples, or I guess four are Armageddon and Deep Impact about a meteor striking the earth, you know, to, to basically wipe out humanity.


Right. And then Dante's Peak and Volcano, neither of those were that great No. To be. They weren't. I don't, I was Volcano with Tommy Lee Jones. Is that the one? Yeah. And, and Hesh. Yeah. RIP again. Yeah. And Dante's Peak was Pierce Brosnan and Linda Hamilton. Oh, Linda Hamilton. That's right. Yeah. And That's a really good example of like just how disaster films like minimize women and their contributions. Linda Hamilton was well known by this time as a female action star. Yeah. Like, she was in the Terminator movie. She was a total ba Yeah. Sarah Connor. Right. And, but, and in this movie, apparently she's, she's like a single mom who's totally dependent on Pierce Brosnan to help her and her kids.


She's like kind, she whimpers at times. Like, yeah, God, that's just one of the big problems with the, the genre. Like, If you can just kinda hold your nose and make it through stuff like that, then you're, you, you can enjoy them. But If you focus on things like that, you're probably not gonna like disaster films. Yeah. Agreed. What a waste of Linda Hamilton. What a shame. I gotta shout out a few more that weren't listed here from the nineties. Hard Rain. Remember that one? Christian Slater and Mini Driver? No, It was a, it was a flood movie. It's about, you know what it was, it about, it was about a very hard rain. Okay. Just won't stop Raining friend. Shout out a friend did the show. Mini Driver listened to her wonderful podcast on our own network.


Many questions. Very nice. I don't know If you remember this one, firestorm with NFL legend Howie Long? No. Yeah, that was one of the bad ones. I think he was like a forest fire, like a fire jumper kind of guy. So far these ones you're shouting out sound like riff tracks candidates. They probably are. And then also some of the one word titles. There was a movie called Tornado. There was a TV movie called Tornado Warning that Stard Gerald Gerald McCraney from Simon and Simon. Nice. I love that Guy. There was another movie called Flood, a second movie called Flood. Wow. And then there was one from 1999, which is sort of when things started to Peter out called Storm with Luke Perry and Martin Sheen.


Wow. That is, that's some nineties casting. It's a mini driver in Christian Slater that screams nineties pretty hard too. Yeah, for sure. But like you said, there's one other thing. The nineties definitely contributed to the hero scientist where it wasn't, it wasn't necessarily some, you know, tough dude. It was the guy who had the smarts to figure out how to deal with this or knew what was coming. That's another trope from disaster films. Yeah. Especially now. Usually the hero is the only one who can see the impending disaster. I told you. Yeah. No one will believe him and then he ends up having to save everybody else's tookus because no one believed him and didn't take any measures to, to thwart the disaster from happening.


Right. And once again, you were saying he, because all of these movies failed the Bechtel test. For sure. A hundred percent. And there's also a thing that popped up in the nineties, which was the, the, like the rival scientist, if there was a hero scientist, a lot of times there was an ant, well not anti-hero 'cause that's still a hero, just the anti scientist Sure. Was still a scientist. I'm clumsily working my way through this. But they, they thwart the hero. It's, you know, like usually a government scientist or something, or maybe an official and they dismiss everything like that. The, the hero scientist is saying. Right. That's a, it can also be a government official.


Very frequently they get their come up and pretty commonly in nineties on disaster movies. Yeah. What do you call like diehard? That's not a disaster movie, is It? I've seen it listed. Yeah. I guess it could be. I, to me it's just a straight ahead action film. I totally agree. But it does it Slash Christmas movie, Like you would say all the people in all the people in naca, Tommy Plaza, that's a disaster to them. Yeah. The world's going about its business as usual, but to them inside, they're in the midst of a disaster. They have to survive. I, I don't know. I think just, I don't know. I, I think so the same thing with speed in speed. Keanu Reeves, the hero was a SWAT member.


Right. Not in every person. Right. Die hard. John McClain, he's a cop. Even though he is off his beat, he's still a cop. Like the, the hero has to be some sort of every man Yeah. Who may or may not possess some special sort of skills or knowledge that help him overcome this problem. And then his medal that he may not even have known that was there is tapped and and he leads other people to safety. Yeah, for sure. But you know, as the nineties wore on with things like Luke Perry's movie, RIP once again in 99, things really kind of stopped in the wake of nine 11.


Yeah. It just wasn't something that people wanted to see for a little while. So there was, there was a lull. You knew it would come back early two thousands had a few of them here and there. There was one called the core in 2003 where the inner core of the earth ceases to rotate. And scientists once again, have to bomb it to get that thing kickstarted. Just like, like using the paddles in the er. Right. Clear? Yep. What was it? 2003? So yeah, the very next year was the day after tomorrow. And that to me is the bridge between the nineties. Yeah. Disaster films and the ones that kicked off in the 2000 tens. Agreed. It is awesome. It's got a great cast.


The scientists are the heroes. There's a bunch of different stuff going on. The world is being threatened. There's amazing special effects of things just going haywire. There's wolves. There's wolves. Yep. And then that scene of the tsunami flooding New York. Yeah. There's a shot that's the exact same shot of in deluge of the tsunami coming to New York. Oh, interesting. So I've read that. It was probably a, an homage to that. Oh, That's kind of cool. A shot. Yeah. Episode too. Yeah. 2009, it was a pretty big year. This is when they really started to come back, you know, pre 2010s with the, the movie, the Mayan calendar anxiety movie 2012 came out.


Do You remember that? Yeah. That was Roland Emrick, right? Yes. No, but I mean, do you remember living in that time where people Oh yeah. Were actually like a little nervous about It was like Y 2K light. Yeah. I mean, we did a podcast on it. We totally did. Yeah. Yeah. And if I remember correctly, we told everybody it's totally fine. Right. The Maya calm down, the Mayan calendar doesn't actually say the world's gonna end. 'cause a new calendar starts. That's right. And we're all here right now. So thankfully that came true. 2012 was not a great movie, but it did because of the, the scope of like, just the world ending. They could be, they could be like, Hey, let's just do any disaster we want anywhere, all across the World. Not a great movie.


I watched that one yesterday too. I didn't think it was very Good. Oh, I liked it a lot. I think to me, and I know you know this, but to me, 2012 is basically up there with the towering inferno as far as like best examples of a disaster film. Go. Okay, there you go. My favorite disaster film is not listed here, but it is from the 2010s as far as being an actual great, great film is Steven Solberg's 2011 film Contagion. Yeah, That is a good one. It is. I mean, it's a disaster movie, but it doesn't play like one because it is so realistically scary and doesn't have that sort of summer movie kind of schlocky appeal, but it's, it's a disaster movie for sure.


Did you like me detect a note of hostility when The medical examiner pulls g Gwyneth Paltrow's face, like roughly off of her skull during her autopsy. I don't remember That part. It seemed like they, that was gratuitous. Like they, there was like, Soderberg had a problem with Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth Paltrow. Oh, maybe So, Yeah, that was a really good movie too. And that would, that'd be an example of some of the highbrow ones that started to come out in 2010. Like, like we said, the impossible. There was a Korean one called Pandora that came out in 2007 about a nuclear meltdown, solely about Captain Chelsea Solen Berger's Landing in the Hudson River, where not one person died.


I, I didn't see that one. The plane, I should say landed a plane. Yeah, That was Hank's, right? Yeah. Yeah. He was in every single movie that was out at one point, I think. Yeah. He went through a string of playing real life characters here and there. That's right. I, some of those weren't great, but I did like the, the one about the, the Somali Pirates captain, what? Whatever his name was. Captain Hoffman. Yeah. That was it. So one of the other things that, that the 2010 Onward Disaster films did was at the very least, the studios figured out like, Hey, these are kind of like easily translated internationally.


And we don't mean the dialogues translated easily, although it definitely is. Yeah, for sure. And because everything's so morally cut and dried, people anywhere can get what they're seeing, even though it's an American made film about Americans, but also in, in these movies that are like a worldwide catastrophe, you have the opportunity to take down landmarks all over the world. So in France, they, you, they can see like the Eiffel Tower going down, they're like, woo France. You know? And then one of the other things too is because of these huge all-star casts, you can easily cast foreign actors or actors who are really big in their, the country they hail from.


And that'll up the box office too, in that country. Yeah. It's all, it's all a formula. The rock started being in a lot of these, there was one of the few movies I've ever walked out on was San Andreas in 2015 with Dwayne the Rock Johnson. I did not think it was very good at all. He followed that a few years later. You liked it. I didn't see it in theaters though. I think if I had paid 20 bucks to see it, I probably would've been upset. Yeah. And then he was in skyscraper not to be outdone by San Andreas, another not so great movie a few years later in 2018. But again, some people love all the Rocks stuff. Sure. Which is my dumb opinion. I Had a, an idea or a thought that I wanted to share.


Chuck, let's hear it about the 2000 tens boom. Okay. It didn't burn out in one decade. It's still, they're still making Yeah. Straight ahead. 2000 tens style disaster films. And I was thinking that the reason why is because there's so many more studios now putting out so many different types of movies that it, it hasn't become a glut of Soso movies. It, or even if there are soso disaster movies, there's still room to make other good ones, rather than just three or four studios going all in on disaster films for the same few years. Right. Yeah. Just spacing 'em out as, you know, like just a, something you can return to.


That's a pretty dependable release release, but not like, Hey, let's release nine of these in the next two years. Exactly. There's a wider variety. So it's been allowed to just kinda continue on and in my, I my opinion, it's gotten better. Like, leave the World Behind was really good. The Wave A Norwegian one that came out in 2016 was like, highly acclaimed. Don't look up. Did you see that? The satire from Adam McKay? Yes, I Did. It was pretty good actually. I liked it a lot. But it's, it satirizes government and people not taking climate change seriously, but it's, and it's a disaster film, but it's not a parody of disaster films. Right. It uses disaster films to satirize that stuff.


Yeah. Which is, that's an interesting take for sure. You know? You got anything else? No, I, I, I feel like I need to watch more. I didn't actually watch any full disaster films again, in preparation like you did. So this has inspired me to go back and watch some of those from the seventies that I never saw. Definitely watch Earthquake and Watch Airport. 75. 75. And I still haven't seen Towering Inferno. Oh, definitely see that too. Yeah. All right. Done. Okay, Great. Well, since Chuck agreed to see some movies that I thought he should see, we've unlocked Blist in our mail. I'm gonna call this follow up to Morgan, the Kissing Bandit. Hey, Chuck and Josh and all that help make your show awesome.


My wife and I are longtime listeners, but first time writers, my wife Jennifer. And I love having you entertain and educate us, especially on long distance trips with the family. You help keep us awake and focused with a pleasant side effect of putting our five-year-old Ben and 7-year-old Eleanor asleep. That's great. Nice. I love it when we can lull children to sleep. We live to give, We are on spring break traveling to my in-law's house right now. And during the drive, one of our episodes we listened to was Morgana, the Kissing Bandit. When we arrived at our destination, I asked my father-in-law if he remembers her since he's the biggest sports enthusiast I know. Get this dude. He said, of course he sees her all the time because she lives down the street. What You ended your podcast with a mention that you didn't know she was still alive and what happened to her, and we wanted to let you know she's still alive and enjoying retirement with a full life.


That is awesome. And Cherry on top. This is written to us by John Ritter. Wow. My mind is coming apart at the seams right now, Chuck. Yeah. Maybe Best listener mail ever. So big hello to John Ritter and your wife, Jennifer, and Ben and Eleanor. Yes. Hello and happy travels to you guys. And hats off to your dad too, for knowing Morgana, the kissing Bandit. Yeah. And hats off to Morgana. I'm glad you're, I'm glad you're doing great. Hopefully this message gets to you. Yes. This message brought to you by John Ritter. If you wanna be like John and get in touch with us, you can send us an email, send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No Rabbit Holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank, capital one, NA member DIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.