
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh And there's Chuck. And there's Jerry. And this is Stuff You Should Know. And I have to say we didn't have the most auspicious start just now. Chuck, I stepped on you at the countdown for us to sink. That's not a good sign. Don't you think that's not a good sign? I think If you look at it another way, we were in sync 'cause we were both kind of trying to say the same thing That, wow, that was a silver lining. How's that? There's not been any better NSYNC since Lance Bass and Justin in Timberlake.


We're running around together. We should preface this, by the way, we're doing an episode today on MI six, the United Kingdom's Secret Intelligence Service. Is that how you pronounce it? MI six. What do you say? Mix. That's what I've been saying in my head at least. Oh no. Yeah, that is an inauspicious beginning then for sure. But you know, this is a little at risk being a little disjointed because If you kind of went down every rabbit hole that we speak about here, we'd be here for days. Oh yeah. One of the things that lets us off the hook though, that I found, and I'm sure Kyle who helped us with this, we had our, our man in Britain.


Yeah. To make him an agent and US officers. That's right. Because he was giving us intel on MI six. If you go and just start researching it, especially If you just type in MI six, they've done a pretty good job of keeping search results pretty sanitized. Yeah. Like I would say out of the top 20 results two are not official MI six pages. So it's kind of hard to research 'em, especially considering they've only been publicly recognized as actually existing since the mid nineties. Yeah. 1990s. That is, they were the, they are the oldest operating continuously that is operating foreign intelligence gathering organization anywhere in the world.


And like I said, they, they're, you know, if you're American you can think of MI six as sort of their CIA and in fact our own CIA was born out of, not out of MI six, but they had a lot to do with how we did things. Yeah. We used them as a kind of a model. Yeah, There you go. That's a very clean way to say that. So there's two things that MI six does and that really does kind of get it across. They're like the Britain's equivalent of the CCIA A, or better yet, the CIA A is America's equivalent of MI six. Yeah. So they gather intelligence and they gather internationally abroad. There's also MI five, which you could say is roughly equivalent in the US to the FBI.


They do domestic stuff, but MI six is concerned about everything else in the world. And by gathering intelligence they usually use two methods or they, they gather, yeah. Two methods. One's human intelligence, which is good old fashioned spying using people who are secretly spying on their own governments or whatever. And then the other signal intelligence, which is intercepting communications. And I saw that another intelligence firm, I guess in the uk, the government communications headquarters, GCHQ, they seem to do most of the signals intelligence while MI six still does most of the human intelligence. Yeah. But I think like if they, they capture an email or something, they don't just delete it 'cause they don't do signals intelligence, they're still gonna use it.


Right. Not my office delete. Right. Not my job. We call them MI six. The, the official name, like I said at the beginning is the Secret Intelligence Service or the SIS, that's what they became in 1920. But we call it MI six because that was the call sign that they adopted in World War ii. And you know, let's be honest, people hear MI six and they identify it with intelligence a lot because of Ian Fleming and James Bond and LA Car and Smiley. A couple of, you know, in James Bond's case, maybe thinly veiled literary figures.


I'm not sure about Smiley, I don't know much about LA Car. Is it smiley based on someone that you know of? I dunno. I, my dad was big time into John LA but I never have been. Is it Lare? I, I don't know. I've heard it. I think it's probably both ways. I mean, unless you're his mom. I'm sure there's just one way to say if you're his mom, but you know, he's dead, he doesn't care. How about Lee Carey? No. Perfect. But if, like you said earlier, you know, it's kind of challenging to gather intelligence on MI six as a podcaster because for the longest time they would just destroy any documents they had that, you know, weren't still useful to them. They weren't like, Hey, let's keep this on file.


'cause one day somebody might ask for this and maybe want to see it. They'll be like, no, we don't need that anymore and we're a secret organization, so let's just throw it in the old burner. And in the 1960s they started officially keeping historical records and then eventually in the two thousands for their 100th anniversary, they hired a guy named Keith Jeffrey to write its history up to 1949. Yeah. And apparently even still today, that's where their official history ends. 1949. Yeah. Anything after that, don't ask Jack or else they'll take you somewhere and and render you. Yeah. Politely They will.


So we should probably say that MI six started and I think we, when we did our Kim Philby episode Yeah. I said that MI six stood for the Ministry of Intelligence, but it actually is military intelligence, which is I think, like you said, what it grew out of originally. But the whole thing started, there was a scare, a German spy scare in Great Britain in the turn of the last century. Germany was this imperial power that was rising. So there was reason to be scared of them, but really the whole reason came down to this guy named William Leue. He was a totally made up adventurer soldier of fortune who was just as patriotic as you could get.


He made up this huge backstory for himself to give himself legitimacy. Yeah. But really he was just weaving these yarns saying essentially that Britain is sleeping right now and it's loaded with German spies and if we don't wake up, we're gonna get taken over by Germany. And it just hit this perfect nerve in the British public, so much so that it directly led to the formation of what would become MI six and MI five. Yeah. All in unison. They heard this and went, well we can't have that. So they got going. The Secret Service Bureau is who originally housed both including MI five. And they were pretty important, you know, AKA, the bureau known as the bureau because they had complete autonomy and they also had plausible deniability.


So they would sort of act as a go-between if there was a, a government official doing some, you know, s spy business, the bureau could step in and kind of provide cover as a screen for them. Yeah. And apparently even though they're, they're now publicly acknowledged by the government as existing, that hasn't changed very much still today. Like they do not, you can't as a government official go to MI six and be like, I demand these records of your torture program in the Iraq war. Right. And they'll just say, we don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. You we're not even having this conversation. And that's, that's what they don't have the kind of political and legal hamstringing that the CIA has.


It's much less of a bureaucracy. And so they can do things that say like the CIA legally couldn't do. Right. They have a lot of legal cover in Great Britain. Yeah. I wonder what their version of FOIA is. Like A Freedom of Information Act request. Or even if they even have that or if they're just like, Hmm, sorry, don't ask. Yeah. They just call it fo. Right. Oh boy, I wish that was a man. If we had written that out as a comedy duo, it couldn't have been more. Perfect. Thanks. I think we did really good too. Yeah. So let's talk a little bit about their first chief, sir Mansfield Cuming. It was pretty much a one person show at the beginning of the operation and coming Was that guy staffed fully, you know, with gentleman as they called him?


If you were a woman at the time, you might get work as a typist or a secretary, but although that would change in not too long after, but yeah, Just give it like 50 years. Yeah, Exactly. I guess so. But he was sort of a, the kind of guy you, you would make a movie about. He was a race car driver, he was a pilot. He could drive a boat with a plum. He loved Spycraft. He was, he got into it, he signed off his C for his last name. He apparently he wrote in Green Ink, which his successors have continued doing today, riding in that green ink. And they're all called C too. It's the, it's the title for the chief of MI six. Yeah, exactly. And they, it was like, like m and q, like all those things from James Bond.


Like most of those things are real. They use numbers and letters and it's not just made up for fictional purposes. No. In Q that was the scientist who would come up with all these amazing, amazing devices and gadgets and everything. And as we'll see, MI six has gotten way more talkative publicly. They're trying to like, kind of recruit more and more people. So they're giving, you know, interviews even though their names are anonymous. And one of them said like, they, we have those gadgets, but they're even better than what James Bond has. Right. And they was just like, really? Yeah. So this guy coming, he had an incident in 1914 where he earned, this probably sounds like lure to me, but he had a car crash in France in 1914.


Very sadly, his son was killed. And this is how he lost his left foot. And the reason the lore was so important was because the legend was the only way he escaped was by amputating that foot himself. Sort of like, who was the guy in real life that they made the, Danny made the movie about. Oh yeah. That was stuck in the rock. I don't remember his name, but yeah. Yeah. But supposedly he, you know, as the story goes, he cut off his own foot with a pin knife just to escape. I think just the fact that people, that, that became a legend around him says a lot about who he is. Oh, totally. If I were in a car wreck and I lost my foot, no one would create a legend that said I cut my own foot off of a pen knife to escape.


Like, it just, he just wouldn't make that up. Yeah. No one would believe it. This guy, at least it was believable. Yeah. Legend had his, has it Josh Whaled and cried for hours until the ambulance finally arrived and they said, You know, you could probably just have backed out of this thing on your own. Right. And they're like, it's really just gonna bruise is All right. So there's one other thing. There's, there's a lot to talk about. Like you said, the guy could definitely deserve his own movie if it hasn't been made multiple times already. But one of the other legendary things associated with him is like he was really into spycraft. Yeah. Like he came up with disguises. He would like disguise himself and go walk around London and see if any of his people would recognize him.


And he was, I don't wanna say obsessed, but he was really into the idea of invisible ink. And he searched high and low to find a good invisible ink that couldn't be detected through standard methods. I don't know who came up with this idea, but somehow it came around that semen can be used very effectively as an invisible ink. And I saw that the, somebody put it, the supply is renewable. Yeah. So he must have just searched high minlow, Right? Yeah. Renewable there, there's some, I mean it gets a little grosser. Should we even cover this in more detail? Yes. Okay.


Apparently he had a colleague that reported about the man in one of our men in Copenhagen stocked it in a bottle for his letters. And it stank so bad that they had to tell him that a fresh operation was necessary for each letter. Wow. Yeah. We had to say that. And he said, no problem. He, yeah, exactly. Wow. Thank you. Yeah, exactly. So you wanna take a break or you wanna dive into World War I era? Let's take a break. That's a good little table setting. So we'll come back and talk about, talk about World War I right after this.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anaba. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet-friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So by the time World War I rolled around, what was it, 1911 I think, I'm sure I'm wrong and we're gonna get a bunch of emails. But let's just say for sake of argument, it was 1911. This is just a couple years after the, the bureau was formed and ING was, you know, running around doing his thing. But by this time he'd Yeah. Writing letters with invisible ink all over the place. Yeah. By this time though, he cultivated some, some sources already in Germany. He had one guy named B, he was C and this this, this first source was B who would report on, you know, comings and goings on the coast and the harbor and their ship sizes and how many ships were in their fleet.


And although they totally dropped the ball on Germany invading neutral Belgium, which was a big deal. Yeah. They still managed to give them a lot of like really important intel that basically proved the idea that that Britain could really use a MI six or something like it. Yeah. I mean it seemed to be, the way I read this was like these are just sort of the baby steps. They didn't have like kind of the authority they would have later on and they were kind of sussing out how valuable they might be. So they were just sort of getting established after World War I was when they were fully established as the SIS, but they were, you know, they were monitoring Russia trying to keep them in the war.


They were like, what are the Americans thinking right now? What's going on in the Oval Office? 'cause we'd like to bring them into the war and they were doing yeoman's work, you know, providing, you know, the kind of stuff you would see in like the great escape, even though that was World War ii. Like if you're a POW, you might get a map in a compass smuggled into you. Stuff like that. Trying to foil bombing plots and things like that. So they were excited like, you know, what do you think of us now? How are we doing? And apparently good enough to be official after the war. Yeah. So by the time the inner war period comes along the twenties, thirties, they, well there were some more legendary people.


This is a time where it was just like the Wild West in Great Britain as far as spy crafts and intelligence goes. And there's this one guy who's definitely worth mentioning. He was a early agent and we should say most people call anybody who would be working for MI six an agent with the CIA. You'd be correct with MI six. You'd be wrong. An agent as far as MI six is concerned is one of those sources who has turned turn code on their country and is supplying MI six with secrets. Right. That An agent, like a double agent Agent, yeah. Agent or just a plain old agent, a double agent would be somebody who is actually spying for their country. But posing as a spy for MI six, this is just a plain old agent officers are the people who are employees of MI six that run and handle agents in the field.


Right. So that would make Cyril Bertram Mills an agent. Correct. Yes. That's what I was getting to. Alright. So before World War ii, this guy was a circus director and he ended up working for MI six for about four decades known only to his family, you know, for doing this work because as a circus director he could get in a little by wing plane and he could fly all over the place undercover of doing circus business. I don't think he was like standing on the plane and eating a banana like on the wings of the plane or like doing tricks. But he had to get around as a, as a circus guy. And this was pretty good cover.


And he had some pretty dangerous missions with these flights as well, right? Yeah. There's a couple where he was giving like MI six, like really valuable intelligence from flying over like aircraft factories in Germany. Apparently there was a one particular piece of information, or I guess a bunch of information that really formed a good picture of the size of j Germany's Lu Wafa their Air Force. Yeah. And Winston Churchill apparently used that to decide whether he was on the side of appeasing Hitler or fighting Hitler. And I guess because of the buildup of this air force, he was like, we can't let this guy keep continuing.


We, so he was against appeasement thanks largely to Bertram Mills intel that he was directly giving him. Yeah. And this was, you know, this is dangerous work. He wasn't just flying around. I think in 1936, which was the year he started the Nazi courts executed by decapitation, usually with an ax six spies that were caught. So he had a lot on the line as a circus director, but he was doing it for I guess, love of country. Yeah. And a circus director is understating it. He was known as king of the modern circus. Like he was a really big deal outside of his spying activities. It would've astounded anybody who had ever heard of him that he was a spy.


Yeah. I think circus director fit better on a card than king of the modern circus. Right. It's probably he And he was an understated guy, you know, he didn't, he wasn't flamboyant. No, there you go. Yeah. It would've been one of those things where it starts out normal, but as it gets closer to the edge of the card, they start cramping letters together. Right. Like a poster made for elementary school. Right. For the science fair. Exactly. What happens with vinegar and baking soda. Yeah. I still do that sometimes when I have to. I don't, I'm not great at spacing like that. It has to do with your brain, I think spatial awareness and stuff. Yeah. I'm not that good at it either. Don't worry. Alright, good. So for a long time, not a lot happened.


And then World War II broke out and World War II by this time, remember MI six had proved its medal and worth in World War I. He had a whole decade or two where it just kept proving its worth. And so by the time the the war broke out, you would think that, that they would be totally ready for this. But I don't know if it caught them off guard or they were just allowed to kind of be pruned in, in peace time. I don't know. But it took them a minute to get their footing and regenerate int inte like human intelligence networks in Europe. But they apparently got their footing fairly quickly and were very successful in a, in basically generating a lot of intelligence coming out of different countries, including occupied countries in Europe during World War ii.


Yeah. It seems like that was the slower part where we know they did a lot better, was at Bletchley Park with their signals intelligence. You know, we talked about the code breaking and Alan Turing and the, what was it, enigma Machine. Yes, That's right. Some great episodes from our distant past, but they were, they were kind of crushing it over there. They did finally during this period start to have some women working there that were not just secretaries. There was, there was one overseen by a woman named Kathleen Pedigree Communications, at least between home and field agents. She was very proud of her work and said I was basically Miss money Penny, but with more power.


Yeah. She was the chief at the time, secretary and he imbued her with enough power to run a program. So a lot of people say she was probably the inspiration for Ian Fleming's, miss Money Penny, who James Bond used to like to flirt with. I think a lot of people from this age were like, I'm basically am or I'm Q or I miss money venue. Right. My dad used to go around telling people he was q Are you serious? No. Oh, I would've been so embarrassed. Oh, well see, that was a tough one. I'm giving myself a break there because I believe in almost anything you tell me about your dad. Yeah, It's true. The herbal Elvis. Yeah. Yeah. And speaking of Q it turns out that, so they, they work, they did kind of develop devices, like you said, figuring out ways to hide compasses and maps to get to POWs in World War I.


But the idea of their research and development and technology branch that produced someone like Q that we all, who know the James Bond movies are familiar with, that actually came from them absorbing a rival agency that was developed in World War ii. That MI six did not like one bit at first the special operations executive or the ministry of un gentlemanly warfare. Yeah. It seemed like, and I I may just be like teenage boy this thing, but it seemed like they got under MI six's skin because they got to do more fun stuff. Yeah, For sure. Like kind of more dangerous ops went to them and MI six were like, you know, we've been around a while and these are, they, I think they thought of them the way Kyle put it as dangerous amateurs.


But then they started saying, but you gotta take us along at least. Well, yeah, I mean they definitely did have the fun stuff curtailed because MI six had a, a department called D section and D stood for destruction. Like they were supposedly perfectly capable of doing sabotage. I don't know enough about World War ii, British military history to understand why they felt a special operations executive was needed or if somebody just managed to have enough power that they developed their own thing and it just became the SOEI don't know. But eventually MI six prevailed, especially after World War ii and they absorbed the special operations executive, including a lot of their really interesting useful stuff like their research and development group that produced people like Q Yeah, I got the feeling and maybe we'll get a a real, you know, British history buff that can let us know.


But it sounded to me like a Churchill directive, kinda like, I know we've got our, our section D in MI six, but we need a really super secret special saboteur team and like let's create one. Right. Everybody was waiting for that last part. Yeah. That's kind of what it sounded like. But back to Q that was based again on a real person and I think we said, but Q stands for quartermaster and this guy was Charles Frazier Smith and he was the one that made like literal miniature cameras inside cigarette lighters and steel shoe laces to, to choke someone out with Yeah. Go Out and A cigarette holder telescope.


Kyle said that these weren't, as, were a little more humdrum, but I think a, a bullet shaped device to stick up your butt that holds vital information. Maybe humdrum, but it's pretty useful. I'll bet it doesn't feel humdrum going in. Yeah. It depends on what kind of bullet too. For sure. Yeah. So I mean there, there's a lot of what we understand about MI six and like the movies and all that. It, it does apparently bear some resemblance because I don't know if we said or not, Ian Fleming worked for MI six during the war, during World War ii. So he had firsthand knowledge about all this stuff, which is why there are real life people who these characters were based on.


So our understanding of what MI six does and has at its disposal and the way it runs is not that far off. But one of the big differences I saw was the idea of a lone loose can and running his own operations out there is totally incorrect. It's just backwards. I've seen current employees say like, that guy wouldn't even make it through the door. Like he would get vetted out so quickly that, that he wouldn't even have a chance. You need somebody who's not a loose cannon. Yeah. You rather than solo missions, apparently. It's all teamwork. Yeah. And it's not one person coming up with one giant piece of information.


Like there's a super villain who's created a a a a layer at the bottom of the sea that you're gonna shoot nuclear missiles from. Of course that usually doesn't come up in one big package. It takes thousands of people to work together to piece little pieces of information and then go back and double check and triple check with other sources whether those pieces of information are correct. And then eventually you create a whole picture and you hope hope that it's true and accurate. Yeah. And you hope there's a secret layer Right. With like trained sharks in a moat That you can get a membership to. Yeah, Exactly. So speeding along up to the Cold War, we are now at a place where like the USA, the Cold War was, was dominated in MI six by, by the Soviets and communism, the spread of communism agents, double agents, secret agents, triple agents.


They were, they were doing the same work. We were, they partnered up with the CIA in 1948 again, which was modeled on MI six. And they were trying to sort of, at this point balance intelligence with covert actions. 'cause it wasn't like an act of war. So they had to approach it differently. And they said that at the time there were a couple of different types of, I guess what officers working there. Yeah. Almost an agent, but Moscow men who are apparently very careful and, you know, gathering that intelligence and then camel drivers who were people they would send in to like on the ground in the field at a local place to ally themselves with locals to maybe mountain insurrection or something like that.


Yeah. And I'm guessing the camel drivers came from the special operations executive heritage, because that's exactly the kind of gorilla. Yeah, totally warfare. Totally. The s oe en engaged in, in, in World War ii. So I'm guessing that's how that survived into the, the Cold War. Yeah. And of course, because it's the Cold War, a lot of the, the intelligence that these Moscow men were gathering was like, Hey, we're not at war, but in case something happens, we know that they've got these air fields, they've got this many tanks, this many soldiers on the ground that could move here in this amount of time. So, you know, it was sort of a readiness operation at that point. Yeah. And not just like, okay, we, we, they have a huge stockpile of these weapons.


The, the opposite could be just as valuable too. Like actually they don't have that many missiles. Right. So all this bluster about them blowing the UK into the ocean is actually full of hot air. So we don't need to be quite as scared about it. Yeah, good point. Yeah. And that's, I mean, that's really important too. But like you said, also, I mean, they got caught maybe a little off guard with World War ii. I get the impression that they didn't let that happen during the Cold War. They were still keeping up with the Soviets like capabilities. I think what else made it easy too is you had one nation really to spy on the Soviet Union as a whole. It was massive and it's, it was made up of what are now a bunch of independent nations.


But at the time you had one big enemy rather than today where you have like terrorism, non-state, bad actors you like, it's just much more dilute. Whereas before it was like, those guys, those are our enemy. That's who we need to spy on. Yeah. Train all ears toward Moscow, basically. Yeah. So they were also still recruiting intelligence officers, you know, to, to use on their side, and this is, did I read this right? The KGB, their acronym, mice stood for money, ideology, coercion, and Ego. Were they identifying people within their own ranks that might be, you know, susceptible to being turned? I'm sure you could apply to that.


But the impression I had is that was just how they decided if somebody was worth approaching to recruit as a spy for them. Oh, okay. But it could cut both ways I Guess. But it would apply. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So if you're recruiting people, that's one way to do it. You can flatter them, make them just be like, this person clearly wants to feel like they're important or helping their country or something like that. You can have stuff that to blackmail them with. Apparently MI six is more than willing to blackmail agents into working for them. Bribery is another one too. That's how a lot of very famous and prolific spies have been brought on to being a spy is just getting paid.


Although in the end, when you, when they're being executed, you're like, you did all this for $300,000. Really? Yeah. You know, it just never quite adds up. And it's like, and also it's like $300,000 over like 12 years or something like that. It just, I never quite get it. So maybe there's like, they're really in it for the thrill. The money was just the extra bonus. I don't know. Yeah. They'd be like, why don't you just try scratch off tickets? Right. If, If you wanna make 40 grand a year for the next 15 years. That's right. And then another gambit is called the dangle. It's not dirty, it's just this way of getting somebody to spy for you. Oh, okay. Or, Or actually it's a way of creating a, a double agent like you were talking about.


So that's when you recruit somebody, but for the purposes of exposing them. Right. So a dangle is where you say, like you, you have somebody in Moscow that you've turned into an agent for you, you try to make them attractive to say the kg b ah, to recruit them as a spy. So now you have a double agent working inside. Okay. And is that, who is that how they got Oleg Kosky? I don't know. Is that a d He came to them. No, he, he came to them, he became disillusioned with the Soviet Union and he is like, I, I think I'm gonna start helping the, the uk. Oh, okay. Because he worked with both MI six and CIA.


And again, this is during the Cold War. So he was one of the key players in sort of getting, or I guess getting and giving information on Soviet missiles in Cuba during the Cuban missile crisis. Yeah. Which is pretty useful as a matter of fact. Yeah. Yeah. He was hugely helpful just over like 18 months. And then he was caught and executed. But I think at that time he, he gave up 5,000 photos of Soviet documents to MI six. Yeah. And You know, you mentioned the ccia a earlier, having sort of more legal hands being tied than they do apparently in the Cold War. And who knows, maybe this still happens today, but if there was a CIA officer that couldn't get something done on the down low that was maybe untoward or violent or illegal, they could call MI six and say, Hey, we can't get this done, could you?


Right. And they say yes. Yes. Wait, can you say, I can't do a very good British accent? Yes. Very nice. Oh, that was Murray from New Zealand again. Yeah. Almost always is. Oh, well. So I say we take a break and we come back and talk about one of the most thrilling moments in MI six history.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and get This, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Are you talking about Oleg Gordievsky? Yes, that's exactly who I'm talking about. A KGB Colonel. That's right. Apparently this guy. And this is how you can, you know, get someone on your side from the, or at least at the time from the that side is that they really like western culture. Yeah. The Cowabunga lifestyle. Yeah. They're like a really, like, I don't know, American sports and music and fashion. Then that could be enough. And apparently he was on assignment in Copenhagen and they were like, this guy loves western culture and he might be worth, you know, getting in touch with. And sure enough, it actually worked.


I don't know where they'd fall in the mice acronym. Money ideology, coercion, ego taste, Maybe ideology and ego. I don't Know. I'm not sure. But yes, he, he, he definitely turned, but he was caught. He was found out. So he was, he became the station chief for working out of the embassy as a KGB agent in London. So he was able to actually kind of easily pass secrets to the Brits because he was there already. He was found out by Aldrich Ames, who was a famous American traitor who spied for the Soviets in I think the eighties, or he was maybe even into the nineties.


And he told them about gordievsky spying for the Brits. Gordievsky was not immediately jailed, which is weird. He was definitely taken back to Moscow and held like basically under surveillance. But he was going to be jailed. He was going to be executed. Yeah. So he started what had been planned seven years before and named Operation Pimlico. And by, by standing in a Moscow bakery or outside of a Moscow bakery holding a, a plastic Safeway bag. He was signaling MI six, like get me outta here right now. Yeah.


And he said, how am I gonna know if you've gotten the message? And they says, well, how about this? A man's gonna walk by you carrying a Herod's bag. And then he said, that could be anybody. Right. And he said, all right, how about this carrying a Herod's bag and eating a Mars candy bar. Right. And he said, I guess that narrows it down enough. Yeah. Which is really showing off. 'cause I think you could trade a Mars bar for a car in Moscow in 1985. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's a good point actually. At least that's what they told us in school. Yeah, exactly. They don't have toilet paper either. Right. So he evaded surveillance was making a run for the finished border, and MI six grabbed him and put him in a car trunk.


But they have like, you know, sniffing dogs, inspecting cars and things. So they had the brilliant idea to change a poopy diaper on the trunk of the car that he was stuffed inside. And apparently it Worked. Yeah. Those dogs were like, oh God. And just went back to their post. No, thank you. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? So then they, they got him across the finished border. Finland is neutral and he was safe. But I mean, like that is real deal spy stuff, you know? Oh Yeah, for sure. Like holding a Safeway bag. That's awesome. The Mars bar. I love every part of that. So he actually, he was actually tried in absentia and sentenced to death Yeah. By the Soviet Union.


But he had defected to the UK and they protected him. And he died an old man, I think age 86 last March at his home in, in Great Britain. Incredible. Yeah. They never got ahold of him. No, but one thing that we really should say, and I was kind of touching on it earlier, one of the really valuable things he provided was he could understand the state of mind of the Soviet government and Soviet military. And he fed this information to the UK to MI six who turned around and said, Margaret Thatcher. Ronald Reagan, you guys need to tone down this evil empire rhetoric. Right. Because you are scaring the Soviet so bad. Yeah. Fan the Flames.


They're, they're plotting a, a first strike because they think you are going to strike out of nowhere. So you actually might trigger a first strike from the Soviets If you keep talking like this. And as a result, they really dialed it back quite a bit. Yeah. He said, he said, have you seen more games? Yeah. He's like, that could happen In that sense, he kind of saved the world. Yeah. I think that's great. Yeah. I think saving the world is totally great. I'm all for it. If we're talking about modern times, and you mentioned the nineties is when things sort of went official, and that was 1994. They officially went public due to the 1994 Intelligence Services Act.


And basically this had happened to MI five in 1989 and it, it's kind of seemed like they had to kind of bring in some bureaucracy for legal reasons among others. They, the, the staff of MI five and I guess later MI six wanted better legal basis for things like tapping phones. They had to be, be a little little more on the up and up. I think that it was, the European Court of Human Rights said that If you're an intelligence service, you have to have legal footing and a complaints system. So like you, you have to become official for all this stuff to be official. Right.


There's so, so that law that essentially acknowledged that there was such a thing as MI six back in 1994, it had a section called Section seven. And it basically said if one of our agents is off running around committing crimes in another country that they could be tried for back in the uk, they cannot be held liable for that. They'll never be tried for this. Yeah. And some people have taken that as admission that there's such a thing as a license to kill. And that makes sense. I mean there, there, apparently there is a new law that's being talked about right now and is making its way through the Supreme Court there that basically says yes and pretty much murder too.


We're not gonna try them for murder. And it actually extends to agents too. Oh, okay. So if somebody murders somebody for MI six and then they defect to the uk, the UK's never gonna try them for that murder. So it's a lot. So people are like, that's a license to kill. And I saw an agent say on I think A PBS or BBC documentary, A License to Kill doesn't make any sense. Like if you're in another country and you kill somebody there, like when the cops come, you're not gonna show 'em your license to kill and they'll let you go. Like, this is not, you're breaking that country's law. You've murdered someone in that country. Yeah. You're toast If you get caught. Yeah. So there is no license to kill, but Symbolic, perhaps, perhaps These laws essentially kind of potentially give it something like a license to kill.


Yeah. But you just don't whip out your double O card. No, No. The other things that happened in 1994 as far as organiza the organization goes is they were the, the chief was, well, I was about to say exposed technically. That's right. But they voluntarily said, all right, we, we have to be official now here's who our chief is. They moved offices to some fancy headquarters on the, on the Timms designed by Terry Ferrell. It's a very secure sort of secretive building. And you know, it's, while they did go public, you know, technically it's still MI six and they still have a culture of secrecy because of what they do.


It's not like, you know, they just sort of made things, some things a little more public to make things official, I guess. Right. That, that building too. It is secure, but it was blown up. Not once but twice. Well, not blown up the first time it was attacked by the IRA, they shot an anti-tank rocket launcher at the building on September 20th, 2000. And that building just like shook it off immediately, did like, it did almost no damage to it whatsoever. And really kinda showed just how crazy reinforced that building is. But it suffered a much different fate in James Bond's Skyfall, where it blew up.


Oh, was that with that building? Skyfall Was good. Yeah, it was, as a matter of fact, Quite liked it. I'm curious what's gonna happen next with that franchise? Did Yeah. They haven't named any James Bond yet. I don't think so. And they, they sold, you know, the, the Broccoli family I think sold, sold everything. Oh really? To, oh God. It may have been Amazon even, I don't know. Wow. Not sure. Wow. But We'll see. Well if it's not Idris Elba, I'm gonna be really surprised. Yeah. They've been talking about him for years. That, that would be too good to be true. They're no one's smart enough to do that in, in movie making. Yeah. I don't have great faith. We should talk a little bit about the more modern day stuff because you know, starting in the early two thousands leading up to the Iraq war in 2003, obviously they were gonna be working with hunting down terrorists and maybe weapons of mass destruction.


And that was one of their big black eyes actually was bogus information that got through apparently, you know, it wasn't vetted like it should have been. And that was one of the reasons that the US and the rest of the world got and believed bad information about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Yeah. It said that that is the lowest moment in MI six history since Kim Philby was discovered as a traitor in, in longtime spy. Which is really saying something if you've heard our episode on Kim Philby, but I would say that this was even much, much worse because of how many people died in the Iraq war. Yeah. And the reason why it was such a big deal, this bad intelligence, is because the US and the UK essentially made a pact like we're going to invade Iraq together to topple this, this regime.


We, we just want to get rid of Saddam Hussein. That's not legal. If Saddam had weapons of mass destruction, now it's legal under basically international law. So they really went to a lot of trouble to try to find anything that suggested that. And in the end they just relied on these sources that just were totally untrustworthy. And I don't remember where we talked about it, but one of the sources that, that the US and the UK were relied on to invade a rock with said they have weapons of mass destruction. They keep 'em in these glass canisters and in these like little glass balls and the glass balls are green. Yeah. And Nicholas Cage protects them with Sean Connery. Yeah.


I mean learned people sus really genuinely suspect that that could have been misinformation based on the rock. Yeah. And that the, the handful of British ministers and politicians who saw this intel had not seen the rock apparently and it just didn't ring any bells if they had seen it. Well they had better taste than that I guess. So it wasn't that good. But you know, it was okay If you want just like a a, you know, shoot 'em up bang kinda thing. Action movie I guess. Yeah. It's all right. Yeah. So today MI six, they're realizing openly in interviews and stuff that they really need to start keeping up with technology because, because of like facial recognition and surveillance states like that China has Yeah.


And the uk it's basically impossible to create an agent somewhere. Like human intelligence is really hard to do now, especially In China. Yes. Yeah. And apparently they're starting to use AI to run scenarios and situations to predict how somebody will behave in different situations. That's a new one they're starting to do too. So I don't know how ahead of the curve they are. And it sounds to me a little bit like they're behind the curve, but at least they're realizing they need to, they need to wake up and and smell the hard drives. Sorry, I thought you were gonna say English breakfast tea, but Oh, that's even better. So, so we just edit that in. But you say it Beijing, Mr. Herman.


Right. So the, you know, the other obvious thing as far as modern day recruitment goes, it's not like the old days where they would just sort of source someone out and very, you know, quietly have someone walk by and drop a note on their dinner table that says, are you interested in a job? You know, come by this office tomorrow alone. That kind of thing. It's a modern organization now with, you know, job listings and things like that. Again, still very secretive in a lot of ways, I'm sure in what they do. But they, you know, starting in 1994 is when they really were brought into the sort of modern era. It's a little less James Bondy and just a little more, you know, fill out this application and we'll do our background checks.


Right. It is still risky though, is is, I can't remember what year it was in the 2000 tens. I believe there was a code breaker for MI six named Gareth Williams who was found dead in his bathroom inside a tote bag that was locked from the outside. Yeah. That's hard to do on your own. But that, wouldn't that be excuses like he did this himself. Either that or that it was like a sex game gone wrong and the partner like took off, freaked out and took off. I think that's the official explanation. But there was a former KGB agent who came forward in 2015 and said, no, that guy was they, the Russians tried to recruit him and he said no. And so they killed him. Hmm.


I wonder if it was a sex game gone wrong and they just were extracting Invisible Inc. Oh my God. I think that's a pretty good way to wrap up this episode. If not have wrapped it up 30 seconds before you said that. Agreed. Well, since we both agreed that this episode is wrapped up, then that means it's time for listener mail. Yeah, this is a co I'm got a couple of two Parters on these next ones about disaster films. 'cause boy we heard from a lot of people that really enjoyed that one and these two are from Maria and Kirk. Hey guys, loved the Disaster movie. But I'm surprised you didn't mention the movie Testament. I haven't, I have not heard of this Maria, but I'm gonna check it out.


It's from 1983 by Lynn Litman starring Jane Alexander, one of the few with a female lead closest thing to a hero in this post apocalyptic movie and one of the few directed by a woman you were focusing a more escapist action disaster type things. But you did mention a few that were a little off the radar. So I thought I would mention this one. And another one that you could have mentioned that was a little off the radar was Melancholia a pre apocalyptic film. So Have we not mentioned that? I swear to God we did. I Don't think we did in that episode, but we did talk about it recently 'cause we Oh, okay. We talked about it a few times for some reason. Yeah, I think that qualifies. And then also from Kirk Hay from Beautiful Astoria or Oregon, a long time listener.


And I love disaster films and you guys did a great job. I'm surprised though that you didn't mention Jurassic Park 'cause I believe that fits all the criteria and predates Twister by three years. And it also fits your conversation on the early use of CGI with some of the greatest special effects of the time. I have a feeling I won't be the only person mentioning this. You totally were. I love the podcast guys. And that is from Kirk Klinger. Now, we had a few people write in about Jurassic Park, but I don't know about Disaster Movie. To me that's maybe a sub genre of Monster movie. I don't know. What do you think it, It did have a Hoffman in the form of Wayne Knight, the who played Newman True.


He was even wearing a Hawaiian shirt. Like he couldn't get more obviously Hoffman. Yeah, that's a good point. So I just, I don't, I don't think it is a disaster movie though, but that's just my opinion. Yeah. And we're not the, I mean, what do we know? If you think it's a disaster movie, then go with it. I did see, some people agreed with me though, that Godzilla minus one is definitely a disaster movie. Oh, okay. So I was Right. Well, the, the scale of destruction in Jurassic Park, one was limited to Eastland Newbar. So I don't know, the other things were localized too. So maybe I'm just wrong about everything in life. Yeah, Yeah. Like that tunnel. That tunnel collapse was Stallone. That was localized. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Yeah. Well, Kurt, thank you for starting this conversation.


It's a great one. Like I said, we love that kind of thing. Send us an email, send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly, or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime, but when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.