
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this. It's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you. I can spend another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road with available H track, all wheel drive and three row seating. My whole family can head deep into the wild. Conquer the weekend in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Welcome, To, Stuff You, Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. So this is Stuff You Should Know Off requested edition. I knew someone had asked for this, so I did a little Google, or not Google, but email search. And seven people requested this over the last four years. What are their names? Shannon Menka. Megan Delino. Josh Cronin. Come on down. Michelle Roberts, Alec Cole, Jonathan Mark Wan or Mark Van.


Can't read my own writing. And then Micah p Micah, I don't know how to pronounce your name. P-E-G-U-E-S. PEGU. I'm sure there's a pronunciation. PE It Pegu Pegu. I'm calling him Micah P, my old buddy. I think Micah was the first one dating back to 2020. Wow. Or at least as far as my email went back to search for Dr. Bronner. Yeah, That's who we're talking about. Dr. Bronner. And if you're like, that name sounds familiar, you might be familiar with Dr. Bronner's 18 in One Magic soap, which Dr. Bronner, the company has been selling since at least the 1940s. And If, you just said what? I've only known that since the sixties or the seventies or the eighties or the nineties or two years ago.


It's true. This stuff has been around for a very long time. And Dr. Bronner himself is enough of a character to warrant an episode. We're not really talking about the soap today. No, but one thing you probably have, there's no way you can not notice it, is the iconic labels on the soap, which have 2007 to hundred 29 words printed in five point font making up what we'll talk about later, the moral A, B, C. And we'll get to why all that happened. But it's a unique company in a couple of ways. In many, many ways. Yeah. But one is they have never spent money on advertising. That's amazing.


Not a penny. And it started out as a, well, we'll get to the origins, but now it's, it's one of the, the top selling organic soaps on the market with revenues approaching $200 million. Yeah. And it went through quite a circuitous route to get there, because not very long ago you bought that at like your local health food store that smelled like, you know, valerian route everywhere. Yeah. Incense. Yeah. And it, they've just kind of blown up. And what's neat is they, they, they've continued to grow under successive generations. So I say we talk about Dr. Bronner and where he came from in the first place.


All right. If you, like you said, If, you look at the label, it will say family soap makers since 1858. And that is when the Ana family in Germany started making soap. They were a Jewish family in Laine Germany. And they, Dr. Bronner himself would later drop the heel part of his name because of obvious reasons in World War ii. But in the 1890s, the he Bronner were making tons of soap in three factories in Germany. He came from a very well-heeled kind of legendary soap, castile soap making company.


Yeah, I was gonna say he was trained by his family to make Castile soap, which is kind of soap made or originated, I guess, around maybe the Mediterranean that uses vegetable oils instead of animal fats. And it's softer and it does less drying on the skin. And it's a true soap. It undergoes ification. It's not a detergent like a lot of other soaps. It's a genuine, true soap. And he learned to make that back in the early, early 19 hundreds. He was born in 1908. So sometime after that he learned how to make Castile soap. Yeah. He was born Emil, EMIL heel heel Bronner.


Like we said, that's the less obnoxious way to say it. I like how you've been saying I was gonna compliment you honestly. Heel braner. Yeah. He, he, you know, in Germany and a lot of, well, a lot of people that, or a lot of places that have the sort of apprentice model, that's what he did. He was an apprentice and then a journeyman, and then eventually was a master soap maker. Right. Only formal education he received was that the doctor was self bestowed and completely made up. And that's Totally fits him as we'll see. Well, absolutely. But he and his parents were at odds. His, his wealthy family were more just sort of old school politically orthodox Jewish family.


They didn't want radical politics in their house. And so Emil's belief in national homeland for the Jewish people, and Zionism did not jive with what his family wanted to do. So they basically said, Hey, enough of that, or get the heck outta here. So in 1929, in December of that year, Emile went to the United States Yeah. At age 21. And he went essentially like without a plan, without much money. He just showed up in New York City and he chose a particularly terrible time where I should say his father chose a particularly terrible time. He showed up just after the stock market crash of 1929 that kicked off the Great Depression.


So he immediately found trouble or found getting work troublesome. He did manage to kind of keep himself afloat by making soap or teaching others how to make soap. And he's routinely considered a genius. There's a, I think a either a police report or a mental institution report on him that says he very clearly seems to have a, a wealth of scientific knowledge in his head. Yeah. So he knew what he was doing with chemistry, even though, like you said, his only formal education was in soap making. He understood the chemistry of the whole thing and what adding this to it or that to it would, what, what changes that would have.


So he was able to kind of keep himself going through soap making for essentially his whole life, starting about now. Yeah. He got married 1930 to another German immigrant named Paula. She has an interesting backstory in that and, and tragic in that she was born to, from an affair between a Catholic priest and a nun. And that nun a very sadly took her life and put, I don't know if it was she put her up for adoption before, or if that defacto put her up for adoption. But either way, the, the nun took her life.


Paula was adopted, obviously wasn't Jewish, which would not endear herself to Emile's family, as you know, as well as Emile himself. And in 1935, Emile made his first batch of peppermint oil soap, which today is their, their biggest seller sill as a diaper cleaner. When they had cloth diapers, it was a diaper sanitizer. And, Hey, my God, can you make this smell any better kind of product? So in 1936, he became a naturalized citizen, and this is when he changed his name from Emile, he heel Bronner to Emanuel Theodore Bronner. And most people call him Dr.


EH Bronner. Again, he's not a doctor. He just decided to call himself a doctor. Although people cite his, his master chemist status as a soap maker to at least, you know, kind of justify it all. But there's no getting around the fact that he bestowed the doctor on himself. And they think that the h and eh is kind of a nod to the he from heel Bronner that he dropped, Okay, I'll buy that. That's, that's not me. I'm not making that up. Previous to World War ii, he was doing okay. He was, he was making soap doing pretty well. He had his wife, he had his family.


What did he have three kids? Is that right? Two boys and a girl after the war. Everything had fallen apart for him in his life. Basically. Hitler of course, came into power. He and his siblings were begging his parents to leave Germany, which they would not do. And the, you know, the worst thing happened that they were afraid of, they were forced to hand over their business. They were sent to concentration camps and they were both killed. Yeah. And I was reading a blog post from Lisa Bronner, who's Dr. Bronner's granddaughter, and she was explaining that they, they, they were, there was a forced sale of their soap making business to the Third Reich, to the German state because they were Jewish.


They were not allowed to own businesses like that. And that would be obviously like a clear signal to everybody, like probably should leave the country now. But the Germans also at this time had a law that, well-heeled Jewish people could not leave Germany with capital. You could leave, but you could not take a penny of German money outside of the country with you. And so If you were wealthy and Jewish. It would be kind of tough to just be like, you know what? Forget it. My entire family fortune, I'm just gonna forget about it. Yeah. Just to get outta Germany, because I still don't think like the German people are so crazy that they're gonna let this guy just keep going. And it got to the point where it became too late, and there's a, a part of family lore is that Dr.


Bronner got a last postcard from his father after his detention in the concentration camp. And it says like everything else is redacted, but at the very end it says, you were right. You are loving father. Which is, I, that's about as heartbreaking as it gets. Yeah. But that was a big, big deal to Dr. Braun as his sister would later attest, Oh, of course. Another tragedy and big deal in his life is when his wife suffered a fall after they had their third kid. And that was kind of it for her. She, she became depressed, she stopped eating, she had suicidal ideation, eventually died in a state mental hospital outside of Chicago.


And I, I tried to find out more and more about maybe what happened with her. And there's just not a lot out there. I suspect that maybe there was some sort of head injury. It just sort of tracks along those lines maybe in that fall. But either way, he was left a widower with three young children, and as we'll see, was was not much of a dad. He was not around much and did not dad much. No, no. There's one thing that everybody agrees is that he was a terrible father in almost every way. Not always, but almost every way. Especially on paper. Like when you just read about how, what kind of father he was, it's, it's crazy that his kids ever, you know, embraced him or stuck around with him, you know?


Yeah. Well, I mean, we might as well go ahead and talk about it. I believe that they were at various times in orphanages and placed with other families, and he kind of straight up said, and you know, as we'll see, he, he becomes a bit of a zealot for his, of his ideas and kind of a kind of a manic street preacher type. And he would literally say like, who has time to parent kids when I have to like spread, spread my word around. Right. And he made no bones about it, you know, that just, he, he wasn't gonna parent these kids. Yeah, no. And he would come back once or twice a year and visit them, but yeah, he was like, I have to go out and do this.


I have a, I have a much bigger mission than raising you kids. And yeah, that's a really tough thing to, to swallow I'm sure as you're a kid and then even as an adult when you're looking back. But a again, astoundingly, his kids stuck with him and learned to just kind of deal with the fact that their father had abandoned them. And about the most overt way of father can abandon a child and, and spent the rest of their lives with them once they grew up and were able to, to basically get out of the, the foster and orphanage systems. Yeah, absolutely. So mention him being, you know, having these big ideas. I mentioned the moral A, B, C, and kind of like the manic street preacher shout out to the band.


This all came from this idea of post World War ii. He had sort of a, either a breakthrough or a breakdown in his mind about that this could be it. We're on the brink of destruction as a, as a people. Mankind needs a big shift in our perspectives, how we think about politics, how we think about the, our time on earth and the afterlife. He, he basically was like, the only way forward for us if we're gonna survive as a species is to become the United States of the world and to be all together as one people. And not, and you know, it wasn't the most radical idea. There have been plenty of people that talked about stuff like this.


Right. But he's like, we are all children of the same God. And the only thing that can save us from that is if we all get together and come together as one. Yeah. And I'm glad you said that. He either had a breakthrough or breakdown because his sister Louise, who will play a big role in a minute, she traces the origin of his zealousness in this, the his need to like spread this message to the time when both of his parents were killed, murdered, and his wife died like all within basically a year. Yeah. And that he changed after that. And depending on who you talk to and how you look at it, he changed either for the better and like became the person he was supposed to be, or his ideas were just super kooky.


And he managed to support himself just by the grace of making soap. Yeah. So I mentioned the moral A, B, C, this is basically the, the end result of his sort of end result. Meaning it was still a work in proc progress to the day he died. He was always tinkering with his moral A, B, C, which was is the thing printed on that soap label. All one is the big rallying cry, which is what I was kind of alluding to earlier with his thoughts. But that is what he, I mean to secondary to selling soap, he was worried about this label and the words on it. It's seemingly his entire life until he died.


Yeah. He figured out that he could use the soap as a way to get the word out there, which is pretty genius actually. And that's where the label came from. Should we take a break? Yeah, Let's, Alright.


Hey everybody, summer is the best time to run the way you want to. You can dial it up with new challenges and programs. He can bring your workouts with you to make the most of those beautiful outside sunny days. That's right. Because summer is the best time to push your pace, move how you want, enhance your fitness journey and feel like your most empowered self. and of course we're talking about Peloton. That's Right. Whether you're prepping for a marathon or improving your pace, whatever road lies ahead. Your training starts here with Peloton Tread or Tread Plus. That's right. I love Peloton. And the thing I love most are their great slate of instructors. They can take you to new heights. They can tap you into their expertly program workouts and realtime metrics, which is also great. Like pace targets, they can take your fitness journey to new heights. That's Right. Pelotons classes challenge you to be your best no matter what your experience level. So call yourself a runner with Peloton at one peloton.com/running. That's O-N-E-P-E-L-O-T-O n.com/running.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resource to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Okay, Chuck. So after at some period of time, he ended up in Chicago and like you said, he became a manic street preacher in Chicago and he attracted an adherent. This is, this is kind of like a little side story, but it's worth telling because I think it really kinda gets to the point across about Bronner and who he was and the people he hung out with at the time. Yeah. Because he came out as like the, the, the reasonable one out of this one. But one of his de devotees was named Fred Walker who had, he had attracted and Fred Walker, he would turn out to be a Nazi sympathizer. But before that was clear, he was a Austrian immigrant who had created his own universal brotherhood movement called American Industrial Democracy.


And he really was vibing on what Bronner was saying. And at some point, I guess either he or they, it's not clear, got the idea of creating a publicity stunt to get their ideas out there to more people. And apparently Fred Walker submitted or suggested that he be crucified to get this message out as a publicity stunt. And he was crucified. Yeah. This is in, outside of El Station, a train station in Chicago, March 9th, 1945. Cops were called down there and like dude on a cross with nails the whole nine yards.


It wasn't like a show and he was tied up there. It was a real crucifixion that he survived. He at some point mentioned Bronner's name and the cops went and talked to Bronner and said, Hey, do you have, I I I think he mentioned the, the peace plan or something like that Walker did to the cops. Right. And they said, are you a Bronner? And they said, yeah. And he said, do you have this peace plan? He went, sure I do. And he even have a pamphlet. They're like, well, why don't you come talk to us then about what happened to your friend. Nothing ever happened. I guess everyone just clammed up about how he was actually literally crucified. But in the hospital room with like reporters and everything in there with this guy Bronner was in there with, with his peace pamphlets, like passing them out to people.


Yeah. But apparently people were like, I, this is not the kind of thing I wanna associate with crucifixion. you know, I like, I now think that your ideas are related to this man being crucified. Right. In Chicago. So it wasn't the best publicity stunt of all time, but it does kind of get across the kind of stuff and the kind of people that Dr. Bronner was hanging out with in Chicago in the mid forties. And he developed a reputation pretty quickly. 'cause within a year he was arrested by the Chicago police and his life completely changed at this point. He was known for not taking no as an answer. He was known for not knowing the meaning of the word can't.


Again, Lisa Bronner described him and there is a, a, the international center, a a college at the University of Chicago. They would have like seminars or presentations or lectures. And Dr. Browner was like, I've got a perfect lecture for you guys. Let me get up there and talk and tell everybody my all one sermon and that moral A, B, C. And they said, no, we don't want you to do that. Thanks for offering. And the University of Chicago thought that was that. Yeah. So in March of 46, he comes back pretty hotheaded. He's yelling out his philosophies, he's kind of yelling out his a moral A, B, C and a couple of cops come out and say, Hey, your, your car's parked illegally out there.


Why don't you come out with us and we'll get it moved. And I guess this was just the old cop thing to not cause a big scene inside. 'cause they get him outside immediately arrest him, hit him With a blackjack. Yeah. He's in jail for about a week. And his sister Louise eventually came from Rhode Island to sign committal papers to have him sent to Elgin State in Insane Island where he says, and you know, we don't, we've talked before about how hard it is to get any hard facts about what happens in what happened in those places back then. But Bronner himself said that he was, he had to sleep on a concrete slab that he was chained to every night.


He was forced to into solitary confinement and electroshock therapy. We don't know which parts of that, if all of it or none of it is true, but that's what he said happened. And in fact, If, you see pictures of the older Dr. Bronner, he's always got on these, these dark glasses. That's 'cause he lost his eyesight very slowly over the years. And he credits that or blames it rather on the shock treatments that he got in at Elgin. Yeah. He, he would later on, say he would call Elgin a, a concentration camp and say that he was put to hard labor mixing concrete. And he probably was put to put to work because they did use inmates for labor back then.


But they, they, like, he would say like in the concentration camps, I did this, what he was talking about was the, the mental institution that he was committed to by his sister. And he wasn't very happy there, as you can guess. So he escaped. He escaped three times, and the third time was the charm. He finally got away. It's always the last escape attempt, you know. Well, didn't he just kind of get up and leave When his sister visited? He, she was allowed to take him out to lunch. She went to the bathroom. He stole five bucks out of her purse and took off. Oh, okay. And made it to, he made it all the way to Vegas. He hitchhiked to Los Angeles and apparently he had a ride all the way there.


And he made the mistake of mentioning to the driver that he had just escaped from a mental hospital. And the driver was like, I'm gonna let you off in Las Vegas, how about that? And he took that $5 or whatever was left of it. And I, I wanna say it was a roulette spin and managed to make enough money to get him the rest of the way out to Los Angeles and rent a room while when he got there. Quite a story. Yeah. So what we're saying is his big successful attempt was he was taken out to lunch and he got up and left. Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. For sure. Amazing. Yeah, I mean there was no like barbed wire or climbing over stuff or search lights or anything. Yeah, sure. There was probably a hot beef.


Right. So he ends up in Los Angeles. The company, the, the real company that we know is Dr. Bronner's, you know, soap company was founded then in 1948, that's when the, the, the company started in earnest. He would go to Pershing Square and downtown LA where people would Manic street preach. And he would literally stand on a soap box and preaches moral A, B, C to people. I keep wanting to say ABCs, but it's a, B, c. Yeah. Just like scorpions. Yeah, exactly. And he would preach and then sell bottles of this liquid soap.


And people loved the soap so much they would go back and just buy the soap. So that's where he was like, no one's even listened to me preach anymore. And that's where the idea hatched was to actually put the message on the soap, bing bang, boom. Didn't even have to stand around on that soapbox anymore. Right. So again, like this, I'm trying to figure out how to get him across if it's not coming through, maybe this'll do it. Throughout the 1950s, he became obsessed with the idea that communists were secretly running the United States and ruining it. And he used to call the Los Angeles field office of the FBI every day to tell them how to root out communists or suggest ways of finding communists and, and getting rid of them.


And they eventually created a file on them because he called so much. It's a good way to get on the FBI's list is to call them every day with Suggestions. Yeah. To call em directly. You want an FBI an FBI file, just start calling 'em every day. Yeah. And then he also was really concerned that fluoride that was in the water had actually been put there to poison us. And that's a pretty interesting idea that the whole, I guess, theory that fluoride is detrimental to us came from Dr. Bronner possibly because he seems to be one of those pop culture influencers that you just had no idea that that something you thought or think can be traced directly back to him and his ideas. But there's a few examples of that, and this could be one of them.


Yeah, for sure. You mentioned early at the very beginning, like, oh, I just heard about that soap in the 1960s. Or maybe my parents did. That's because in the 1960s things were going bad and then they started going really well. He was in trouble with the IRS, he had registered the company as a nonprofit. The feds were like, no, it's not a nonprofit. So he said, all right, I'm gonna stop selling soap all together. I'm gonna concentrate just on my preaching on the fluoride issue. And as it seems, you know, these stories are all, I think taken a little bit with a grain of salt as far as the timing.


Sure. But supposedly that's when a couple of hippies walked up to the door with a bunch of money and said, Hey, we want a couple of 50 gallon drums of your soap. And this idea was like, wait a minute, these hippies in San Francisco, summer of Love, one of those years they loved this soap. And all of a sudden they had like a, like a, a willing audience who I, I think the hippies were perfect in that they, they liked the soap of course, but they also liked it being all natural. And they liked this kind of wacky guy had all this stuff on the label. It just really fit with that whole sixties thing.


And that turned the company around. Yeah, I saw that. I saw it described as the world was finally ready for Dr. Bronner and his ideas, because that sounds About right. Yeah. Yeah. He'd been like espousing eco consciousness and brotherly love and a lot of the stuff the hippies were into since the forties, probably a little earlier, but definitely since the mid forties. Yeah. And yeah, so they kind of became followers of Dr. Bronner. They would hang out at his house, which was also the factory in Escondido, California. And he would also, he put his phone number on the label. Yeah. His home phone number. And he had a bunch of different phones, I guess the same phone number went to a bunch of different lines and would answer calls from customers like all day and all night and just start talking to them about the moral A, B, C and talking to them about how, how to use this product and just basically anything that was on his mind because he loved to talk.


I saw it didn't matter whether it was a tape recorder, a reporter, a customer calling in or a a, a child, one of one of his kids. Like he just, he just went off constantly on his, on his thoughts and his tangents and his moral A, B, c and what it meant and how to live. And the hippies definitely vibed on that for sure. Yeah. I think the word narcissist has probably been used more than once with Dr. Bronner. It's Entirely possible. But If, you watch him interact with the his family. He's in his old age. Yeah, he's, he's very kind of tender. Tender and relaxed and calm and doesn't seem like he's manipulating them or anything like that.


It's, it's strange. I I think he has his own condition, a unique condition He has Dr. Dr Bronner him. Yeah. Yeah. But he was not a good business person. Like we mentioned quite a few times, he would not sell his soaps because he was working on that label. He would not deliver his soaps and, and orders. He owed a lot to the IRS and back taxes, like millions of dollars. And even though they did pretty well in the sixties, by the eighties he had kind of run the, the company back into the ground, you know, on the brink of bankruptcy. And that's when his son, his oldest son Jim turned the company around.


He, it turns out Jim was a, a great business person. He was great at making the manufacturing process more efficient. He balanced the books. He even took the moral A, B, C and was like, Hey, we've got a thing here, but maybe we should craft it into a, into something that makes a little more sense. Like just sort of shape it and give it more of a story so it doesn't sound like a manic street preacher just babbling things on the corner. Right. I say we take a break and come back and talk about what they did with that. Let's do it.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independences and choice BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And, we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Journey.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know. Like what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah. Well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework.


All right, so when we left, we talked about eldest son, Jim Bronner, sort of shaping and forming the moral A, b, C into what we see today on the label. And he did that through, and it got way they really leaned into the hippie stuff too, because a, it seems like, I don't know as much about Jim, but Ralph, the, his brother was a total hippie. Still is. And they started saying things like, all right, the, the moral A, B, C are now the six cosmic principles. Stuff like that. Yeah. Because they, they went through, they rooted through his philosophy, which they'd been harangued by and probably knew by heart since they were little kids that when he came to visit them and they, they basically mined it for the best ideas and they, they boiled it down to those six cosmic principles.


The first is ourselves work hard, grow our customers do right by customers. That's a good one. Our employees treat employees like family and as we'll see, they definitely live up to that one. Our suppliers be fair to suppliers. Our earth treat the earth like home, our community fund and fight for what's right. And this is like their company, their corporate ethos and it's, it, they, they legitimately stick to it. This is in no way, shape or form a gimmick, greenwashing marketing. It's, it's exactly what this family company lives by. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty remarkable.


They, I mean, we'll just list off some of the things they do as a company and you can decide for yourself whether you feel good about supporting them. But during Jim's tenure, he, he passed away not long after his father, which, you know, we'll get to. But they introduced a basically a hundred percent coverage for health insurance. Zero deductible health plan. Yeah. A 15% profit sharing plan. 10 years after that they said, alright, as a company we're gonna have a five to one compensation cap. So that means at no point in our company's history or future history, I guess will the highest paid, highest paid employee be more than five times compensated what the lowest paid employee is, which is remarkable to do.


Yeah. So that means that like the, the people leading the company are making about, I saw about 300 grand a year and I mean, they could be making so much more than that because the company pulls in tens of millions of dollars now. But rather than funnel it out of the company, the kids and grandkids decided to invest it back into the company by paying the workers really well by funding political causes and essentially just making their product better and better. And that's, that's, I mean, you just don't, you don't see that anymore. It was remarkable back in the day. Now it's like mind boggling, you know?


Oh, absolutely. If you, you know, get like fair trade coffee or any kind of fair trade product or, or a cosmetic or soap or something. Then it says it's made with fair trade ingredients. He was way, or the company was way ahead of that. I mean, they've kind of done that since the start. Their raw materials have always come from fair trade partnerships. Back when people didn't even know what that meant. They donated, and this was a few years ago. In 2022, they donated close to 9 million bucks, which was about a third of their net profits to 300 more than 300 nonprofits. And like you said, they, you know, they're heavily involved in progressive politics.


They publish an election guide that basically say, here's who these candidates are, here's what causes they support and how it aligns with the causes we support or not. And I believe over the past two decades as a company, they've donated more than a hundred million dollars to their various charities and activism or activist organizations. Yeah. I wanna say typically progressive, but I think it's a hundred percent progressive. Yeah. One of the things they fought for for years was legalizing hemp, industrial hemp, the stuff you can't get high off of, but you can use a million different ways. And they helped get that pushed forward just from agitating, I think it was David Bronner, the grandson, I don't remember if he's Jim or Ralph's kid, but he's the cosmic engagement officer, CEO.


He's actually the vice president, but he's in charge of activism. And he did a lot of, I guess, publicity sense to draw attention to industrial hemp. Like he was arrested in 2009 for planting hemp seeds outside the DEA headquarters. He locked himself in a cage with a bunch of hemp outside the White House. He had to be cut out, I think, with the jaws of life. And finally, when hemp farming was legalized in 2018, they sent out this celebratory press release about how like, what a great day this was. It was, it was kind of cute to read. Yeah. And by the way, that's who I was thinking of when I talked about kinda what a hippie he was.


Not Ralph, it was David the grandson. Oh yeah. He's super hippie. There's a, a GQ profile of the company and the, the, i, I guess they call it the hero image is David Bronner with his tongue stuck out and there's a hit of blotter on his tongue, but it's the Dr. Braun's logo on the, on the blog. Wow. And like they're super into legalizing psychedelics, especially for use in mental health. Yeah. And that health plan that they came up with, they're the first company to subsidize ketamine assisted therapy. Yeah. Using psychedelics. Like they, they're, that's part of the health plan. You can go get that. And the company covers it with their a hundred percent coverage health plan.


Pretty amazing. So I mentioned that Jim Bronner passed away around the same time as his father, Emmanuel Bronner died in 1997 from complications from Parkinson's Disease. And his son, his eldest son that turned the company around, passed a year later from cancer. They were making, you know, like you said, it's really taking off, taking off. Lately in the late nineties they were doing pretty well. They were making, you know, four or 5 million bucks a year as a company, which is awesome. But like you said, it was sort of hippie dippy health food stores is where you'd find it. It really exploded in the, in the teens, in the 20 teens.


That is. And especially after 2020 with Covid, when people were washing their hands a lot. I think they, they almost reached the $200 million level during Covid and you know, considering where they started and then all the ups and downs in between. That's quite an accomplishment. Yeah, for sure. They also sell a bunch of other stuff too, including chocolate toothpaste. Yeah. Pretty good toothpaste. But the thing is, the irony of all this stuff is that you can use the, the Castile soap for, for most of this, not the chocolate, but you can brush your teeth with it. You can wash your hair with it, you can gargle with, with it. Apparently it helps clear up congestion. Yeah, it does all sorts of stuff.


And I believe it says all 18 uses on the label and you can go read the labels and get, you know, the moral a, b, c out of them. And each one's a little different. It has some other stuff that the other labels don't have. So you have to buy them all, I guess. Yeah. And now I, I mean I don't have any but I, you know, now that Emily is making our own Castile soap from her company, you know, it's all bets are off. I wash my hair with it this very morning. No, we still actually have a, a big stash of Emily soap and she just made some for the family the other day. Oh, nice. So I don't think we'll be switching over anytime soon. But Dr. Bronner's is is good stuff.


We can come to my house. If you, If you want to use some Dr. Bronner's, get away. Oh, good. High steak. I could use some of Emily soap though. Just, you know, hint, hint. Oh, I bet we could find a, a squeezy bottle or two, A misshapen bar. Sure. If. you wanna know more about Dr. Bronner? Wait, should, we should tell him, should we tell him the Mark Spitz thing? Oh yeah. I, I forgot about that. What, what was the deal? He was on the label. Yeah. He was held up along with Jesus Thomas Zaz, the psychiatrist, LL Zamenhof, the guy who created Esperanto as a great example of a Jewish person who helped change the world.


'cause he had set the record for the most gold medals in a single event or sport I guess. And in 2008 he finally was like, get me off of this label. And sued Dr. Braun's. And I guess they settled for some undisclosed amount. He's like, stop, venerating me, gimme some money instead. Yeah. And get me off of that Wheaties box If. you wanna know more about Dr. Bronner's? You can go read some Dr. Bronner's labels and read a bunch of good articles on them too. And in the meantime, while you do that, it's time for listener mail. Well, my friend, it is not because today we send a message out that is all a plea to define people of Atlanta, Georgia.


We have a live show and all the other cities are doing great and we're, we're selling, we sold out in Indianapolis and we're selling great all in Chicago and Minneapolis and almost sold out in Durham. Nice. But for some reason our hometown show is lagging Because these are the people who know us, like really know us. Yeah. So like, whatever, you're here, he'd live Here. We see you at the library like every week. I see Chuck at the car wash all the time. It's a 50. So we're just asking the for some support. This will be the last show of the tour. It's a great show, Josh. Put this one together and it's just, it's a really good one. And we'd love to see everyone in Symphony Hall on, what is it the, the seventh or 8th of September The seventh.


The seventh. The seventh. It's a Friday. It's A Friday night show. Everybody. Those are the good ones. Yeah. So come see us 'cause we wanna see you At No it's a, it's the seventh. It's a Saturday. It's a Saturday at the seventh. On the seventh. Yeah. We're, we're Durham on the fifth. That's a Thursday. And then the sixth we got the night off Right. Josh's gonna wash my hair. And then the 7th of September at Atlanta Symphony Hall. Tickets are still available. Just go to our website, go to the Symphony Hall website and buy some tickets and come see us. 'cause who knows, we may never do another live show again. It's possible. Actually that's not true, but come out not see us.


Yeah. If, you, If you want to go to buy tickets? You can go to Link tree slash syk live or our website, Stuff You Should Know dot com and click on the tour button and yeah. And If, you want to get in touch with us like normal, you can send us an email. Send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven with over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.