
This is an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You Know, Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding and that's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's Rewards for free today. Loyalty program, subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio Radio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know. This is I guess a, a timely topical true crime edition, the three Ts COA alert. Yeah. I feel I should sound the clocks on on this one. Yeah, we're issuing A-A-C-O-A on this one. A pretty, a pretty robust one because A, this is something we don't do a lot, which is tackle true crime and almost real time as far as the fact that none of this has settled the alleged crimes, we're probably gonna say alleged a lot because there's not even been court dates a lot of times for some of these cases.


What we're, you know, we're talking about potentially six murders in three states by a group that may or may not have done it, that may or may not be a cult. So just a big COA there. This is one of the true crimes where like neither one of us are gonna be like, well here's my theory on this. 'cause just who knows, this has gotta play out first. And the other big COA is a lot of sort of a disproportionate amount of members of the Zans who are gonna be talking about are members of the trans community. And it's just one of the sort of facts of the case. It's obviously no suggestion or judgment on our part of the trans community, but it's, it seems to be a big sort of part of this group of people who got together.


So just kind of keep all that in mind as we lay all this out there. Right. Nice work, Chuck. Thank you for that. Thanks. Yeah, so like you said, we're talking about the Zans. How'd you hear about this? This is your pick. You know what? I have no idea and even went to look to see if somebody has suggested it and no one had, I think I might have just seen a news story and been like, wait a minute, this is, this is something that hasn't been a 10 part ne Netflix series yet. Right? So it must be super, super current, which it is. My theory is that the great Gazoo said, do one on the zian dumb do make. And you were like, Hmm, I should do one on the Zions. Yeah. Thanks For bringing a joke into this thing. So the Zions are called such because they center around Zzz trans woman who is often portrayed as the leader of this cult.


And I mean, you can make a pretty fair case that at the very least she's the leader or the most influential member because the whole thing's named after her. Although we should say that this group of people do not call themselves the Zans. That was a name that was given to them by somebody who's critical of them and an anonymous person who's critical of them. Yeah. But Zzz herself we know was born in 1991 in Fairbanks, Alaska. And like the other people that she attracts into her orbit, she was brilliant. I mean very precocious as far as like working on computers goes as far as mathematics goes. I think by the time she was at the University of Fairbanks in Alaska, she had internships at both Oracle, the cloud computing company and nasa.


So I mean like a, like she had pretty, pretty great resume I guess is what you'd say if you're on LinkedIn. Yeah, for sure. And like you said, that's, this is gonna be sort of a common thing with everyone who got together with, with Zzz and the others. So in college, zzz started learning about what's called the, the rationalist movement or the rationalist community, which were also very science minded people. They kind of gathered around Silicon Valley. And one of the big things with rationalism is, and a lot of this stuff makes sense, like a lot of the stuff that they're laying down like, Hey, let's use logical two tools to, to just always question ourselves. Let's, let's not get set in our way of thinking about anything.


Let's always revise the what we're thinking about everything. And one of the key people here, one of the names that'll you'll hear early and then later on is a guy named Ellie Zerikowski, who is an AI researcher who is kind of doing something different than what a lot of AI researchers are doing. And that he is devoted much of his career to basically saying, Hey, warning this, this could really go wrong and I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure it goes down in the right way. Yeah. He dedicated himself to solving the AI alignment problem, which is how do you create an artificial intelligence whose motivations are totally aligned with humans and we don't accidentally wipe ourselves out with the AI we create.


Yeah. And like you said, it kind of flies in the face of especially what's going on these days, which is like, hurry up and build an ai or else China's gonna do it first and, and we're gonna lose out and there's so much money to be made off of ai. And Ellie is a Kukowski is a very, very interesting duties, self-taught AI researcher, incredibly brilliant. And just by happenstance, I got an email yesterday from somebody at a publishing house that mentioned that he has a new book coming out in September with Nate Sos one of his collaborators. It's called, if Anyone Builds It, everyone Dies. And it's about ai. And from what I understand, he's the title he's thrown in the towel.


He's basically said it's, it's too late. Yeah. We are not going to be able to create a friendly AI because not enough people are working on it. And it's about to happen any day now where super intelligent AI is gonna come out. And so we have to figure out how to let humanity die off in the most dignified manner, is how I saw it described. Right. Which doesn't have a whole lot to do with the Zions, but that just sets up kind of who this guy is. In 2009, he founded a blog called Less Wrong As in Let's Do Less Wrong. And I mean, I assume that's what it means. It means, so it it's about overcoming your biases. Like you wanna be less wrong kind of, it's all about thinking clearly and not letting your biases guide your thinking, I think.


Yeah. So they started gathering as, I guess a defacto sort of community of rationalists. A lot of this again is taking place in and around Silicon Valley and Northern California. And he founded a couple of Berkeley, California based organizations that'll come into play the Machine Intelligence Research Institute or miri. And again, that's about, you know, minimizing the risks of AI and then the Center for Applied Rationality or C cfar, and again, same deal, clear, unbiased thinking is what they're after, never getting to set in your ways and always trying to revise how you think about things. Right. They're also very closely tied with effective altruism, which is essentially using rational thinking to donate your money to the greatest good.


We did an episode on, on that, if I'm not mistaken. We did, my friend, All of this attracted Zzz to move from Alaska down to the Bay Area in San Francisco and she got involved with Cfar r got involved with Mi Mary and dedicated herself also to trying to figure out this AI alignment problem too. And she, the thing about this rationalist community is they are as open as you can be. You can be a Nazi and show up and be like, I'm a Nazi and here's what I think about everything. And they will engage you in debate because that's just what they do.


They like no thought processes off the table. And that attracted a lot of interesting people who were, would the average normie would probably not necessarily feel comfortable sitting in a room with just because you know of awkwardness, but also because they probably wouldn't have much to converse about because the people we're talking about in this rationalist community are so brilliant that they probably would not be able to relate to the average person and vice versa. Yeah. Or at the very least on, on some of the radical fringes of whatever movement that they're in. Zzz is one of those people and was started writing on the, the less wrong side in our own blog and writing about, again, stuff that's on the more radical end of the spectrum.


Like, hey, we gotta, you know, sort of a 12 monkeys kind of stuff. Like, hey, we gotta do whatever it takes. Some people might think, you know, something we're, we're doing is evil, but if it's in the service of we, what we think has a good end, then that's what we should do. Sometimes she calls herself a si as in, you know, star Wars and apparently the name Zzz comes from a speculative fiction story called Worm that a lot of rationalists love in which zzz in the story is a, is a villainous entity that if they're listened to for too long, you will go crazy. And so Zzz is all of a sudden hanging around the Bay Area, go into these rationalist hangouts and meetings wearing black robes as and sort of dress like a sth.


So all this is what around 2016, 17 that this is all starting, that Zzz is showing up. And again, like I said, this community is very open. So even those zzz would show up wearing black robes declaring herself a ciff Lord, and that that's her religion is, is Siff. But despite that community being open, she still stood out, not necessarily 'cause she wore black robes and call herself a sth, but more because she was more intensely devoted and dedicated than even the average rationalist. Right. So she did stand out some, one of the other things that she was radically dedicated to was veganism and animal rights. And this would actually end up separating her from the rationalist community eventually.


And that you can kind of make a case it seems like is the initial schism that caused this wedge that led to all the events that would follow. Yeah. Like basically, hey, you're, you're trying to protect human life. Like what about the animals? Like every ci animal is a person and that this is, these are words and you know, so we gotta we gotta kick up the, the intensity on the animal front as well. The problem with all of this is that this was around San Francisco and Silicon Valley where it's really, really expensive to live. And if you're someone like Zzz, you're, you're not, you know, going out and getting some big tech job where you're making tons of money to afford that condo downtown.


So you gotta live somewhere. And this is when Zzz meets up with somebody named Gwen Danielson had a lot in common, another rationalist, another trans woman, another person who was very much into animal rights and Gwen happened to live on a sailboat in Berkeley Marina and said, Hey, y this is much cheaper rent here. Why don't you just come and live on this boat with me? I'm also into math, I'm also into science, and I'm also have some pretty radical ideas about stuff. Yeah. And so the point of this was If you, and this is Z's belief, If you could free yourself from things like paying rent, especially the high rent of San Francisco, and keep your cost down to as minimal as possible, you could devote that much more time to figuring out the AI alignment problem, figuring out how to push cfar and mi into protecting animal rights too.


Like just thinking and learning to think better. That was kind of the, the point. And so I think Zzz initially moved into the sailboat with Gwen Danielson found that they were not quite exactly compatible roommate wise, but still friends. And so Zzz bought her own sailboat and docked at the same marina in Berkeley, and they became what was called the rationalist fleet. This, they invited more and more people to come join them at the marina. And they actually went so far as to buy an old tugboat that by this time was in its seventies or eighties, maybe not like, not a good age for a tugboat.


And they actually bought it from Alaska and tugged it down or sailed it down all the way to San Francisco. Yeah. The name of this boat was Caleb. So now it's in Half Moon Bay, south of San Francisco. And Caleb was a problem though. Caleb, like you said, was a, an old boat, an old World War II era tugboat. So it wasn't like, you know, even a, like a, a a a mid seventies houseboat would've been a better option, probably this thing. They couldn't, they had a hard time anchoring it, it was too expensive to maintain, it would drift outta control and hit other boats. So it was not, you know, everything they thought it was gonna be. So just, you know, sort of park that for now. I'm gonna say that a lot because we're gonna be parking a lot of things as this jumps around at this point we have to introduce some new characters to the scene.


Again, had a lot in common with Zzz and Gwen in that they were very, very smart, very much into math and science. Some were trans and some were non-binary. And the first player here is someone named Emma Barian. A programmer worked at Google, but left Google because they thought the company was corrupt. Yes. And we should say these people fell into Z's orbit because Zzz was a prolific blogger and blogged in a way that like a lot of the language and thoughts and and ideas were impenetrable to all but a certain group of people. And these were the people that she ended up attracting through her blog.


There's a really great guardian article about all of this written by Oliver Conroy and Conroy says that there was a glossary that somebody gave him that one of the, one of Zigs blog followers created of Zigs words. And that when he printed it out, it was 48 pages long. So like she had a certain thing going on that attracted a certain kind of person. And these were the people who were falling into their tin, into her orbit at this time. And we should also say all of these people were in their early to mid twenties. I think Zzz was the oldest maybe at the time, at 26. So they were all disaffected brilliant, often trans vegan, 20 somethings who are living very close to homelessness in San Francisco in the late 2000 teens.


Yeah. So the second person was Alex Letham, occasionally known as Somnia, a mathematician in this case went to UCLA, studied at uc, Berkeley as well. Then we have Michelle Zako, a biometrics researcher, another smarty pants, and then someone named Alice Monday, who was KO's girlfriend and a bit of a mentor apparently according to zz, to Zzz. And they started sort of just getting together, talking about their ideas. They, they came up with a, a name for one of their theories or sort of their overarching theory called vegan an ACO transhumanism. And Gwen Danielson developed this idea that the hemispheres of the brain were basically separate and they could operate independently from one another.


You can be different genders at the same time. You can be good and evil or good or evil at the same time. And they started these experiments called uni, uni hemispheric sleep, where they were saying you can be asleep and awake at the same time. One can be asleep and then one can be active and awake. And we say this because there are people that have accused ZZ and others in the group of basically keeping you sleep deprived through these experiments, potentially leading to a couple of suicides that we'll talk about. And again, i, I have no judgment on whether or not they are a cult or not at this point, but if you're making a case for cult sleep deprivation is a very big hallmark of something that oftentimes happens.


Yeah. That's like chapter two in they cult leader's playbook. Yeah. We should say also that una hemispheric sleep theoretically as possible. Humans don't do it, but dolphins do. Whales do, migratory birds do. So it's not like it just doesn't exist. It's humans trying to figure out how to do it themselves so they could think longer, more hours in a day, essentially. Yeah. So this group is getting a little more upset and aggressive toward the official rationalist movement and community. They think again that Mary and Cfar, you're, you're not doing enough for the animals. You need to expand your, I guess, viewpoint on sentient beings and what that means.


And you're also biased against trans people. Yeah. And there was another thing too, that Zzz got really upset about. Upset. She came to believe that MI paid off a blackmailer. Another way to put it is that somebody accused people at MI of sexual assault or statutory rape, I think it was, and that they paid the person to go away. Some people would call it a settlement to zz. It was blackmail paying off a blackmailer. And that you just did not do that. That that violated some of the basic tenants of the rationalist community and the way of solving problems that they use. So that with the ethical veganism combined, really separated her from this rationalist community.


And with this growing group around her, they decided that they were going to show up, go to the CFAR seminar conference that was being held in 2019, and they were gonna present their problems and their issues in, in a very rational way, just like Cfar would want them to. And the, the people who organized Cfar were like, you guys are way too aggressive for our tastes. You can't come to this Cfar retreat. And one of 'em said, you've got a Nazi in there. Right. So four of 'em, zz, Gwen Danielson, Emma Barian, and, and it gets a little confusing with all names and Alex Letham, they went anyway and they had their guy Fox masks on and they had their black hooded robes on, they blocked the e exits with their vehicles and they were like, here, you're gonna listen to us, here's our flyers, here's our problems and our issues.


And the staff didn't know what was going on. They called in a report of a possible active shooter and the cops came, they did not have arms on them or anything like that, but they were arrested on charges of false imprisonment and child endangerment because there were kids there. It was a campground where they met north of San Francisco. And defendants, we should point out the, the four of them did end up filing a suit against the police alleging mistreatment. Yeah. So the Rationalist community is like, that's it. Not only can you not come to see Fire Retreats, you can't even hang out on the Less Wrong blog. You can't come to our cocktail meetups that we have, which are a lot of fun. So you're probably gonna be upset.


They've just got booted out. So now this wedge was a gulf, it was a, it was a break in communication between the, the group that would come to be known as Zans and the Rationalist community. And with that, that group became more and more isolated and their ideas got a little weirder and a little more far out and a little more aggressive because they were all similar people who were feeding off one another in this isolated situation. There weren't people on the outside coming and be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, let's, let's rethink what you're saying. It was like, yeah, that's a really good idea. And it just kept going from there.


Alright, I think that's a good, you can kind of park all that stuff for now because this story kind of jumps around the country a bit. And when we come back, we're going to pick up with part two, a little north of San Francisco in Vallejo, California.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights, you gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you want to have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Hey everybody, host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the head. Start embracing the journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Yeah. In each episode, Nora shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them, navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment in spite of it all, you'll Get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships and their family life. Joined By headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan Nora listens as guests share their chronic migraine experience all connected by a common theme of resiliency new to the show. We'll check out the first two seasons available now and definitely worth a listen and join the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the head, start embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Stop you, you, you know, stop, stop, stop. You should know If you know stop you. You, you know. So Chuck, one of the outcomes of being like pushed out of the rationalist community, somebody launched a website called Zions Info, it's still around today. And they basically chronicled all the things that they accused the zzi of being a cult or that backs up their accusation of the Zions being a cult. And two of the things are something you referenced earlier, there were two suicides by people who were said to have gone through this uni hemispheric sleep, I guess bootcamp.


And it resulted in their, their suicides allegedly. So does Zions just have a really bad name at this point? The marina thing is not working out. The rationalist fleet is kind of sinking as it were. And they just happened to meet somebody at the marina named Curtis Lind, who is a 70 something guy who loved people, loved artists, and had a bunch of land down in Vallejo and said, Hey, I want artists to come live down there. You guys seem kind of artsy and odd. Why don't you come live there for really cheap rent? And the zans were like, heck yeah. Alright. So Curtis Lynn offers, you know them the chance to go live, you know, they paid rent, but I, I don't imagine it very much.


And in this, you know, we're gonna be introduced to some more players at this point. One of the members of the group that had joined up at this time, her name was Siri Dow, and she was fresh out of high school and a leftist blogger and just sort of put a pin in this. At one point in a discord chat, she said that she had had very dramatic fantasies about becoming a knife murderer. And there's, you know, up to 20 people at this time on Curtis Lynn's property, the neighbors get a little freaked out. They're like, Hey, they're walking around naked, sometimes they're wearing gas masks. Lin eventually is like, you guys aren't even paying rent anymore.


And they said, yeah, well there's a COVID eviction moratorium, so whatcha gonna do about it. So everything just starts going really pear shaped, as you say, in like 2022. Yeah. Also, Chuck, I saw that they would carry katanas around like samurai swords. So imagine seeing your neighbor walking around naked, wearing a gas mask and carrying a samurai sword and there's 20 of them. It would be hard, especially in the context of California to not be like, I think they might be a cult. Good point. So in 2022, like you said, things just really start to, to take a, a terrible shape. In August, Z's sister and Emma Iranian went to the police and said, our friend Zzz fell over while boating. So Zzz died during, in, in a boating accident.


The Coast Guard launched a huge search and I guess after 18 hours they said there's no way that she could have survived. And she was, although they didn't have the body, they still declared her legally dead. And her sister was given a death certificate. And around the same time, Gwen Danielson, who was one of the OG members of this whole group, she died by suicide too. So this group is just rocked by these two deaths in 2022. That's right. So while this is happening, it's kind of at the same time this COVID eviction moratorium runs out. So Curtis Lind is like, all right, now I can actually get these people off my property.


Finally, probably like this November, two days before he was able to do that and sort of drop the news that they were out of there, Sury Dow called, called him in and said, Hey, there's a water leak on my property here or in my trailer. You gotta come and check this out. Curtis Lynn says, I went to address the issue with the water and I was assaulted. They hit me over the head, they stabbed me with knives, they stabbed me with a katana, with a samurai sword. He ended up losing an eye. He was stabbed through the chest. Apparently he, he alleges that Alex Letham was the one who stabbed him through the chest. And so he shot Letham and Emma Barian and killed her dead. If you ask the, the zian that were there, they said, no, that's not what happened.


He'd been harassing us and he just opened fire on us one day. So the authorities tended to agree or believe Curtis Lind and in fact Letham End Dow were arrested, charged with attempted murder and then also charged with the death of Emma Barian. Because apparently in California law, If you do something that causes the death of somebody else, even incidentally you are responsible or you can be held responsible for that death. And the thinking was that Curtis Lynn had to kill Emma Barian because of the actions of Dao and Letham. Right, right. So now Sury Dao and Alex Letham are in jail in California.


That's where they are. So just park that, like you said. That's Right. So police took another member of the group at the time, she gave her name as Julia Dawson. They said, come down to the station with us, we gotta question you at the station. She seemed like she was having a medical emergency. So they're like, well we gotta get her to the hospital stat. Took her to the hospital and she disappeared from the hospital. Detectives started investigating what happened there and they said, oh, you know who that was? That was Zzz. ZZ is not dead at all. And they also determined, guess who else was there, Gwen Danielson. She's actually alive as well.


Yeah. So if you've heard our faking your death episode, this is a, it's a big deal to fake your death. Yeah. Especially successfully. So the Ians never thought they were dead, or if they did, it was for a very short time, it was to protect themselves from the authorities. One of the other things that was really an unsettling find after Curtis Lind was attacked, they found a, a, a vat of lie that suggested that they intended to kill him and that they were going to dissolve his body in it. So it's starting to become clear, like these people are no joke. But at the time, this was like a a, an isolated incident. It wasn't related to anything else.


The, the authorities did not know that this was a group known as the Zans or anything like that. The, the, there were pieces that were starting to lay out on the table, but no one had put them together yet. Yeah, exactly. All right, so now you can park all of that because we're gonna move once again across the country. This time Pennsylvania is gonna come into the picture in 2021. So this is, you know, a little bit before these events, Michelle Zko that we mentioned in Alice Monday, who were girlfriends with each other. They moved from California to Vermont to northern Vermont, pretty rural area. And they were joined by a guy named Daniel Blank, another like-minded person. He went to uc, Berkeley, bioengineering and Electrical engineering, codre.


And then worked at startups. And he was also a vegan and started to sort of get a little more radical about it. Got distance from his parents, started judging them for eating meat and he hooks up with Monday and Sashko in Vermont. Yeah. And so by this time, I think, I don't know If you said it or not, I think he did, zzz had credited Alice Monday as being like her mentor. Yeah, she had, she modeled herself largely after Alice Monday too. Like she was apparently really assertive with her beliefs and ideas and Zzz became more and more like that after meeting Alice Monday. By this time though, she considered Alice Monday an enemy, what she called a vampire.


And I guess Zko was by, by association, guilty by association. And from what I could tell, they Alice Monday became her enemy because she and maybe Zko were warning people away from Zzz saying like, you need to steer clear of this person. So Zzz considered them enemies and she contacted Zj Coh and said, Hey, If you want to earn my trust back, you need to murder Alice. And If you don't, I'm going to come to Vermont and murder you. And this was the kind of a, a precarious situation as, as far as Zko was concerned, Michelle Zko was concerned because, and this really I think kind of gets a lot across.


She was like, I really had to kind of decide, you know, did I wanna murder Alice to make Zzz happy or should I kill Zzz? This is the position that ZZ was putting people in by this time. Allegedly. Yeah. Should we just have Jerry drop in the word allegedly like just every 40 seconds? Allegedly Beijing. Mr. Herman, I know I promised Pennsylvania and we've been in Vermont for a second here, but here's what Penn, Pennsylvania comes into play on December 31st, last day of the year, according to many in 2022. This is about a month and a half after Curtis Lind was stabbed. And after that all occurred in Viejo. So Michelle KO's parents, Richard and Rita were murdered in Pennsylvania, they have ring camera footage from a neighbor that shows two people arriving at the house a little before midnight.


And on the camera footage you can hear what sounds like mom. And then a few seconds later, oh my God. Oh God, God. And the parents of Michelle Zako were found shot in the head kind of execution style in their bedroom. Yeah. So the Pennsylvania state troopers went to go visit Michelle Zako in Vermont and she's like, I haven't been to Pennsylvania in almost 20 years or more than 20 years and I haven't talked to my parents in a year, so it's not me. I don't know who killed them. And in fact, she showed up to a graveside service a couple weeks later and I believe was the sole beneficiary maybe of her parents' estate while she was there for the service.


She was accompanied by Daniel Blank. And I guess they had drawn some attention at the hotel because they were both wearing black. And one of them was said to have been carrying a gun around the hotel grounds. So the hotel called the police and the police started surveilling them. And after a very short time they went into Miss Michelle KO's hotel room and searched it. And I think they searched your car, found something like $40,000 in cash. And they were like, yeah, we're just gonna take you down to jail. So all this stuff is kind of mounting, we still think you might have killed your parents, we're gonna take you in for questioning. And she said something to the hotel person that was there said, can you contact Daniel blank?


He's in another room here and tell him what's going on. And the police were like, I think we'd like to talk to him too. Went and got a warrant and then they went to Daniel Blank's room shortly after that. That's right. They detained him. They did not, were not able to keep them for very long. They were released pretty quickly. But we should mention too, in addition to that 40 grand in cash, they also found several prepaid cell phones, which is a bit of a, a potential red flag as well in Michelle KO's car. And while they were arresting blank, there was someone else in the room, they were lying on the floor, they wouldn't move, they wouldn't speak. And that was drum roll zzz. So ZZ is getting around at this point. Police arrested Zzz on obstruction of justice, disorderly conduct, I guess just for not, you know, complying I guess and getting off the floor and stuff like that.


It was a misdemeanor charge. But they did hold her in jail for five months instead of, or I guess in lieu of a $500,000 bail, which just could not afford obviously. And the judge said, all right, we're gonna release you. You gotta promise to pay 10 grand If you miss court. She did return to court for that August hearing in a wheelchair pushed by her mom. But when the trial date came up of December of 2023, she did not show up. So I think that's probably a great place for our second break 'cause the story is really heating up now. Sure is.


Hey everybody host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the Headstart, embracing the Journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Yeah. In each episode, noro shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them, navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment in spite of it all, you'll Get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships and their family life. Joined by headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan Nora listens as guests share their chronic migraine experience all connected by a common theme of resiliency new to the show. We'll check out the first two seasons available now and definitely worth a listen and join the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the headstart, embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everybody, we wanna let you know about the Temptations brand, America's number one cat treat brand. 'cause they're on a mission to show the world just how irresistible cat Dads truly are and make 2025 the year of the Cat dad Not a bad year. 'cause Cat Dads are some of the most tempting, caring, and compassionate men of all and two outta three Gen Z adults believe that Cat Dads make better bows too. That's right. And the Temptations brand knows there's nothing like the bond between the cat dad and their cat. And the brand's variety of irresistible treats make Cat Dads even more irresistible to their little feline friends. That's right. From athletes to musicians to gamers and scholars and everyone in between. The Temptations brand knows that Proud Cat dads are living amongst us and it's time they get their moment in the spotlight. That's Right. I'm a podcaster and I'm a proud cat dad myself. Beautiful. Here's The deal, everybody, cats lose their cool. Treat a cat in your life to Temptations, treats and discover what makes Cat Dads irresistible@temptationstreats.com.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Stop you, you, you know, stop, stop, stop. You should know, know, stop you If you know. Alright, so now we're gonna find ourselves partially in North Carolina and back in Viejo and also back in Vermont. And we're gonna introduce what, I guess three more people. Olivia Bach Holt, Maximilian Snyder, and my Milo Young blot. Yeah. So Ophelia Bokholt was German by birth and she was described as naive, altruistic, and trusting by friends. She fell into Z's orbit I think by starting out reading her blog.


She was trans, she was a math genius and she was really, really interested in effective altruism. I think she made a couple hundred grand a year as a, a quant trader in New York and donated all but 10% of it to effective altruism causes. So she was very dedicated to this. But something about Z's philosophy grabbed her and she ended up leaving New York one day cutting off all contact with everyone else in her former life and moving to North Carolina and essentially starting a new life in this orbit of Zzz. Yeah, so Maximilian Snyder was a data scientist, another super, super smart person. And Milo Young Blot went to an elite private school in Seattle with Maximilian Snyder.


And they got together later on after that. And in May of 2024, young loot's parents said they're, they're missing, I don't know where they went. They and Snyder applied for a marriage license together in November of 2024, which is November 5th specifically, which is Guy Fox Knight. And apparently they all got attracted to the Zian just through online. They never met Zzz, they never met Gwen Danielson. They never met any of the other rationalist fleet Zions at all in person. Yes. That seems to be contested from what I can tell Chuck, that there's, it's possible that there's evidence that they did meet them, but I, I don't know who said what or why, but that's, yeah, that's a contested issue.


So in January of 2025, you can believe Bach Holt, they're in Vermont. They're a short distance away from Michelle KO's house. So shortly after the move where everybody was in Temple Hill, young Blot and Bach Holt traveled to Vermont and they stayed. They checked into a hotel that was not too far from Michelle KO's house. And I thought initially that they were there to kill Michelle Zko. But I found that they had made contact with her enough that the police think that she bought them some guns or gave them some guns that she bought.


I'm not exactly sure what they were doing in Vermont, but they were, eventually they fell under the radar of the border patrol who pulled them over near the Canadian border. And when that happened and they were pulled over at the very least young blot allegedly got out and just opened fire on the border patrol agents. Yeah, they, the border patrol said that Bach hold attempted to draw a gun. They fired back, it's basically a firefighter at this point and Bach hold and a border patrol agent named David Mallon were both killed. Young Loot was injured, arrested obviously on assault charges. Police found Hollow Point ammunition in their car, found those burner phones wrapped in foil.


They found full face respirator mask, they found a night vision monocular. So it's sort of the mayhem starter kit in the car. Sure. Sounds like it for sure. So yeah, again, I'm not sure what they were doing in, in traveling from North Carolina to Vermont, but this was a, this was a big deal and they killed a border patrol agent, especially when a pair of trans people dressed in all black, just opened fire on a border patrol agent and made national news. And this is when people started to connect the dots. Not only did you have the attack of Curtis Lind a couple years later, as everybody's starting to go to trial, Sury Dow and Alex Letham are moving toward trial.


Curtis Lind is a star witness, I guess allegedly to shut him up. Maximilian Schneider shows up in Viejo and murdered Curtis Lynn before he could testify. Yeah. And this was just three days before this shootout in Vermont. So it's all really coming to a head very quickly and almost real time to where we are today. So on February 16th of this year, three people dressed in all black driving, a couple of white box trucks, all all of a sudden we were in Maryland, they went to Maryland to a property owner and said, Hey, can we camp out here for a month? He did not take kindly to that. So he called the cops and it turns out that was Daniel Blank Zzz and Michelle Zko and they arrested them initially on trespassing charges, but they found a bunch of guns in the trucks and said, oh wait, these are the three people that, like you said, they started really connecting the dots at this point in February.


Yeah. And I couldn't find out what Michelle Zko or Daniel Blanker wanted for, but Zzz was wanted for jumping bail for that court case in Pennsylvania. Well they were arrested for trespassing. Yeah, but I don't know what they were wanted for already, is what I'm saying. So that was February as of May, late May last month, couple weeks ago, couple days ago even. You could say Zzz, Michelle Ko and Daniel Blank are all in jail in Maryland for trespassing. Letham Dow and Snyder are all in jail in California for the attack on Curtis Lynd. And then the murder of Curtis Lynn and then Young Blot is in Vermont for allegedly trying to draw a gun on the border patrol agents during a firefight where a border patrol agent was killed.


So the, the Zions are still like around, essentially they still will say like, we're not a cult, we're not even called Zions. But now there's more and more journalists who are starting to dig into it and putting together deeper and deeper profiles of this group and what was going on. But like you said, this is real time man. This is, there's no resolution to this, this, this is, this is where it stops because this is as far as it's gotten so far. Yeah, they're still writing. Apparently Daniel Schneider in jail is writing stuff to the rationalist group saying, hey, like you still need to focus on animal rights.


And Michelle Zko is writing, she wrote a, a open letter to the world that's in quotes dated March 9th of this year and where she was like, Hey, I didn't kill my parents. Zzz hasn't done anything wrong. A lot of these people like, I don't even know those other people. I'm not with Maximilian Snyder. Like I've never met these people. They're not, Zans aren't a group like Josh said. Well she didn't say like Josh said, that'd be kind of fun though. But they're not even associated with us as a group that we don't refer to ourselves as Zans. Right. So Alice Monday and Gwen Danielson or thought to be Alive still Alice Monday I saw is thought to be in hiding that she's very scared of Zzz and the Zian, especially now and then there's other people, there's people in the rationalist community who were willing to speak to journalists about this, but not, not like anonymously because they're scared of the Zzz too.


So it's still a thing even though Zzz is in jail and it's just a a question of where it goes from here. But just to kind of wrap everything up, we'll go back to Half Moon Bay where the Caleb was docked in the Berkeley marina and since the Zans abandoned it, it has sunk in the marina half sunk and is a a nuisance to have that. You have to get around now. Poor Caleb. Yeah, Caleb's like, what did I ever do? Yeah, I just wanted to help people. I'm a born tugboat. I know. If you wanna know more about this stuff, go look it up. There's a lot of stuff to read and just keep an eye on the news.


We definitely will be too. And since I said that, I think it's time for listener mail. Chuck, This is from James. Hey guys, I'm fascinated that terms we take for granted often come from slurs meant to suppress and in some cases similar slurs. I love knowing that Pagan came from a word that is Chuck puts, it means bumpkin. It was meant to belittle and diminish and now it covers a huge chunk of the faith pie. I was reminded of the word jaywalking. I feel like we've talked about this in something Maybe The, the origins of jaywalking maybe. Maybe as cars became a thing and started driving with some velocity in the places where people were used to walking big car had to make sure they weren't the bad guy.


They had to rewrite convention and get people pedestrians specifically off the road. So what did they do? Slurs, obviously, if I remember correctly, Jay, like Ganus meant an uneducated country folk too stupid not to walk in the road like a dingus. This word must have worked because now it is a legal term to describe the act of crossing the street at a non crosswalk. Big car one, Constantine one. Thanks for the potting guys and for filling my brain with stuff. That is James. Thanks a lot James. That's a good one. And I think you jogged my memory to an episode about like how cars became the dominant mode of transportation in the us. Sounds like that might've been the one.


I Think that was, that was a good one. That was a sleeper episode. Agreed. If you wanna be like James and send us an interesting email that we may or may not read on the air, but we'd still like to receive anyway, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Toyota is the best Resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.