
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Jerry. Oh my gosh, there's Chuck. Sorry Chuck. And this is Stuff You Should Know and we're off to a weird, weird start already. That's right. Forgot I was here. I just, I don't know what happened. My ference copies on the Fritz. Hey, real quick before we get started, and this just hit me, I went to a work function yesterday wherein we celebrated Jonathan Strickland, our still our colleague, but our old old buddy from the old house stuff works early stuff podcast days, who was the long, long, long, long, long time host of tech stuff.


Yep. And he has hung up his tech boots to, as far as hosting that show. He's still around and executive producing a slate of shows, but he, he decided not to host tech stuff any longer and we just, it was great seeing him. It's been quite a while and he's doing great and just hats off to Jonathan and what a, what a great body of work. He's, he's given the world over all those years. Yeah, he has Man, hats off to you John. Like that's, you should be very proud. We're all proud of you for sure. Yeah, but keep that your head on Strickland 'cause you got that bald head we don't want get sunburned. Wow, that was really cool. If you bring up, I'm glad you did. Yeah, it was good. I saw some of the old crew and it's just, it's been too long.


'cause you know, we don't go to the office much anymore and nobody does. So it's not like if I went there we, I would see all the old gang. But it was good. It was nice to catch up with some people. That's cool man. Yeah, you sent me and Jerry some good pictures. Yeah, It was fun. Okay, well onto the murder of a woman. Right. Awful. So this is a pretty true, pretty famous true crime case. Like really, really famous. I'm not sure if you'd heard of it before, have you? No, No. I'm not sure why or where it first got me, but I'm pretty sure. So I think Dave helped us with this and he linked to a pair of pictures of a tree and then a diagram of a, of the woman, the murdered woman in this case.


And like, you know, like a, a almost an anatomical diagram of like what was found where and what she was wearing and all that. And it has like a real ripley's believe it or not look to it. Yeah. The drawing does. And those things are as etched in my brain as pictures from like the time life paranormal series. Oh wow. From when I was a kid. So at some point I was exposed to this. So it's one of those things that I've always just kind of known about, but I didn't know any of the details really. And it's a truly fascinating case that I think one of the things that makes it appealing too is there's this level of this sense of like witchcraft or some sort of like pagan cults involved or something like that.


And it turns out that that's not true. That's not the case. That a lot of it is just associated with the tree that she was found in a witch elm, which has nothing to do with witches and that she might not have even been found in that kind of tree. So let's get into it Chuck, because I like confusing everybody from the outset. Yeah. This definitely smacked of like tales from the cryp or weird stories entry or something like that. This goes back to World War II in April of 1943, specifically Robert Hart, Bob Farmer, Tommy Willits and Fred Payne. Four teenage boys went to what was called the, or what is called I guess Hagley wood.


This was a time in World War II where they were rationing things like food in Britain. So they were looking for food, they were looking to catch some rabbits or maybe get some eggs from bird's nest. And 15-year-old Bob Farmer saw an opening in a tree, went up to check it out and it looked like an eggshell, it turned out it was a skull. And so he got a stick, wrapped it with some cloth and lifted the skull up outta there. And they were like, what kind of animal is this? Turns out it was a human animal, it had a clump of hair, a couple of crooked teeth had clearly been munched on by some animals. And so they were like, we're trespassing and we don't wanna get, like most kids would do. Like we don't wanna get in trouble so we're just gonna put it back and never talk about it.


Yeah. I think their quote was hum and hum and hum and Right. Plus tax. So yeah, they could've gotten in decent amount of trouble. I couldn't find exactly what, but they were poaching. And poaching was a big deal still then. I think it still is now, but it's probably lost a little bit of its, you know, punishment. Sure. Regardless, the, the, I guess the oldest boy Tommy Willetts, he was 17 despite this vow, went right home and told his parents, yeah, good kid. And I say, good boy Tommy Willetts. 'cause he, it was clear to him like, we just found a human skull in a tree and that's, that's something that we need to talk about. So very quickly the police were called in and they started to investigate and they brought in a guy named James Webster who was a pathologist with the Birmingham Forensic Laboratory.


And he essentially led the initial investigation and came to some pretty, pretty good basic conclusions. 'cause there's one thing to know about this case. It has been hijacked and molded in all sorts of different ways and you really have to be careful that you're aware of what source you're Yeah. Getting your information from because it's just one of those cases that people have loved to talk about and add to and lie about and do all sorts of stuff with. But the stuff that comes from James Webster is definitely legit. He was, he firsthand examined the body. That's right. So he cut this tree open, he found most of the skeleton in there.


It was missing some small bones and I think they got a tibia nearby. There was pieces of clothing, there was a shoe, there was a wedding ring. And they, you know, when you get a skeleton like that, you're gonna reconstruct it and try and figure out who this person was or what they may have been, you know, shaped like. Right. And they said, well this is a woman probably about 35, 5 feet tall. So, you know, quite, quite short with brown hair. 'cause I think I mentioned those little bit of hair, very gruesomely still on the skull. Yeah. Did you see the picture of that? I Did, yeah. And she's probably been gone about 18 months, maybe longer. And like I mentioned, animals had gotten into these bones and you know, munched on them some.


Right. So Webster was like, I'm pretty sure this is a murder. There's a few things that stand out to me. One stuffed into the jaw pretty deeply into the jaw was a piece of the, the tafta from the woman's dress. Yeah. And enough that it was enough of the, the piece of the dress that he was like, this could have asphyxiated somebody if it was stuffed into their mouth while they were still alive. Yeah. Probably wasn't a dress eater, so maybe this is murder. He also said that there's no way that this, this person was placed into this tiny opening. So it was about 12 inches by 24 inches, like say a third of a meter by two thirds of a meter.


Okay. Yeah. Which is a very tiny place even for a five, five foot woman. Like that's, that's a, I get claustrophobic just thinking about that. Yeah. And that if they were dead already then like rigor mortis would have prevented them from being pushed into there even. And then also, this is not the kind of place that a person's just gonna crawl into on their own accord. Like they were placed in there possibly while alive still, which is one of the gassier aspects of this case. And so Webster said, You know, you put all this together, I'm pretty sure this is a murder that we're looking at. The other thing they had to go on was, as far as clues go was they had, you know, most of the jaw intact.


And so they thought, Hey, maybe we can find a dental match. They were not able to, now that they had this kind of rough physical description, they thought, well let's come through. Missing persons reports. Did not find anything matching that. And so the case went cold for a while. They just kind of put it on the shelf. Hagley Wood itself, we should describe it a little bit. It is on a private estate, but it wasn't like gated and walled up such that you couldn't access it because people would use it. People would have picnics there while the blitz was going on. And, and cities were being bombed. People would leave Birmingham sometimes and even sleep out there around Hagley Wood where it was a little quieter.


And then a weird thing happened in March of 1944, so this is about almost a year afterward there graffiti started popping up around town, around Birmingham and we'll see elsewhere with white chalk letters and all caps on these brick walls. Two messages at first one said Hagley Wood Bella. And another said, who put Bella down the witch Elm? WYCH dash hagley wood. Yeah. So this is where we get the name of the victim that everybody knows and the type of tree that the victim was found in that everybody knows from graffiti from an anonymous person.


Yeah. And but the, it was enough that the police were like, okay, this seems a little weird. There were other people who started to, to kind of copycat the whole thing once the paper started writing about it. But there was at least a third one a couple days later that was clearly written by this, the first person who wrote the first two. And they were like, maybe this person knows who it was and they wanna find justice for the, the, the woman. And they looked, they opened, they reopened the case. And this is, I mean, they'd already really extensively investigated having like both, both jaws. They're like, great, we'll do dental records and we'll find who it is.


Nothing matched. They tried to comb through all of the missing persons reports. No one matched. They get this Chuck, did you see that? They investigated the shoe and got really far with it. They, they traced the shoe that they found with her back to the water foot company in Lancaster. Okay. And they traced down all but six of the, the owners of all but six of the pairs, they were sold in a market stall. So this wasn't like looking through the market's credit card receipts. They Didn't have credit cards. No. Like they really were doing some legwork here and you know, hats off to 'em because let's not forget England was getting bombed almost nightly by the lfa.


There was food rationing, there was a war on. Yeah. And they investigated this random, you know, dead person that that hard. And then they reopened the case. I'm just saying I think they did a good job with what they were working with. Totally. And by the way, I don't know when credit cards came about. So maybe that's a good shorty. So if I'm wrong, I imagine they sprung from credit accounts, like with a store or something. Yeah. But yeah, maybe we should do one on that. I bet it's a Diner's Club. I think it was Diner's Club in fact with Telesis? No, that was Players' club. Oh yeah, yeah. Was it? Okay. 'cause he was a player. Yeah. Yeah he was. Yeah. You noted some other graffiti.


One of the ones that seemed to be from the same hand. This was in Hale Owen and it another town nearby. This is different just because had a different name and this one said who put Lu Bella, L-U-E-B-E-L-L-A. Lu Bella in the Witch Elm. And we mentioned that even though it seems like a, a copycat had done it 'cause it was in different script. It just gave them another name to look for. And so they looked for Lu Bella as well and came up cold as well. Yes. Yeah. They looked for everybody. Bella, Lou, Bella, Isabella, Lou Bega, everybody. And nothing came up. Right. You never know when he's gonna pop up on this show.


No, you don't. That was one of the best pranks ever played on us. Pretty good. If you don't know what we're talking about, it's just an Easter egg and listen to every episode and you'll learn. Yeah, yeah. So the witch elm thing, for those of us who aren't familiar with, with British trees Sure. The name Witch Elm does not mean witch. W-I-T-C-H. It's, you spelled it before. It's WYCH and it comes from an old English word, maybe vice vis WICE. And that means smooth or supple. And that, that describes the bark of a witch.


Elm has nothing to do with witches. Witches are not associated with the witch elm. It's not even spelled the same. And yet there's been an association with witchcraft and this case, at least in part because of that, even among Brits, like there was a folklore and archeologist named Margaret Murray, who loved to spin a good yarn. And she was one of the first people to associate this case with witches and basically said Witches killed this lady. Yeah. So she wrote a book, A prominent folklores and archeologist. She wrote a book, you know, many books, but one of 'em was called The Witch Cult in Western Europe.


So she was really into this, this thing and this kind of idea. And she had a theory that she had been promoting that European witches were in part of this ancient fertility cult where they had, you know, sacrifices and things like that made. And she was there in Birmingham in 1945 investing, investigating a different occult murder where a farmer had been killed through the chest and pinned down with a pitchfork while she was there, she hears, hears about Bella and the witch Elm. And she's like, well that's right up my alley. And very quickly was like, oh, well this was clearly some kind of witchy witchcraft, occult sacrifice that happened because putting corpses in a tree is a form of ancient tree worship.


And so that's obviously what happened here. Also, the, you know, this severed hand that we found near the tree with the bones, I guess the, the hand bones, that's part of an ancient thing called a Hand of Glory, which you dug up some stuff on, which I thought was super interesting. Yeah. It's, it's nothing like what it sounds like with Hand of Glory. Instead it's a old burglars superstition that you would take a severed hand and put a candle in it, like make it hold a candle. Or you would basically attach candles to all five fingers that tips of 'em and then you'd light it. And if it stayed lit, then that meant that everybody in the house you were about to rob was asleep.


If any of them went out, that meant that there was somebody still awake and you shouldn't rob that house. It had nothing to do with witchcraft. And then even more so there was no hand found severed from the body. That doesn't appear in any of the initial police reports. Yeah. It's just an, it's a great example of the lies that came up so to, to legitimize this idea that it was the hand of glory. Somebody just said along the way, maybe even Margaret Murray, that the hand was severed and found at the trunk of the tree. And you will see that everywhere. Yeah. Even in ones that don't mention witchcraft, it's just, that's how cases like this just get, you know, that's how they become unsolvable over time.


But I mean, I guess it doesn't really matter, but for some reason it's just always ticked me off. No, I get it. I don't know If you have your phone, but I just texted you a picture of, and I just wanna shout it out 'cause it looks so darn good on Etsy. A hand of glory candle. Oh yeah. The company is Wailing Dip Candles and it is a frighteningly realistic old hand with candlewicks coming out of each of the fingers in the thumb. I gotta check this out. Let me go grab my phone. Oh my gosh.


It's amazing. So Josh really did go get his phone, like, It doesn't even look old. It looks like they just severed a hand and, and planted some wicks on it. Like wow. Well it doesn't look young. Well, okay, so it looks like an aged person's hand. Yeah, but it's not like a mummified. No, no, no, no. It looks like a real hand. And I'm hoping we move these things. It's for this company, it's kind of pricey. It's 85 bucks, but I reckon If you amortize that over like 10 Halloweens, that's not too bad. It's like eight 50 a year to have a good spook. Yeah. I do feel like we need to change the name Hand of Glory though. First of all, it doesn't make sense. And secondly Sure. It really does sound dirty. Let's just be honest about It. Oh yeah. Unfortunately attaching the word glory to other objects is just, that's not so good.


Yeah, that's true. Blaze of glory. Good. Yeah, Just ask Jerry Jones. So the idea that it's witchcraft was, like we said, really just sort of invented by Margaret Murray who happened to be there investigating an another case altogether. Yeah. By the way, that was Charles Walton who was murdered almost certainly by his employer in a rage. Yeah, That's right. So that wasn't witch. He either, it was just like, no, I'm, I'm pitchforking your hay and I get mad at you and so I'm gonna kill you with a thing in my hand. Right. And you know what, actually we should probably take a break here. Oh, Whoa. Because we've been going for 19 minutes now and it's, oh my gosh. It's kind of a good little, little cliffhanger.


Okay, we'll be right back.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry me is like therapy. But for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit at strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa, wash away. Your worries with Anaba Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, so I mentioned a cliffhanger, it wasn't really a cliffhanger, I'm not sure why I said that, but let's jump forward a little bit to 1953 where the story takes a turn. Okay. There was a, a journalist there named Wilfred Wilfred Byford Jones apparently had a pen name that was KU Star. Hmm. It's basically, yeah. Q-U-A-E-S-T-O-R. And you can see The A in the e joined too you Yeah, I could see that. But oh, Wilfred wrote a bunch of very speculative articles about Bella's murder, which only led to confusion and falsehoods. A lot of it had to do with witches of course. And blaming stuff on the romany people, you know, what they called gypsies at the time like, like coming through town, doing something like that.


And all this to say one of these stories was caught by a reader who wrote in to Byford Jones under the name of Anna of cleverly. And basically was like, I know the deal, I'll just read it real quick. Finish your, finish your articles. Re the Witch Elm Crimes, by all means they're interesting to your readers, but you will never solve the mystery. The one person who could give you the answer is now beyond the jurisdiction of earthly courts. In other words, dead the affair is closed and involves no witches black magic or moonlight rights. The only clues I can give you are that the person responsible for the crime died insane in 1942 and the victim was Dutch and arrived illegally in England about 1941.


I have no wish to recall anymore. Right. And the police said, well ts because you're going to have a secret meeting with us. Yeah. I guess they, they found Anna and like brought her in for an interview. Yeah. And Anna's name was Una Mossop and she eventually became Una Haynesworth. But during the time of the murder, she was married to a guy named Jack Mossop. And I saw alternative alternatively that he worked in a local munitions factory or that he was a RAF instructor or that he worked in a factory building plane engines. Regardless he existed. He was married to Una and he Una told the story to the cops that one night Jack brought home a friend named Van Rolt, a Dutchman.


And that apparently at some point Jack admitted to Una that he was on Van ALT's payroll and Van Rolt was a spy for the Nazis. And apparently Jack was feeding him information about local factories and stuff to help the Lt Wafa plan their bombings. Right. So Jack was a real grade a bastard as far as things went because he traded his country in for some spending money. Right. And Una said one day Jack came home in March or April of 1941, came home late, he was drunk, but he was super agitated. Right. Said, you know, with Pale as a ghost, he said he'd been at a pub with Van Rolt and what he called a Dutch piece.


Who was this Dutch woman. I didn't know they used this, that kind of language back then, or maybe it meant something else. I have no idea. But that's, those were the words that he used. And then he said things got awkward. We can just chalk that up to understatement of the year. Yeah. She, I guess was also drunk, passed out in Van Walt's car. And Van Rolt supposedly as this story goes, had a very strange idea was Hey, let's go stick this woman in that tree and she'll she'll sober up in the morning and come to her senses. And Jack apparently Una said, was never the same. He started drinking more and more, quit working, still had this money.


But eventually Una said, I'm outta here and I'm leaving you, I'm taking our kid. She saw him again about a year later in 1942 when he was really coming apart at the seam saying that he keeps seeing this woman in his mind in the tree. She was leering at him and he was eventually committed to a mental hospital where he died about eight months before Bella's body was discovered. Yeah. He died of, as far as his death certificate is concerned, a combination of cerebral softening, myocardial degeneration, chronic nephritis and acute in acute something. Insanity. I can't even remember my own abbreviation.


Oh, okay. But you put those together in that guy's like Dead, dead, dead. So Una's story sounded like this actually all makes sense from what I can tell. She provided information that you wouldn't have just been able to glean from the papers and what's more, she didn't really have much to gain. No. She wrote in anonymously and resisted coming forward. So it wasn't like she was a publicity hound. It'd Be a weird thing to make up. She would be like a mastermind attention getter. Yeah. To to to really like, yes. It would be a weird thing to say to, to make up. Right. Yeah. I mean it's a weird thing to do to have that idea like, hey, let's go stuff that woman in a tree.


I mean it's Oh, gotcha. Beyond the No, that's weird. And then it's a weird thing for that not to have happened and for this woman to sort of invent it. It's all just beyond the pale. Exactly. One of the things is though, is so, like, if this was a joke, what, you know, what tree, how did Van Walt know that that tree right was there in the first place? Yeah. And that it had this 12 by 24, you know, space in it. The, the thing is this is far and away the most legitimate explanation for what happened. This is an unsolved case, it's an unsolved mystery. But for my money, like this is as close as we're ever going to get. No, I agree. You know, cops obviously searched for Van Rolt.


They searched for, you know, records wise, a Dutch national who may have fit the description that Una gave, but it went cold yet again. And then we flashed forward to 1968. There's a writer named Donald McCormick who picked up the case for a book he was writing called Murder by Witchcraft. And this is when he, I mean this guy doesn't have a very good reputation as a writer because it seems like he would just, they called him a fantasy historian. Like he would just make stuff up, make a, a lot of weird claims and theories. He would say things like, you know, I was able to interview someone exclusively who was anonymous and that no one else would could talk to.


And and here is that interview. And in this case he said, you know, this interview that I got with this guy that no one else knows about oral talk to and who shall remain anonymous was a former Nazi spy recruiter hiding in Paraguay and Bella was a Dutch born German spy named Clara or Clara Bella. And I've even got Nazi intelligence files on this, I'm not gonna show you, but it says that she parachuted in Birmingham in March or April, 1941. So the timeline fits and she happened to look just exactly like who was described by Una. Yeah. So Dave points out that this guy had a, a habit of making his puzzle pieces fit together a little too neatly.


Yeah. So essentially he found out about Una Mossops story and is decided to make it real by corroborating it with his imagination. This his book though is the, the book that we get. The very famous pictures that I was familiar with. Yeah, yeah. That caught my attention as a kid. But it's really important to point out here, the tree that he shows is not the tree that she was found in. You said toward the beginning of the episode that the cops chop that tree down to look for more evidence to it so that tree doesn't exist anymore. And yet that's that picture that Donald McCormick put forth as the tree is what you see on the internet still today is the tree she was found in.


And that that's possibly not even the kind of tree that she might not have been found in a witch elm. The cops mentioned that she was found in an elm, but that's it. And then apparently some people have been able to examine the photos of the original tree and said it's not a witch elm because you don't cut witch elms down that way. That story about you seeing that picture, when did that happen? It was probably like 10, 11. Oh I think probably in like a school library book or something like that about Mysteries I thought. Saw it recently. Okay. I I gotcha. No, no, that's, that's how I was walking around with this case for that many years. Okay. Like I saw it in some book when I was a kid.


I gotcha. That makes it So much better. I can, I can, I can even remember like the cellophane covering of the book cover even. That's the best I can feel it in my fingers right now. I can smell it. That's It. Smells awful. That makes much more sense 'cause you were talking in those sort of ways about it and I thought it was recent and I was like, that's a, a weird nostalgia for something that happened a few weeks ago. Right. It makes me nostalgic for yesterday. I can still Remember that moment in December. Right? No, not like that. I gotcha. Little kid stuff. Alright, so that's that book aside, another twist came in 2013, the Independent ran a story about Bella connecting it to a spy named Josef Yako, who's a German spy, who evidently parachuted into a field near Cambridge in February, 1941.


Got hurt really badly, could not walk, fired his pistol in the air to attract some, some help ideally. And then he said, Hey Fuzz. Yeah. So the cops come and he's in police custody. He has a, a wireless transmitter, a fake Id, almost 500 pounds in cash, but also a headshot, a photograph of a woman, but like a, a professional headshot of this, you know, attractive, smiling woman. And on the back of it in English it said, my dear, I love you forever, your Clara Landau 19 July, 1940. Okay. Yeah. So there's a lot that's weird about this. So Clara Landau, this picture of Clara Landau was actually a picture of Clara Bowerly who was well, a well known, I saw her described as a movie star, but at least a movie actress and a cabaret singer, a German lily bunch Stoop.


And so yeah, exactly. I think that's almost exactly who this could have been based on. Yeah. She was apparently, as far as Yosef Yoko's has, has said to MI five in multiple interviews that this was his mistress that they met in Berlin. Bowerly was singing with a group called the Bernard Eda Orchestra that just goes to show you Dave's dedication to research. Yeah, yeah. And that Jakob's and Bowerly were both crypto Nazis, meaning that they were not actual Nazis, they were pretending to be Nazis. And they had fooled the Germans, or at least Jakob had into taking him on as a spy and sending him to England.


He planned to get to England defect and make his way to America. But first he wanted to set up a fake operation enough to convince the Germans to send Bowerly after him. And this, this is it. That's it. Like that's, that's what Yo Yosef Yakob said. But the independent was like, Hoho, let's fill in some blanks and come up with our own theory. Donald McCormick style. Yeah. They, they did some research. They looked for, obviously for records for Clara Bowerly and they did find information and confirm. Yes, she was a, a cabaret singer in Germany. She would've been 35 years old at the time of the murder, just like the, the skeleton, you know, seemingly confirmed.


But had she, had she come to England was the big question. All they found was a Clara with a K Clara Sophie Bley, who was 35, who did go to Germany, I'm sorry, from Germany to England and stayed from 1930 to 32. But that was kind of it. No information at all about what she did in England, but they ran with it anyway. They did. I mean, think about it. So like she left a full eight, nine years before Bella and the witch Elm happened was, was killed. Yeah. And yet yeah, the independent's like, so what? So based on all this with a bunch of pie filling that they mashed in with it, the Independent came up with a new theory and, and I say we take a little break and come back and talk about it after this.


Ooh. Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Aase sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Aase brings you the ultimate and furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't Sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


So like I was saying, the Independent came up with their own pet theory for the Bella and the Witch Elm case and what it, what they said was, okay, so Clara, Clara Bowerly had come to England in the thirties and was a performer, a cabaret singer here as well as as in Germany. And that she became known as Clara Bella. Like maybe this is a stage name she adopted or something like that. But it was a mashup of her name Clara Bley. And that was the foundation that they based everything else else on. Yeah. They said, here's what she did. She parachuted into England in 1941. She was, you know, trying to catch up with her parachuting boyfriend, Joseph Yukos. And they thought that was the only way to get into a country, I guess, to drop into the middle of a field.


And they said, Hey, what if this Clara was who was in that tree who was killed by Van Rolt? Like we think that that's who was in the witch Elm. And that graffiti artist had to have known that Clarabelle Orella was her name and tried to get justice for this murder. Right. And they walked away like this. Yeah. Could you hear that? Did that come through? Yeah, I think so. So yeah, so there's some problems with this theory. Number one, she was not Clara b Bauer Lee was not five feet tall. She was approaching six feet tall. That's The biggest problem with this. Right.


That's a pretty big problem. I I would, I would say that there's an even bigger problem than this and that is that she died a full year after. Yeah, good point. Bella did in a German hospital of a barbiturate overdose. Yeah. The, those two very large problems with this story that did not keep them from running the story. No. And this is 2013. This isn't the independent, you know, decades ago, this was, well I guess a decade ago. Yeah. But still it was recent enough that they should know better than making up basically new theories and printing them as if they're basically facts. So one of the good things that came out of this was of Yosef Jakob's being brought into this case.


Although just totally like that was the independent that did that. That was like, he was not mentioned that he was not tangential the case. He had nothing to do with it basically. But his granddaughter, Giselle Kay Jakob's or Jacobs, I'm not sure which one she goes by. She has a PhD in Ancient History. So she knows about being a historian and she's applied some of that to the Bella and the Witch Elm case on a website called Yo yakob.info. And it is very well researched and well written information about this case. So if you're interested in it at all, go check that out. Yeah. Finally. Which is great. If you were wondering about DNA, you know, sometimes they can, you know, find DNA on old stuff, but everything has been lost.


Apparently all everything was being passed around and moved around in different boxes, in different labs. And this is in the 1940s and fifties and no one knows if it even exists at all anymore. Or if it's, you know, hidden away besides the, the arc of the covenant in some warehouse or something. You know. I mean, it's possible that someone will find it at some point, you know. Yeah. It might still be out there or it could have been lost or a, a building could have burned down. Like, who knows? Like our lost episode, Jerry has no idea. No idea where it went. That's gone for good. Yeah. That's not in any warehouse anywhere. No. Which is probably a good thing. And now we'll wrap up this episode with five minutes on the ancient Woodland management technique of Coppicing.


Very funny. You got anything else? I have nothing else. Well go forth if this floated your boat and read more about Bella and the Witch Elm the case. Just be wary of where your information's from and there's a lot more to it. There's a lot. Well there's a lot more out there to read. How about that? And in the meantime it's time for Listener mail. I'm gonna read this and preface it with, we got quite a few emails. Remember when you tied John Williams, I guess Star Wars people are gonna be so mad. Is it Darth Vader's theme or the Imperial Death March one of those Imperial something or other? Sure. Something like that. You tied that to, who was it, Bach?


I don't, I don't remember Chopin's Funeral March. Can I stand by? That's right, that's right. And we got quite a few music people that wrote in and were, you know, gave us the old, hey, well actually these differences here and there and here and there. Fair enough. Not knocking those people for knowing much more about that kind of thing than, than us. You just know what your ears told you. Well also I called up John Williams and he was like, yep, I love that funeral March. I keep Up the Good Work boys. He wrote our theme song too, by the way. Sure. No one knows that. No, but this is from Lad Who Gets Your Back. Hey guys, hope all is well. Finally, somebody said it.


Josh John Williams likes to borrow heavily from classic Works. Please listen to Du The Rite of Spring by Stravinsky and you will hear the theme from Jaws as well as many other hits that Mr. Williams has taken on loan. Not saying he hasn't done a lot for the genre, but if this is a sampling issue, he'd be paying a lot of money to those composers. Keep up the work and stay sexy. And that is from Lad. Thanks lad. Appreciate that. Loved your turn as the little kid in Lost Boys. Yeah. And I, oh by the way, we watch The Lost Boys with Ruby the other night.


What'd she think? That's her second sort of adult movie in a row after a Terminator two? She loved it. I looked it up beforehand. I was like, surely Lost Boys has some gratuitous nudity or some awful like sexy stuff and it really doesn't, it's some, some kind of gruesome stuff, but she's totally good with that and a little bit of language and she knows all that stuff. Sure. And she really dug The Lost Boys 'cause she likes all that spooky witchy stuff. Yeah, it's a really good movie. And it, you know, it was pretty fun. It's, it holds up in the way that eighties movies like that hold up. Yeah, it definitely did. I saw it not too long ago and I was like, this is like I said it before. I'll say it again. It's a good movie. Yeah, agreed. Well thanks a lot lad. Again, I appreciate being backed up.


That was very refreshing. And If you wanna be like lad and back me up about some stand I took that everybody tried to shout me down on and I said, no, I'm not gonna be shouted down. They're like, yes you are. And I said, no I'm not. And then it just kind of hung out there until you email in. We love that kind of thing. You can send us that email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly, S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.