
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, friends, Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals To find out more. Toyota, let's go places


this Welcome to Stuff, You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And, this is Stuff You Should Know. I got no little mini joke for this to start. Great. Let's dive into love drugs. Oh, okay. Well, Chuck, would you ever take a love drug if they were available? No.


But based on the, the couple of people that were sort of highlighting on, who've been researching this kind of thing, it's definitely something I think has more merit than when you just think about quote unquote love drug. Yeah, I saw, I think it was a new scientist, even some very legitimate science magazine source was saying like, these things are gonna be around in 10 years. So there's a group of philosophers, especially an ethicist named Julian Lesky from, oh, I think he's from Oxford. And then another guy named Brian erp, who I also believe is from Oxford.


They have kind of been hitting this hard and actually came out with a book called Love Drugs, colon. Colon, The Chemical Future of Relationships, I think in Europe, it's called Love is the Drug, which is a Roxy music reference, if I'm not mistaken, and there at the center of this whole talk. But one of the cool things about when a philosopher puts a book out, there's other philosophers that critique it and yeah, give interesting like alternative thoughts and explanations and stuff like that. And this is, there's, this is no different from anything else, but what KY and IP are basically saying is these things are coming and here's how they could work and here's what to look out for and how they can help.


And that's essentially the basis of this episode. Yeah, for sure. This comes with some caveats at the beginning, chiefly, because they use the word love drug. And that's a, that's a term that means a lot of things to everybody that you might ask right? Across different cultures, even within the same culture. Situationally love can mean something different to, to, to anybody. So the first thing to kind of know is that there's not anyone out there saying like, Hey, love is just a phenomenon. That's because of the chemicals in your brain. Like I think even the, the most hardhearted philosopher will say, or chemists will say like, yeah, there are chemicals that work in the brain that, that, you know, release all kinds of hormones and things that make us feel certain ways And, it, it factors in, but like there's also this indefinable thing that will never be able to like understand and control through a medication.


Yeah. I think what they're, what they're getting at then from that point on, instead of saying that, yes, we agree love is not just biochemical, but there are a lot of biochemicals involved in the feeling of love and whatever love is, it's associated with these chemicals. So if we can manipulate these chemicals, perhaps we can jack the feelings of love up or create love or strengthen love. That's, that's kind of like the position they're coming from. And so from that point on, just accepting that love has some sort of biochemical basis to it or signature to it, they then moved on to the work of an anthropologist named Helen Fisher who had dedicated essentially her career to love, basically.


And she divided love into essentially three parts. And this sounds really familiar to me. There's no way we haven't talked about this before, have we, did it seem familiar to you? Mm. Just feeling that way about you and Jerry and my wife and my daughter At the time. Okay, well let's get to it. Lust. Well, nevermind. Which Apparently you felt about me and Jerry. Romantic attraction sometimes. And then attachment, I think is the one you're talking about For sure. Those are the three stages. A lot of people will say that those occur in that order. Fisher is like, no, it can occur in really any order and then fall back out of order and back of order.


Which, you know, I, I kind of agree with that notion, but she does say that, you know, these are the things that package together as what we would look around the world at and agree on as romantic love, like a long-term love relationship. Yeah. And when you look around the world that it's expressed in different ways, sometimes very privately, sometimes there's PDA, like it, it's just different culturally. But If, you strip all that stuff away, you're going to find those three stages essentially, or those three parts of that package. Not everybody agrees with that. A, a psychologist named Lisa Diamond from the University of Utah, which by the way, if you're ever bored and you wanted to learn about epigenetics, go to the University of Utah site.


I think I mentioned this before. They have a world-class user-friendly epigenetics website. It's amazing. But anyway, Lisa Diamond believes in more of a split attraction model. And she says, sex and romantic attraction, they're independent biologically, they're functionally independent. They don't depend one another. And therefore Helen Fisher's wrong about this whole thing being a single package. Yeah. And she's got some points, and she can point to some studies that seem to back this up. One of which that she cites on the reg is that 61% of women and 35% of men have reported that they've experienced infatuation without a need for sex.


So that, that certainly makes sense. But If, you look at sex and romance and love and the way that the culture of a lot of the world looks at it, at least that three part chemical formula from Fisher carries a lot of common sense weight, I think. And we're gonna look at some of these chemicals now, including at first testosterone and estrogen, of course, which drive the libido. That's sort of the first bucket. Yeah. That's the last part. Right? Right. The next one, Chuck, would be the attraction part or the romantic attraction. And that, that's associated with a bunch of different ones.


Dopamine, norepinephrine, which increases arousal and attention cortisol, which is interesting, but it's totally makes sense when you think about it. Cortisol stress symptoms include things like racing heart and sweaty palms. Mm. Another one's serotonin, serotonin regulates mood and, and, and, and keeps out intrusive thoughts. So when there's a dysregulation of serotonin, those things can kind of creep in and you can feel intense, intense feelings and think about nothing else but the person you're romantically attracted to. And you put all those things together and you've got the, the chemistry, the brain chemistry essentially of romantic attraction, the thing that's beyond just lus the thing where you want to be with that person.


Yeah, for sure. And when you have that initial attraction, and then it settles into just sort of normal relationship status, I guess that puppy love sort of wears off. Those are chemical reactions as well, that cortisol that shot up and the lack of serotonin and those kind of level off. And that's why you level off. It's very sad, but it, it happens. So what about attachment? Attachment is oxytocin. That is one that we've talked about a lot on the show. Also, one that's very closely related, vasopressin, which is the one that males and male mammals at least is most important for bonding. And this is, you know, when you have sexual intercourse or maybe some other kind of intimate contact hugs, Even A good hug can release some oxytocin.


So we will other things that you can do like hugging, kissing other people, and that's when your empathy and your trust and your feelings of safety are really gonna ramp up. And that's, that's a big deal. That's how, well, that's how you become attached, Right? And so evolutionarily speaking, caring for offspring ha is facilitated by oxytocin in a lot of ways. There's a tremendous amount, remember oxytocin is in like, in part responsible for breast milk production. Like there's a huge increase of it during labor and delivery. It's a big deal. But it also has to do with pair bonding with mates, the, the people who come together and reproduce to create that offspring, to put it really biologically.


So the, there's a question. It's not just granted science that humans are pair bonding mammals, like say prairie voles, which we'll talk about in a minute. But as insofar as we are, the, the oxytocin has a lot to do with that, I think is what I'm trying to say. So much so that people call that the love drug. Yeah, for sure. Like If, you Google Love drug, you'll probably run across that pretty quickly. That or ecstasy. Yeah. Which we'll also get to, so the, one of the other big caveats, and I imagine like every lecture that Leski and ERP probably give, start off with them saying, by the way, when we're talking about a love drug or a love potion, we're not talking about what you've seen in movies and stories and fairytales when like some, some losers attracted to like the, the hottest person in their class, and so they spike their drink and all of a sudden that person thinks they're gorgeous and have, and that you have a winning personality.


They're like, we're not talking about that at all. There's, there's not a way to do that. And even if there was, that's ethically not, it's dangerous to, to even talk about something like that. But what we're talking about is people that are in relationships who are in long-term partnerships or marriages to use, potentially use these drugs to give them some boosts when they need it to in increase those feelings. Not necessarily take them back to like the puppy love stage, but not, not do that. Right. I say we take a break and we'll come back and talk a little more about that. How about that?


Yes, it's great. We'll be right back.


Hi everyone, it's me, Katie Couric. Have you heard about my newsletter called Body and Soul? It has everything you need to know about your physical and mental health. Personally, I'm overwhelmed by the wellness industry. I mean there's so much information out there about lifting weights, pelvic floors, cold plunges, anti-aging, So I launched body and soul to share doctor approved insights about all of that. And more we're tackling everything serums to use through menopause exercises that improve your brain health and how to naturally lower your blood pressure and cholesterol. Oh, And, If, you're as sore as I am from pickleball. We'll help you with that too. Most importantly, it's information you can trust. Everything is vetted by experts at the top of their field and you can write into them directly to have your questions answered. So sign up for Body and soul@katiecouric.com slash body and soul. Taking better care of yourself is just a click away.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast, rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady rebel. Like What does that even mean? I mean the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County rebels. But the image of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? I just, I just take all the other stuff Out. Segregation academies. When the civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from Bigger than a flag or mascot. You Have to be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Parents, are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with kids Bible Stories podcast, listen to Kids Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay, Chuck, so where we left off, we're basically saying that SQ and IP and all of them are like, we're not, you can't create love out of nothing at all as air supply would've put it from a for these love drugs or these, again, generally hypothetical theoretical love drugs, but you could use them to help people who want to stay together but for one reason or another have lost the, the attachment that they once had that could help people a lot. And that's kind of what they're, they're pointing to is like the main use of something like a love drug if we ever come up with one. Yeah. And they'll also say things like, Hey If, you think we sound like human monsters for trying to sort of regulator and increase these good time feelings by the use of drugs?


Like what do you think happens when a married couple that's been married for 25 years and are a little sick of each other, they go on a sweet awesome vacation or go out and have a couple of drinks together and at a nice dinner. It's basically the same thing that we're talking about is like tho those are things that people are accepting as a, a, a way to do that in your marriage. And we're just talking about doing it in a way that's just a little more dialed in in scientific. Exactly. You can take a love drug or you can go to PF Chang's your choice, right? But the the results gonna be the same. You're gonna fall right back in love. Right? Yeah, sure. So yeah, there, that is a question though.


It's kind of like, okay, well wait a minute, what if we're not, if humans aren't actually para bonnet, if we're not evolutionarily meant to be monogamous, then it does kind of seem to be at least counter evolutionary to take a drug to stay together. I mean what if that's like, you know, that's a, that's a signal that boredom is a signal that you need to find a different relationship or move on from the other one. I mean that might be true in some cases, but there's also plenty of cases too where people are not functionally able to be attached as they want to be to their mates in a relationship. Say people with autism, people with A DHD, they might want to be in that relationship, but they're not bringing it like they need to.


That's a good example of how of supporting a monogamous relationship essentially, rather than just forcing somebody to stay in by drugging them. Yeah, for sure. And also like, even though this might fly in the face of evolution, because I think they even say that, you know, it seems like evolutionarily we're supposed to get together, have a kid and stick around together for about four years to get that kid going in life. And then that's it evolutionarily speaking, but they're quick to point out like there are a lot of benefits to long-term coupling, you know, it's good for your mental health or you know, that studies have shown that it can be good for your mental health and physical health and overall wellbeing.


So, and people are doing it anyway, you know, they're not like trying to, to rewrite this. People are staying married anyway. So they're saying, why don't we give people better tools in a clinical setting as like part of couples therapy so they can connect on a level that they haven't in a while. Yeah. You can make a case like evolutionarily speaking, we should be beating up people who have different hair color than us. Right. But we don't do that because we've agreed as modern society, that's not, that's in the past, evolutionarily speaking, you can make the same thing for monogamous relationships. Even if we didn't evolve to socially speaking, we've decided as humans we're kind of into that kind of thing. So why not use a drug to support that when needed?


That's what they're saying. That's what they're saying. And also they're pointing out things. These guys make a lot of good points have To say. Yeah. And also, so does Livia by the way, who helped us out with this one. Yeah. Livia weighed in on some stuff and I, I thought it was all like super valid and smart, but they also point out things like, Hey, you know, we're on a bunch of anti love drugs. Like a lot of these SSRIs that people are taking are lowering their sex drive, maybe dampening their feelings and and sort of dulling their feelings, which is gonna affect their partner. And the medical community is like prescribing this stuff to individuals when people aren't just individuals.


They're in partnerships and marriages where they, the whole family needs to be considered with stuff like this and the medical community doesn't, doesn't look at it that way. And they should. Yeah. And, and they're using the opportunity in discussing love drugs to point out that like you, we should be doing this with other drugs that are already in wide use, like you said, SSRIs, like drugs that impact the way that you interact with other people for good or ill, this has to be considered And, it should be considered as part of the love drug too, right? I think that's essentially what they're saying. Yeah. Yeah. As well as like, hey, you don't just have to use these drugs to, to treat a, a disease.


Like why not use these drugs for people that don't have any disease to actually enhance their life and their romantic life. That's a huge one too, because what they're essentially saying, I watched a couple of lectures by Brian ERP and he kinda really hit on this in one of them. He was, he was basically saying like, we have this as as society, at least American society, we have this really weird like dichotomous view of drugs, right? Drugs that are made by pharmaceutical companies that are prescribed by doctors. A okay. But we only use those to treat maladies when you start to use those same drugs that are pharmaceuticals and prescribed to improve something that we've already agreed as a good enough baseline, now you're entering into the realm of recreational drugs.


And we, we as a society are basically like, we're not cool with recreational drugs. And that's what SCU and erp, one of the other points they're taking the opportunity to point out is like, that doesn't make any sense morally, ethically, why would you not use something that can improve something that to make you happier, to make you feel closer to your mate even if you're already doing good enough? And I think that's a really good point too. But the other part of that point is there's a concern that we would, if we start creating love drugs, then as a society we, we would expect pharmaceutical companies to come up with some malady that these need to treat or else they're not gonna go anywhere.


So we need to come up with something like hypo lavia or something like that where we're just not that good at loving, so we need these pills. Yeah. And now all of a sudden we have labels like you're not very good at loving, there's a new label for somebody. Just because we can't be like, this is in and of itself is a good thing. We don't have to medicalize it. Yeah. Don't take lu aself If. you have a bad reaction to Lu Aself. That's right. That's a little inside joke for our live show fans, right? Yeah, for sure. Which we'll be releasing that not too far from now, I would guess, right? Yeah. Probably end of the ish fall. Yeah. Late fall, Let's say. Let's say, yeah, late fall.


Alright. So you know, what kind of drugs are we talking about? You know, who knows what's coming down the line. If we're looking at what's in front of us right now, we can talk about a few things. We've already talked about booze, alcohol is a drug and alcohol is a drug that is already used for this. They use this sabaco and er, you know, use this as an example of like the potential like, hey someone, it's fine if someone goes out and has a couple of drinks on a first date to, to sort of relax them and make them a little more socially, maybe less awkward if that's how they might feel. And you know, again, they're saying like, this is what we're talking about. We're already doing it with booze.


Yeah. I mean that Yeah, that's a great smart thing to point out because it's like, oh, okay, well you just disarmed me valesky. That's a point to you. They also point out that we have sex drugs in rock and roll. Like Viagra is a sex drug taking testosterone low. T ask Frank what's his name? He'll tell you the ladies are gonna like it too. These are libido boosting chemicals or erection producing chemicals and the point of them is to have more or better sex. Right? And so SCU and Herb and their ilk aren't saying like, that's a love drug. They're saying these drugs can help facilitate the things that produce feelings of love, say like the release of oxytocin that comes from sex.


So indirectly, those are already love drugs that are on the market. Wait, who's frank? So-and-so Frank, he's a hall of fame, MLB slugger from the nineties maybe early two thousands. Oh, oh, Frank Thomas. Yes. He does those ads with Doug Flutie. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen those. I forgot about Those. And he does that creepy, like she's gonna love it too. Yeah, it's a little creepy, but also like it's well, they got paid for those, nevermind. Yeah, I was gonna say good for them for like, you know, for taking the mantle of, of men with low T, but so good for them. Sure.


So you mentioned prairie voles earlier. Prairie voles are, are great little rascals. They're good comps for, for human behaviors when it comes to, to mating and bonding and stuff like that. They bond in ways that are kind of like us in our marriages. So they bond initially to because of sex because that oxytocin is released kinda like we do when they're bonded. They like to spend time with one another. They nest and make homes together. They care for their offspring together. They work together, they Go to the farmer's market together. Yeah. They go to the farmer's market, they, they buy those light up roses at traffic stops, People buy those.


Sure. I thought it was just some sort of ploy for something else. Like there's you Know A a a kilo of cocaine in the bottom of that bucket. Right. Or they want you to like come meet their friend, the leader, Right? Yeah, exactly. Well maybe it is, I've never bought 'em, but they've done lab experiments where they have been ministered oxytocin to females and then the vasopressin for the males And it, it caused them to bond just like they would if they had m it without mating. And If, they block those chemicals, they don't form the bonds. So it's kind of, you know, it's not direct proof, but it's kind of like sitting right there saying, hello, this works. Yeah. And I mean, again, it, prairie rolls are definitely pair bonded species and humans aren't necessarily, but the fact that the, all of those brain chemicals do the same things to them that they appear to do to us, it's pretty, it is a useful model for sure.


And oxytocin, again, we're gonna keep hitting that because there's good reason why people call it the love drug. And there's already available on the market intranasally taken like one of those nasal sprays that you squeeze. It's oxytocin, it's available in that form and it shouldn't cross the blood brain barrier. But it does something, it actually does have an effect. Studies have shown, like this actually has an oxytocin like effect on the people who use it. They think maybe if it doesn't actually cross the blood brainin barrier, it just raises the general level of the oxytocin in your system. Who knows? But from that, people have proposed uses of this stuff that's already on the market in ways that are not quite love, but more kind of tap into the idea that you can build trust with somebody through oxytocin and that If you dose them with that they will have to trust you.


And here's the other thing about oxytocin is there have been a lot of studies on this stuff, kind of like the, the early two thousands is when all this got heavily researched, you know, the early, the beginning of it. And a lot of those results were, you know, pretty astounding. But a lot of those studies also can't be replicated now. So, you know, experts are now saying like, Hey, all those, all those early studies about oxytocin, we really need to kind of pump our brakes a little bit. Not saying completely discount it, but like, let's just do more research. Yeah. And like some of those, some of those uses that were proposed that go beyond love. There was a Air Force major named David Deaths who in 2007 wrote a master's thesis on using oxytocin spray for things like hostage negotiation and riot control to establish immediate like trust with the police or the military or whatever.


And of course all of this is theoretical, but that's exactly what Valesky and IP and, and the people that are with them are, are trying to do. They're saying like, this stuff could be coming and we need to talk about like how it's fraught and how it could be useful. And that's a good example of how it's fraught. You don't want people controlling you or making you trust them, even though you probably shouldn't just because they've dosed you with oxytocin if that ever really becomes possible. Yeah. And you know, urban SCO will also say like, you know, it, it seems to help out in some positive ways, but also some negative ways. And experts will chime in and say, well, yeah, but in a very limited way, like introducing this, you know, in a, in a, not a fake way, but I guess what would it be called?


Exogenous way to your body. Just go out and take a hike and do some exercising or give someone a hug. Yeah. And that's about the same effect that you're, you're gonna be getting by introducing it, you know, exogenously. Yeah, Exogenously. I like the, I liked it the first time. I kinda do too actually. But the great thing about an intranasal oxytocin spray is you don't have to give somebody a hug. Right, exactly. And then also MDMA we said is something that comes up a lot when you search love drug and for good reason too, I mean it does some wacky stuff to your brain chemistry, including massive releases of oxytocin, dopamine, norepinephrine, cortisol, serotonin, all the stuff that Helen Fisher was hammering, create lust, romantic love attachment, all that stuff gets released to varying degrees when you take MDMA.


It also makes you grind your teeth like crazy. And so people have said, okay, this could conceivably be used therapeutically in some form. And especially before it was outlawed in 1985, people were already studying it like that. They were using it in therapeutic settings like couples therapy. Yeah, for sure. And then when studies come out to say, you know, when you take MDNA, you're more connected. You're, you're more loving to people. There's a greater bond when it comes to even like casual conversations. They, it seems like everything seems more meaningful. Someone might also say, yeah, but the same thing happens when you take methamphetamine.


It's just impacting instead of oxytocin, it's impacting dopamine and norepinephrine. And like you said, since 85 MDNA MD ma sorry, has been banned for study and therapeutics, but it is, it is still used in different countries a lot of times with people who have PTSD diagnoses and, and couples therapy to pretty great effect. Yeah, I was reading there's some couples therapists, kind of rogue couples therapists who are like, I can't tell you to go buy MDMA and I certainly can't tell you where to go buy it, but I can tell you that If, you have it on you and you show up to this particular place, we're going to be having a retreat where you and your wife would be able to take this in a therapeutic setting.


Yeah. So people are still trying it and anecdotally they report, especially compared to methamphetamine, the, there's a lasting effect of like the attachment that can be produced by MDMA that last beyond, you know, the experience of being on MDMA. So it could conceivably be used as such, but I think if there's, you know, if we can isolate oxytocin and you can use that. I, I would guess we were probably gonna go more in that direction than MDMA And If. you have cash, you might see my office manager in the parking lot. Oh yeah. I don't know anything about it, Right? Sharkie, Is that the office manager?


Yeah. With loads of MDMA. Let's take our second break and we'll come back and talk about the opposite of this. How about that? Well, Let's do it.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23, that's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady Rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County Rebels. But the image of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? I just, I just take all the other stuff out Of it. Oh, segregation academies. When civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from that Bigger than a flag or mascot. You have to be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi everyone, it's me, Katie Couric. Have you heard about my newsletter called Body and Soul? It has everything you need to know about your physical and mental health. Personally, I'm overwhelmed by the wellness industry. I mean there's so much information out there about lifting weights, pelvic floors, cold plunges, anti-aging, So I launched body and soul to share doctor approved insights about all of that. And more we're tackling everything serums to use through menopause exercises that improve your brain health and how to naturally lower your blood pressure and cholesterol. Oh, And, If, you're as sore as I am from pickleball. We'll help you with that too. Most importantly, it's information you can trust. Everything is vetted by experts at the top of their field and you can write into them directly to have your questions answered. So sign up for Body and soul@katiecouric.com slash body and soul. Taking better care of yourself is just a click away.


All right, so back to SCU and Herb. It's fun to say together, isn't It? What, what kind of singing duo are they? Oh, let's see. IIII think one of them plays the organ and the other one plays the saxophone. Oh, oh, Really? Low key, mellow stuff. Okay. That sounds pretty good. Okay. Alright. So another thing that they propose, like you mentioned before the break is, is the opposite of that. Maybe some drugs that help you get away from the feeling of love. Let's say you're in a relationship that is let toxic or complicated or even abusive and you have a hard time leaving because you have this attachment that you just can't let go of to your abuser or to your toxic friend or loved one.


And maybe If you are stuck in that loop. We can design drugs to give you the, the, the courage to get out that. Yeah. I also saw in one of those lectures that ERP gave some other examples of how this could be useful. Anti love drug, essentially If, you are a pedophile seeking help or treatment. Yeah. It could be useful for that. If, you are involved in an incestuous relationship. You don't wanna be, it could be helpful for that if you're committing adultery and you love the person, but you really love your spouse even more, it could be useful for that. And then lastly, If, you are selling those electric roses on the side of the road. It can help you stop loving your cult leader as well.


So, oh man, there's a, there's a lot of other uses for it too that you just wouldn't think of, but when you do think of it, you're like, actually, it would be great to have a drug for those people that need that kind of help. And one of the other great things about this is that there's no real downside to that. Like there's a, there's a lot of objections as we'll see to the idea of creating love, but how can you object to breaking harmful love? There's really no, no problem with that. That's kind of like, that's probably the best or least objectionable use of a, of a drug that has to do with an effect on love, you know? Yeah, for sure.


It's probably no surprise that there's been a lot of cri criticism about all of this stuff. There was a German ethicist named Vin Olm in 2014 that got wind of what valesky and ERP were doing, and they said, you know what? It, I don't even know if this counts, if it's essentially synthetic. Like it's, it's not, it's not real. It's not these innate characteristics that people develop in a natural, organic way. It's it's a chemically mediated sort of thing that you're designing. Yeah. And you could see him being like, okay, that I, that's a, that's a pretty obvious objection.


But he, he laid it out pretty well and essentially said like, what this focus is on is, you know, all of the things that that a, that an a loving attachment can produce like health and lower depression and, you know, a stable environment for the kids. Like those are the goods that you guys are focusing on. What if we stop looking at love like that and look at it as love is intrinsically good in and of itself, it doesn't matter what other great effects it has, love itself is good enough. Then if you're producing that chemically, even though you're creating all of these great side effects like stability in the house, or, you know, just good times, it's still, it's not love.


You can't say that it's, it's love. That's, that's ultimately what his objection is. Yeah. There's another guy from Cal State, a guy named Jacob Blair, another philosopher who talk about, you know, he just imagines two people in a relationship and he's saying, well, here's the thing though is one's love for the other doesn't depend on the actual true characteristics of that person and like, who they really are. And like, I hear what you're saying Ko about like, yeah, but you know, romantic dinners, it's the same thing and alcohol's the same thing. But he argues back that like, yeah, but you can't go to romantic dinners every night and just have three or four drinks every night to keep that, you know, quote unquote genuine love going.


It's not like a good comp Who can afford to go to PF Chang's every single night. Not me, Man. Nobody, not even the owner. PF Chang himself couldn't afford that. So there's another objection to what Jacob Blair and ve Olm were saying in defense of Lesky and or by a Montreal ethicist named em, or Haem na em na h Mnar argues that even if you're just producing something that's like not actual love, those side effects that are good are could be enough to keep you around so that you are still experiencing all the stuff that, that love produces.


And so if it's not actual love, you could still conceivably appreciate the other person's characteristics that make you love them. And so the whole thing kind of becomes Hurley burley at that point. And really what's the problem? are you guys just being philosophers? Being philosophers I think is what Narra was saying. Yeah. There's there's definitely a lot of that for everybody who is a philosopher. Right. You know? Yeah, For sure. That's just the, the nature of the beast. So It really is, they love to argue and put up weird situations to prove their point. Yeah. I mean that's just the deal. There's a bioethicist named Peter Harrison Kelly who went about it in arguing it in a little bit different way, which is the notion of something like oxytocin being a love drug.


You know, it all depends on this notion that that attachment is a feeling like it's a drive that you have. And he said, I don't think it's that that that that's a case actually. It's not like you don't have this drive to constantly feel this way toward a person. Like you have these hormones that may encourage that, but you already have to have that attachment in place to begin with. but I mean, it seems like that's kind of what Herp and Leski were saying though, right? Yeah. I didn't a hundred percent understand what the issue that Harrison Kelly was raising was that ERP and esque didn't agree with like you were saying, like they're saying like, yeah, you can't create this out of the blue, but you can support it I guess what he was saying is more he disagrees with Helen Fisher's idea.


Like you were saying that it's a drive, like you can't compare attachment to hunger. Like attachment is its own thing. It's separate from all of that. So you're not boosting attachment, you're boosting the trappings of attachment. The feelings that you get from attachment are Yeah. Being boosted, but the don't make any mistake that you're actually boosting attachment itself. Yeah. Yeah. I think is what he's saying that it's, it's more than just some sort of biochemical drive. So yeah, in a way he's certainly arguing and at the same time supporting their point, I think. Yeah, I think, I think I agree. That's exactly what he's saying. Totally. And then, you know, of course we have to talk finally about the fact that, you know, these kind of things in the wrong hands.


You know, we've talked about spiking a drink or something like that. Being a just an, it's an awful thing to do conversion therapy. I could definitely see this getting into the hands of people who think they could use it to convert l lg BTQ people like, you know, hey, let's just go put two, two people in a room together of, you know, put a man and a woman there together and give them this drug and see if that cures 'em, that kind Of thing. Right, exactly. Yeah. There's a lot of ways that it could be misused and I think ERP and Lesky were criticized as basically saying like, no, you just make sure that you regulate 'em and make sure that the, that they're prescribed correctly.


And they were definitely called out as naive for suggesting that that's the only way that they would be used. So yeah, that is definitely something that makes it fraught for sure. I agree. Fraught. You got anything else about love Drugs coming soon? No, it seems like it's coming soon in some way or another. Yep, For sure. And If, you wanna know more about love drugs? Just wait I guess and see What happens and see If. you can get your doctor to prescribe them and in the meantime it's time for Listener Mail. Yeah, I'm gonna call this, I'm, I'm glad I got this email because I I've been getting this wrong all these years. Oh no, what with the, with this song title. Okay.


Or the I guess. The the singer. Hey guys, listen to the episode on Share. One of you mentioned And, it was me, Chuck working at retail at Christmas. It was at the Gap and repeatedly hearing the song, Santa's got a brand new bag by James Taylor, which, you know, you correct me in the moment. Obviously it's James Brown, but he said James Brown is also incorrect. The song is clearly an homage to James Brown. It is actually by a bunch of white kids from Detroit called Bob Seger and the last heard Oh wow. Yes, that Bob Seger, he says the title is Socket to Me Santa And. it was released in 1966 on the Cameo Parkway records label, probably my favorite Christmas song in 2018, an anthology of last heard singles from 66 to 67 was released, I believe the first time they've been compiled in one place.


This is also an unrelated r and b funk song. Oh, there is also an unrelated r and b funk song called Socket to Him Santa by Joe Chana, CIR 68. That's worth a listen. And of course James Brown does have a Christmas album with some pretty great tunes and he died on Christmas Day. I didn't know that. 2006? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That was some deep cuts. Who is that? I didn't even bother looking any of this stuff up. So I. Hope Kevin Schneider is right. He certainly comes across as confident. So I believed every word. Yep. Same here Kevin. Thank you for mesmerizing us with your musical knowledge and If. you wanna be like Kevin and Mesmerize us. Take your best shot. You can send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At public.com you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place. 5.1% A p is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and s not a bank, not investment advice.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I Was a lady rebel. Like, what does that even mean? It's right here in black and white in Prince They lion. It's bigger than a flag or mascot. Listen To Rebel spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi. I am Am Mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back. And this season we're taking an even bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen To Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.