
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any field experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring academy award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And I guess it's a new year because I just had the spirit of John Strickland pass through me when I welcomed everybody. Did you hear that? Enthusiastic, Hey. Yeah. A little bit of a, well, not a COA, I guess just sort of a updating is, this is our first recording of the new year and we had our longest break ever. You know, I think everyone knows we take a, a nice long Christmas break, but this year it's stretched into November and so we've been gone for a long time.


Yeah. And I'm like, do I even know how to do this anymore? Yeah, same here. I keep making this your sound whenever I move. Oh, no, no, don't do that. I can't help it. It's just I'm that rusty. And also this topic, it's good, but it's, we will try and keep it as streamlined and easy to understand as possible. There's a lot of moving pieces. Sure. And there's a lot of Norwegian names that we've, I still don't know how to say the letter with like the null set. I think it's like a lau. Is it? Okay. I mean, I'm gonna treat 'em as umlauts. I'm Pretty sure it's the same thing as a lau. Okay. Okay. We're, we're still gonna screw up some of this, but don't worry about the names too much.


You know, we should just name everyone you know, bill one, bill two, bill three, right. Or leaf tea. But anyway, we're gonna give it our best. Go. Welcome back my friend. I'm, it's, I'm glad to be back in the studio after this wonderful break. Same here man. Same here. Welcome back yourself. So yeah, we're talking today about one of the more unsung operations of World War ii. Yeah. Unsung, I guess depending on where you live. If you live in Norway, it's sung all over the place. It's like a top 40 hit there. It's sunk so much. Well it is now. Yeah. Yeah. It took a little while, didn't it? Weirdly. Yeah. But here in the US we don't know about it as much because we were kind of tangential to it, if at all.


It was more a, a joint operation between the Brits and the Norwegians, the nor Norwegian resistance we should say. And the whole thing is called Operation Gunnerside. And I have to say, I want to give a big thanks to one of our listeners, Matthew Alt Bouchard, who suggested this one, I think back in November. Oh wow. And it got, it went right to the top of the list. So here we are talking about it now in January. Yeah. I'm sure you got that email and you're like, unsung saboteur story defeating the Nazis. Right. Be still my heart. Yeah. So the whole thing kind of starts off, I think back in like 1939 when some German physicists figured out that you could split the atom through fission and release a bunch of energy.


And very, very quickly after that the, a physicist around the world were like, this is really great. We can come up with a whole new source of energy for it. This could also be an extremely dangerous weapon. And right after that, world War II started and the allies started working on the bomb and they assumed that the Nazis were also working on a bomb. Yeah. So that's kind of like the, the mentality that was going on with this story really starts. Yeah, I mean it was sort of a race to see who could get there first. And I mean, I learned a lot researching this. I didn't know a lot about a lot of this stuff. Even though we've done episodes about nuclear fission and, and the like. But there, there's more than one way to skin a cat as it turns out.


If you want to try and make a, a reaction big enough to cause a big boom. And one of the, the routes that was taken by, well not the Americans, I guess the Germans were trying to take this route, was to use something called heavy water. AKA, how would you say that? Deuterium oxide. Okay. D two O, which is like H2O. It's like regular water. This heavy water is except instead of a nor a normal hydrogen atom there as an H2O that is now replaced by a hydrogen isotope deuterium, which makes it literally heavier. Yeah. And the reason why is because deuterium has a neutron where hydrogen doesn't, that's the only difference.


Yeah. I mean it's still, you could cook with it, you could bathe in it, you probably wouldn't really notice any difference 'cause it's two atomic units heavier. So it's not like you would like be crushed down to the shower floor If you had it running through your house or anything. Or water balloon fight that kid that kid's using heavy Water. Exactly. Giving kids black eyes at that thing. Yeah. So, but the reason that it was useful or is useful still in nuclear reactions is because of that neutron that it has. Right. So when you carry out a nuclear reaction that produces an explosion, you have a uncontrolled nuclear reaction. That's the one that where it just goes kaboom. And a huge amount of energy is released at once.


Yeah. That's the whole point. Yes. For the bomb part. But to make the stuff that actually blows up, usually plutonium, you have to carry out controlled nuclear reactions and to do, to make it controlled, to kind of bring some order to the chaos and slow things down just enough that it will never explode. Yet it will still produce energy that you can use to create plutonium. If you bash uranium with a bunch of neutrons. Yeah. You, you add a moderator and heavy water as a moderator because all those fast neutrons bouncing around will knock into the heavy water and it will transfer energy to the heavy waters neutrons.


But it slows the process down. That's right. And in the same way, you couldn't use regular water. 'cause regular water would be like, oh thanks for the freed neutron jump and turn into heavy water I guess. So regular water wouldn't work, heavy water would work. The problem is, is heavy water's really, really rare. Yeah. It's super rare and it's takes a long time to get just a little bit of it. I think it's like if you're just look looking at a regular water source, there's one deuterium oxide molecule for about every 20 million regular ones. So it's, it's not needle in a haystack territory. Molecularly speaking, but it's not far off.


The Germans went the route of heavy water as their moderator. The Americans looked around for a moderator and they said, what about Josh Clark? He's a pretty levelheaded guy. I just show up with my note cards in the blazer. By the way, our first sidetrack of the year, I re reminded Ruby last night that we had a TV show for the probably 15th time in our life. And she was like, you did? And we tried again and actually watched an entire episode. Which One? We watched the the one with John Hodgman and also starring my neighbor Catherine, which was the final episode at how we wrote it, but not the final episode and how it aired.


Right. We won't get into that. But I have to say, dude, you were like pretty good and a lot of that as an actor. And I was not. I disagree. You're always so hard on yourself. You were great man. You were, you were at least as good as I was. And I don't, that's to say you were middling I think. I think you're, it's very nice of you to say. But like from an, I think I had a real like outside point of view last night and I was like, you know, Josh was pretty good in a lot of this. And Emily said he really was. Wow. And I said I never felt that comfortable and like I was doing a good job. Like every once in a while I was okay. But I thought, and I think you had real possibilities as an actor.


Well thank you. I appreciate that. It was probably from a year spin as a emo drama kid, it was pretty good. Thanks. And Ruby made it through the episode and I was like, Hey, that's our neighbor and that's John, you know John. So that I think, you know, helped hold our interest a little bit More. Yeah. That was like the space one, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was a good one. It Was. It was pretty good. So long way of saying you were not available as moderator because you weren't born yet. So the US ended up pursuing Graphite as a moderator. Either one can be used. We went graphite. The Germans, I guess we'll get to their, the reason they went with hard water toward the end, right?


Yes. And tag that in the end. Yeah, I Think so. Alright. So anyway, hard water is what they're after. And as it turns out there was a chemist in Norway named Leaf Leaf T Leaf tea. Yeah, exactly. Who was, who understood how to find these molecules in the best way possible. 'cause he was doing it for a different reason there, right? Yeah. So Trsad was one of these early people who was like, Hey, this is weird and different and new and we can figure out how to get at least very small amounts of it. And there's gotta be some cool uses for this like scientific non weapon uses.


Yeah. And one of the ones that he thought of very early on was use it as a a tracer, which I guess you give somebody a glass of heavy water and then Yeah. You know, look at their kidneys and see if there's heavy water coming out of 'em and be like, well there's your leak. Right? That's what That's what I think. Yeah, exactly. So that's why he was pursuing it. And he was doing that for a company called VOR Nors, not Nors or Nors. Nors with a K hydro plant. And that was in the county of, of course Telemark Right in the country of I guess Norway. Right? Sure, Yeah. You got a word like nors in front of you, you're talking Norway.


Yeah. So he's at work producing a few milliliters of that. What like every day or so? Yeah, from like liters and liters and gallons of water. They would just get the tiniest amounts because I still don't quite understand how they were doing it. But essentially they were separating out this one in 20 million molecule of heavy water from regular mountain water that Nors black magic. Yeah. And so like the whole plant was originally a hydroelectric power plant. And then they converted to using electrolysis to I think create ammonia, which is very handy in fertilizers and explosives. And then it was T trsad who was like, we need to set up basically a separate heavy water operation.


So by the time World War II broke out the plant at Vermar, I'm pretty sure I said that right. Vermar and ver Mindy. Sorry, mark and Mindy. Vermar and vermin. I got it. Okay. It just took a second. I was like, well I'm gonna laugh at it. No, I was, I was making sure I didn't screw something else up. Sorry. Okay. That's a quality Joke. Thank you. By that time, that plant was the world leader in heavy water production. That's right. Alright, so park that to the side. They're producing heavy water at a rate. No one had ever seen like a cup full a day. And World War II begins in 1939. And like I said, the Germans were like, Hey, we should try and get on this heavy water train.


And they didn't, that's not why they invaded Norway. They invaded Norway because they were Nazis. Sure. Norway was neutral, had declared themselves neutral. But in April of 1940, they invaded anyway and were defeated pretty quickly. It took a couple of months, even though they had help from the Allied, they were no match for the German army. And the Germans did, as they do, they established a Nazi government there. And the people did not like that because they're Norwegian. They were like, no, no, no, we're gonna resist. They went on strike here and there. They didn't cooperate in other ways to kind of just, you know, get in the way of progress of Nazi progress. And so the Nazi says, all right, martial law has been declared, If you resist, you will be put to death.


And so a lot of Norwegians left, obviously fought from other places and a lot of them said, you know what, we're gonna stay here and maybe work with the allied kind of undercover as moles. Yeah. It as like a, a secret resistance, right? Yeah. And one of those people was trsad, at least at first. And then it became clear that he basically needed to get outta Dodge. So he ditched and went to, I think he went straight to the UK because after the, the Nazis set up this program, like, it was, it was not a pleasant place to be when they took over Norway. The whole thing Chuck reminded me of, do you remember way, way, way early in the podcast we stumbled upon Sea Mo Ohio, the, the White death, the Finnish sniper who was just like a farm boy.


Yeah, totally. Who like, I think killed more Russians than anybody else in the war. Yeah. That remind you of That guy. Yeah. I just remembered Si mo Haya. So I thought I'd give him a shout out. Yeah. But I'm surprised you called up that name. Nice work. So, but Leaf tronto, he became like a really valuable asset because this guy is like the world leader in heavy water production. Yeah. Who has all of the inside dirt on the place where the most heavy water is being produced. And it's very clear now that the Nazis have taken over this plant and stepped it up from like a few milliliters a day to like, I think a few kilograms of heavy water a day. Yeah.


That they have designs on making an atomic bomb. And in with the allies, the, the three words, Nazi atomic bomb was among the most frightening combination of words you could possibly come up with. Yeah, totally. And even today, you know, you're like, God, a, a Nazi atomic bomb. That'd be horrible. And then you remember, oh yeah, the Americans dropped two atomic bombs on population centers and that was pretty bad too. Yet still, somehow Nazi atomic bomb seems even worse. Yeah, it does. So he, like you said, went to the UK there he met up in real life with the intelligence people he had been working with, you know, on the down low from a long distance, which I imagine was a pretty fun meeting.


Sure. They probably had some tea and caught up in person and he started training these commando units to be saboteurs to eventually do their, their, you know, saboteur work in Norway. And the whole time was staying in contact with his allies at the, at the plant there at Vmor. And eventually, and we're just gonna say these names again. I wish we could all nickname them all to make it easier to keep up with. But one of the guys there that he kept in touch with who will play fart in this story is named Iar Skinner Land. That's pretty easy. Yeah. Swallow Blue was his code name.


And that feels like a pretty good place for A break. I think it is. Yes. Alright, so we do remember how to do this and we'll be right back right after this. Wanna Learn about a terrorist oral? How to take a per F's murder? Explain everything word up Jerry.


Let's be real. Life happens. Kids still pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet-friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers. Starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world. And when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why, why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement. Because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's Right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Chuck, have you seen that movie? The Ministry of Un Gentlemanly Warfare? It's like a newish guy Richie movie? No, It's pretty good actually. All right. It's like a, an easy watch. Like there's, it's not some big huge sweeping epic or something you have to really, you know, keep up with. It's just a kind of an It's a guy Richie movie. Yeah, well I would call snatch kinda convoluted. Okay, well sure. With the, the accents. Sure. But there, there actually was something called the Ministry of Un Gentlemanly warfare that was the nickname for it. It was called the Special Operations Executive officially. And they basically trained saboteur, so that's who Le Tronto threw his laden with.


And one of the first things they did for the Norwegians was send them to Scotland and have them train in like extreme weather as much as they could. But I'm thinking like the Norwegians would be like, this is, this is like summer to us. What is this? Like they, I I don't see why they would need to train in Scotland but train. They were, yeah. And the reason why they were trained for extreme weather and extreme conditions is because of the location of the vi mark power plant or I guess heavy water plant. It was in a really forbidding place that you would not want to go to without like a car. Yeah, it was, it was tough. I would say you'd need one of those cool old Army jeeps If you wanted to get there back then. It was surrounded by a plateau, a mountain plateau called, here we go, Harang Vita.


Perfect. That's gotta mean danger something. I think it actually means like Wide Mountain Plateau Danger. I looked, I looked it up 'cause I thought so too. I was like that's gotta be like the name of a God that's gonna kill you or something. Yeah. Ang it means like That is, it means High Mountain Plateau. I think Vita might be a plateau Really? Maybe Hardanger. I don't know. I don't remember. So wait, so the, oh, what was the guy's name? Ricky, I can't remember. But he was saying like living the Plateau Loko. Oh God. Ricky Martin.


Ricky Martin. Yeah. Ricky Martin. Yeah. From Manto. That's right. Shout out to Manto. Who knew that was coming? I did, I did not. I know they were gonna make an appearance. Alright, so it was surrounded by that mountain plateau. It is a very, very cold place. I think Olivia dug up this kind of old factoid. It freezes flames in the fires is how cold it was there. Not literally, of course. But you know, those Norwegians are with the turn of a phrase. So Americans came in and they said, why don't we just drop a bunch of bombs on this plant? What's your problem Right. With these saboteurs? And they said, no. Tron said was like, we've got ammonia tanks there, liquid ammonia, you're definitely gonna kill a bunch of civilians nearby.


And all this stuff is underground under concrete and metal in these bunkers. And it probably wouldn't destroy everything you wanted to destroy anyway. He also, you know, didn't say this out loud, but was like, I don't want you to destroy the only hard water plant we have 'cause this is a valuable thing. And all of a sudden you would kind of own, not the patent, but the process for that. Yeah. And after the war, who knows who's gonna need that stuff, so, exactly. Yeah. It was a little bit of national pride too that was driving it. So he actually talked him out of it. The, the allies or the Americans I guess were put off for a little while and they're like, all right, you go ahead and do your little sabotage thing. Let's see how you, how you do. So that whole group of Norwegian resistance fighters was called Company Ling.


And Company Ling, I kind of made it over as the, the group of trained saboteurs from the special operations executive. Yeah. So Company Ling, they launched an operation, operation Grouse great operation name. Yeah. But they apparently the SOE didn't think so 'cause they renamed it Operation Swallow. Yeah. And the whole thing was led by a guy named Jens Anton Polson, which I think I nailed just then, Except it's Ys. Oh man, I semi nailed it. No, you you had it except for that. But That's okay. Okay. So Yenz Anton Polson led I think three other resistance fighters who parachuted back into Norway and essentially just became back woodsmen for months setting up like a camp literally in like a trapper's cabin.


Yeah. And lived off hunting reindeer and just basically became the first little toehold of this operation of Norwegian resistance fighters coming back to sabotage the remark plant. Yes, exactly. So they're there, they set up their camp, they're eating reindeer. It's very sad for reindeer. Sad But delicious. You've never had reindeer, have you? Yeah, a couple times. Really? No, I was about to say, where the heck do you even get reindeer? I don't know. I'm sure you a guy, somebody sells reindeer meat and like somewhere weird Missouri or something. Yeah, yeah. I'm I'm sure there's people in Maine right now that are like, you've never had reindeer. We always have some across the pond here.


Right, Exactly. So about a month after that they launched another operation, operation freshmen. 'cause they were like, these guys are gonna need some real, you know, some muscle behind them. Yeah. So they sent in two air gliders with 39 British soldiers and they were just kind of coming in, you know, behind them as backup. It did not work out so well though. One of the planes crashed into a mountain and killed everybody on board. The other one crashed into the ground, not where they were supposed to land, but you know, a distance from that. And it didn't kill everybody, but they, you know, they saw this happen. The Gestapo found the, the survivors and executed them. Yeah.


Basically on the spot. And also found a map that showed that they were headed for the hard water plant. They didn't locate those original people and they just sort of stayed there, you know, hunkering down in that cabin for a while and surviving. Yeah. Undetected. Yeah. So Operation freshmen was, like you said, it was the, the idea was to just storm the heavy water plant, overwhelm it and blow it up. And they decided instead, okay, instead of sending 39 soldiers with a ton of equipment, including bicycles, I read, we'll just try a more subtle touch. So they, they went to, oh man, Joaquin Berg Nice.


Who was 23 at the time. And they're like, you're, you're basically an old band in World War II standards. Why don't you lead a team for Operation Gunnerside? And this is finally the operation that this whole episode is, is based on. And it was a small tactical saboteur team who went to the heavy water plant to destroy the, the Mark's heavy water production capabilities. I, I love this kind of thing. It's just the, the kind of thing. And if you're thinking, oh man, why is it there a movie about this? There was an older movie with Kirk Douglas that I don't think, you know, set the world on fire.


But I think this could go for an, for maybe a Guy Richie update. Totally. Yeah. I doubt if he would do it after the other one, but you know, I don't know. I don't think he's opposed to making a sequel sequel or a reboot. I mean, snatch was basically lock stock and two smoking barrels done over again. Yeah. He made a lot of those. There were several of those Sherlock Holmes movies, I think. Right. No Lock stock and two smoking barrels. No. Oh, I see. You were just trying to take a little side step in the logical direction. Right. Yeah. I didn't follow First one back. Yep. There you go. So yeah, I, I think the first one was pretty good. I don't know about the second one. Was that any good?


I Didn't see any of 'em. The first one was not bad. If you, If you don't let yourself stop and think, like who would have the audacity to make Sherlock Holmes like a a, like a rough and tumble action hero and just kinda give yourself over to it. It's pretty good. Yeah. And what, you know, I can also recommend for kids, especially younger girls, Enola Holmes, the Enola Holmes movies are pretty good. Both of them are good. Yeah. I enjoyed those. We have to do a Sherlock Holmes episode. At least one. We haven't done that. No, not as far as we Know. We, yeah, we totally have to. 'cause I don't, I don't really know anything about much of that. It's gonna be like our chess or our soccer episode though.


I have a feeling. Okay. Other home holmesy that yeah. Get upset. It's A whole hornet's nest. We're gonna stick our head soon. What are the, what are the clown, what's the clown band? The Insane Clown Posse. Yeah, But what are their people called? The Juggalos? Juggalos? Yeah. The guy who does my hair is a former Juggalo. Yeah. I think those are two words you like to hear together. Former Juggalo. Yeah. Yeah. It's like former Holmesy. Yeah. After they leave that world behind, you know, Hey, I don't think the other people let you leave that world behind. Oh boy. Yeah. It's threatening. So where were we, Chuck?


Oh yeah, gunner side. Yeah, we are at Operation Gunnerside. This guy Berg. He didn't know even why that that plant was a target. They basically just said, here old chap, we want you to go destroy some pipes at the plant and the people that tried before you all died and you might as well Pip. Pip. Yeah. That's basically it. That's all the information he had. But he was game, he was that kind of guy. Yeah. I mean they accepted cyanide pills as part of this operation. Yeah. And, and yeah, they had no idea what they were doing. They just knew they had to go blow up some pipes. And that was that like, this is how dedicated these people were that they were willing to sacrifice their life to try to blow up some pipes because the Brits told them it was going to help cripple the Nazi war effort.


So I think there was five of them that parachuted in just like the operation swallow people had before, but they were miles, miles away from the landing site. They just maybe got blown off course or something like that. And it took them five days of trudging through the snow. Although I think they might've had skis to find the, the operation swallow people who'd been sitting there eating reindeer the whole time. And even when they found them in this trapper's cabin and, and hooked up with them and now there's nine people in this operation. They were still 40 miles away from the heavy water plant. And again, it's like snowy in February. Yeah. In Norway. You can just imagine.


Yeah, yeah. There's a, there's a suspension bridge. There's one way you could get through, but of course they had Nazi guards there so that wasn't the best route. The other options were like a literal minefield or I guess mine, mine forest that they could have crossed through at great peril or they could hike all the way down into the gorge, which had like a half frozen river running through it and then go to the plant that way and then hike back up. And so they said they took a vote I guess, and they said, minefield, no good Nazis on the bridge. No good, let's just get on our skis as we do and hike down that gorge. And that's how they did it.


We do need to mention one little side thing that we've failed to mention is that before this all happened, when Berg was I guess debriefed and sort of getting his act together to go, he went into a hardware store and apparently on a whim as the story goes, bought some heavy duty bolt cutters, like metal bolt cutters and to just park that right there. Because you know, If you introduce bolt cutters and I guess in this case act two, you know they're gonna cut something in act three. Right. So he's got those bolt cutters and they decide to go down into the gorge as their route to the hard water plant. Yeah. And again, not just going down into a gorge, crossing a half frozen river and climbing up a cliff to get to the top of the gorge on the other side where the, the heavy water plant was.


And apparently that route was such an unlikely route that the Nazis didn't even bother guarding the gorge. No, nobody would go down there. Exactly. So February 27th they made it four the 40 miles to their target. I think it was the night, like right before midnight, this team of nine saboteurs from company Linea, the Norwegian resistance are sitting there outside of the the Mark power plant figuring out exactly how they're gonna get in. And they decided that they would split up. There were five of them. And as they were sitting outside, they were faced with their first obstacle, which was a fence. And apparently the Brits had said there's a fence, so here's a hand saw.


And the guy who was in charge, who was it, Berg? Yeah. Yeah. His second in command Kute Hawk lead. We're like running through these Norwegian names man. Hey that Sounds pretty good to me. Okay. So, and I know it's Kute, I always thought it was new, but it's Kute. Yeah. 'cause I watched this cool little Nova special and he was interviewed and they definitely said Cano. He said, Berg, don't you have some bolt cutters? Right. And Berg gave them the bolt cutters and instead of this loud tedious, laborious hacksaw that they would've tried to use and probably gotten caught using, they just snipped right through the fence in a few minutes. Thanks to Berg's foresight back in Cambridge.


That's right. Snip. Snip. So that paid off pretty quickly. Much more quickly than I Yeah, that was that Act two. Well I think I got the saying wrong. If you introduce bolt cutters in act two, they're gonna snip something in Act two. Yeah. They're on the property now. Five of the people, five of the nine provide cover the other two. And they had Tommy guns, they had chloroform. They were, they were set for an attack if need, if need be. And they were keeping a watch on like the barracks because there weren't like, you know, hundreds of German soldiers. I get the idea if they were going in with the initial 29 that it was probably a couple of dozen maybe. I mean that's just a guess. I don't even know if it was that many.


Maybe not. I mean it's as important as this heavy water plant was to the atomic program in Germany. Yeah. It was so remote that they were just like, you know, I think it's gonna take a few people. We got mines, there's a gorge, we got people on the bridge, it's fine. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. So they were keeping a watch on the barracks. They were keeping a watch on that bridge for the guardsmen there and just sort of waiting around for any, you know, activity so they could get those Tommy guns out or, or maybe silently chloroform and Nazi, which was a dream Yeah. Of any Norwegian saboteur, You know, they wanted to do that so bad. Yeah. So the other four guys split into two pairs. They each had, and I get the idea they split up in case and they each had enough to like blow it up in case like two of them got caught or killed.


The other two could still complete the job. Right. They got in through a second gate and they had arranged with one of the coworkers there to I guess, you know, one of the inside moles. Right. To leave a cellar door open. But unfortunately that person called in sick that day and I guess didn't seem to think like, hey, I had this important other task Right to do. And Trons dad had previously told them though, like, If you can't get in that way, there's a cable shaft you can probably slip through. And that's what they ended up using. I just wanna circle back. Yeah. And emphasize the fact that this man was a linchpin to a sabotage plan. All he had to do was show up to work and leave the door open.


He could have Gone home right after that. Yeah. And been like, I just threw up. I have to go get outta here. Right. And and my guess this is 1943, there's a 85% chance that his illness was a severe hangover, which makes it even worse. Yeah, probably so. So yeah. Luckily yes, they found that that hatch was open in the cable shaft and they basically slid through the, the two who made it through the cable shaft. Was Berg the leader? Yeah. And a guy named Frederick. Frederick, yeah. Kaiser. Yeah. Frederick. Frederick, Not Fredrick. Yeah. Eat your heart out Fredericks. It's probably Fred Fried. Yeah. Would be my guess. I like F Fred.


That's how we say it in America. Anyway, Kaiser and Berg, they're the ones who went down this cable shaft and they start getting busy. I think Kaiser was holding a gun. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. What? Yeah. They're like, we have some extra time. Sorry, go ahead. So they, yes. And they went down to Shaft even as well. You're right. And so almost immediately they found a, a watchman. I take him to be a Norwegian watchman maybe. Yeah. And they were like, You know, you, you're now our hostage. Sit there and be quiet. And he is like, no problem. You guys do whatever you want. And despite his complicity, Kaiser was like, this is my one chance. And so he chloroform the watchman.


Right. Anyway. And so as he's doing this, berg went and planted the explosives on the pipes just as he was told to do. And right about then all of a sudden outta nowhere, there's a explosion of glass as a window shatters and Berg and Kaiser and the chloroform guard all turn and look and the other two men from the other explosives team come in through the window. That's right. They were like, it's just us guys. We're all here together so we can get this thing bombed up quicker. They set up those explosives, the four of them I guess at this point. And the fuses at the time were two minute fuses that would've given enough time to, to get the heck out of there.


Berg said, no, I really wanna make sure we hear this thing go off. So we're gonna go down to 30 seconds. I imagine everyone said, oh, how about a minute? And he said, no, 30 seconds is plenty. So they're getting ready to light the fuses. The guard that they had at gunpoint said, can I get those glasses? Yeah. You know, if they blow up, they're, my optometrist has quit and retired, I'm not gonna be able to replace those things very easily. So they said, sure, get your glasses. And at that point, another civilian employee, Norwegian obviously comes into the room and is now another temporary prisoner.


Berg lights those fuses counts to 10, which means they only have 20 seconds and then says run to the two civilians. They get the heck outta there as well. I, I reckon in the movie guy, guy Richie would really have to sort of fudge things because what is not exciting in a movie like this is when is all you hear? And that's kind of all they heard. It wasn't a huge explosion. It's not like they were blowing up this entire plant like you would probably do in a movie. Right. They were just trying to damage these pipes. And he said that later on, he said they heard a tiny insignificant pop also because it was underground under that concrete and stuff. Windows did break though enough, at least arouse some sleeping Nazis.


This part is very movie-like because the four that were guarding kind of watched as a half dressed Nazi gets out and was like, oh, do I hear anything? Do I hear anything? But apparently that was a pretty noisy plant. So he just goes back to bed. I can't help but imagining like a Sergeant Schultz type. Yeah. Stumbling out. Totally. So yeah, it wasn't a big deal. And as a matter of fact, I mean it turned out to be a big deal, but like it, yeah. It didn't cause like that huge explosion where guards start coming out of nowhere and Right. You know, there's alarms going off and search lights coming on. It wasn't anything like that. And in fact, all nine people who were the saboteurs in this operation got away. They escaped scot-free and in retrospect, not a single bullet was fired and not a single person died in this highly successful, amazingly daring sabotage operation.


That's right. But that is not the end of the story. So maybe we should take our second break. Yes. And we'll come back and finish up right after this. Wanna learn about a terrorist how to take a per about frac Lizzie of murders and runs everything Explos and Josh should know. Word up Jerry,


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers. Starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing everyday brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find Out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack wrought with grief. Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stba and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and IMAX April 11th.


Alright, so as you said, the saboteurs got away. I think one of them Polson took off to Scotland by Sea Rundberg and the, and the rest of the, the gang stayed on their skis as the Norwegians do. They skied about 200 miles, which is like nothing for them. Yeah, they skied to Sweden, in fact with Nazis chasing them. They had planes above trying to locate them. Like that part would be a pretty good part of the movie I guess. But they, they got away and there was a German head of the German special forces in Norway who called it the most splendid coup. However, it only took a few months before the NAS were able to restart production at the plant.


I think this happened in February. So in May of that same year, they had ramped back up to full capacity, which seems like a big disappointment, but no. 'cause here come the Americans with their initial plan to just bomb the plant and just like they were warned, it did not do a ton of damage to anyone but the 22 Norwegian civilians who were killed. Yeah. It it like this, this heavy water plant was in this basement of a power plant. So it was not easy to get to as far as like aerial bombs are concerned. Yeah. Especially the bombs back then, you know. Yeah. For, for, for real. But the thing is, it did show the Nazis that like, hey, this remote isolated, actually surprisingly vul vulnerable plant.


Yeah. That's like the one source of our heavy water. We should probably stop creating heavy water there and move the operations to Germany. Yeah. So they did. And remember the Nazi heavy water program is set back a few months and this is at a time where the allies are racing in the Manhattan Project. Yeah. To create the atomic bomb, assuming the Nazis are in the same race as them, the allies understand that like, we can do this in like two, three years. So to set back a Nazi atomic program three months Yeah. Is an big deal. Enormous setback in a two or three year race to become the first to, to come up with an atomic bomb. So from that standpoint, even at the time they were like, that was a very successful operation even though, like you said, the Nazis got back up to full, full capacity in just a couple of months.


But as we said, they were moving everything to Germany and I guess the company Linga crew, the, the Norwegian Freedom Fighters, they were keeping an eye on all the movements of the heavy water from I guess their, their moles inside the heavy water plant. And they knew that the Nazis were gonna move the heavy water and when they were gonna do it and how they were gonna do it. Yeah, That's right. So they come up with another plan to further thwart their efforts and they determined the best way to do this was to sabotage the ferry that's gonna be ferrying everything over to Germany. So they knew it would cost some civilian lies, but they figured that was their best chance to get it before he even had a chance to get, you know, set up again.


An old canoe is back on the scene. He was the second in command there at Gunner side, If you remember. And he was leading the team this time. He had been promoted, I guess. And in February, 1944, they set off explosions on the bow of that ship. It was a ferry called the Hydro. And 14 Norwegians sadly were killed along with four Germans. And this again was a big, big success. They, for a long time they, they weren't even positive that there was heavy or they couldn't prove at least that there was heavy water on board. Right. And there was a German heavy water expert after the war that said no, those were just those A dummies dummy.


And I guess to try and undermine the idea that it was a success. But PBS Nova to the rescue in 2003, they organized a salvage of one of those barrels from that sunken ferry and they proved that it contained heavy water. So it was a great success after all. That was the Nova Mini documentary I watched. It was really good. Yeah. But one of the things that they cover in that the reason why the allies were like maybe those were dummies, is that there were reports of survivors of that fairy sinking that barrels had been floating. Like some people were trying to like climb onto the barrels to survive. They're like heavy water's not supposed to float in regular water. And so they, they were like, it's possible that this, this was a decoy because also intelligence showed that some heavy water did arrive in Germany.


Well it turns out, thanks to this nova special, I'm about to spoil it, right. That the, those barrels that floated were the most pure form of heavy water that they had at Bear Mark. The barrels weren't full. And so the air inside the barrels was making them float. Wow. Yes. So look at that. It was heavy water that they sabotaged, they did put a dent in the amount of heavy water. I think there was a 15 ton shipment and the Germans were only able to, to collect I think the four that were floating. So it was a big deal too. But again, 18 people lost their lives for 14 of them. Innocent Norwegians. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's, that's actually something they wrestle with in the Nova documentary.


'cause they interview some of these people we've talked about and they're, you know, they're trying to reconcile their guilt with, you know, the, the how impactful the mission was, especially living for decades with that gnawing rumor in the back of their head that those had been dummy barrels. Yeah. And it resulted in the loss of so many, you know, civilian lives. Yeah. So I think they were quite relieved to find that it really was heavy water. And still there's debate today over, even with the success of Gunner side, even with the success of that swallow group, sinking of the hydro ferry, how much of an impact it really had on Germany's atomic program. And in fact, how much of a program Germany had during World War II to build an atomic bomb.


Yeah, for sure. The official historian of the S-O-E-M-R-D foot great name said that it changed the course of the war. The fact that they were denied that that regular steady supply of heavy water really put a dent in their operation. Livia, very astutely points out. Another factor was that key scientists were, a lot of them were Jewish scientists that the Nazis were using. And they either escaped or were murdered, which also slowed down the, you know, the German's pursuit of the bomb. But also, I think you found out too that w was it the Germans regretted pursuing heavy water?


Was that what it was? I, instead of graphite? So they were basically, they took a wrong turn right out of the gate with what they chose as a moderator. I think, like did you say earlier that the United States chose graphite, right? Yeah. We used graphite. They went with heavy water, which was a mistake. Yeah. Well they're both really great moderators, but graphite is a available in abundance. You can find it anywhere. Right? Sure. Heavy water is really hard to come by. So right out of the gate, the Germans chose a moderator that was really difficult to get and that there was only one place basically in the world that was producing it, whereas the, the Americans just went out and bought a bunch of graphite at the, the grocery store basically Right.


To use as their moderator. So right away that first hurdle the Americans overcame, the Germans ran into. And the most interesting thing is it was based on a miscalculation. Yeah, that's right. If they had have calculated correctly, then they, they would've known from the beginning. Right? Yeah. So I think whoever conducted, I can't remember their names, but they conducted experiments on the viability of graphite as a moderator and they basically forgot to carry a one or something. Hmm. I think what it really was is they didn't factor in the influence of impurities in their graphite sample. And they concluded that graphite wasn't a very good moderator, so let's use heavy water instead.


So essentially even before the program started, the Nazi atomic program was just Yeah. Dead. Like dead in the water, basically. Yeah. Gotta carry that ts Yes. But the allies didn't know this. And it turns out that just the idea that the Nazis were involved in heavy water production suggested that they were after an atomic bomb and that the allies then were in a foot race against them. And that led to the creation of an actual atomic bomb. So the Nazis directly influenced the production of an atomic bomb, even though it wasn't theirs. The Nazis being involved in heavy water production sounds like some sort of weird octoberfest slogan.


Right. They'd be like, what I, what does this mean? And they'd be like, just drink this huge gallon here and shut Up. I mentioned that film, 1960 Fives the Heroes of Telemark with Kirk Douglas as sort of a, a mashed up fictional character based on both Ronen Berg and Tran Dot. That, like I said, wasn't like the biggest film ever, but it was an American film. So we did know about this operation more than they did in Norway until like 2015. State broadcaster in RK ran a miniseries called the Heavy Water War in 2015. And that's when a lot of Norwegians kind of first learned of this operation.


And if we're talking Tran dot, If you want to, If you wanna button up his story, If you feel bad for this guy. 'cause he didn't get to parachute in and actually have feet on the ground for this kind of thing. He finally got to do that kind of thing. In October of 1944, he got in under that parachute for Operation Operation Sunshine, which was, you know, protecting Norway's some of their industrial assets and infrastructure from German saboteurs as the Nazis were on their way out. So he got his, his hands dirty, which he, he'd always wanted to do. But very sadly, the following May I believe in 1945, he was shot dead by the brother of a Norwegian collaborator who he was questioning.


So he tragically died as well. Yeah. Which is sad. Yeah. At least he did get to get to oversee and fly in on Operation Sunshine. I wonder if he got to use any chloroform Maybe. So Chuck, I think that's it for the Norwegian Sabotage Operation Gunnerside. We haven't figured out what we're gonna name this episode. I like Olivia's title. Oh man. It's one of the better ones. You want me to go ahead and tell everyone? Yes. She titled this article like Water for Nazis. Pretty great Stuff. Sense of humor. Yeah. Really Good. Well thanks Olivia for that and thanks to you for listening. And how about we set up a listener mail so I can thank that person too.


That's right. This is from Justin Meeks about Tavern on the Green. Hey guys. And this shows you how long we've been off. 'cause I've been holding on to this one. My grandma had a wonderful related story to Tavern on The Green. She was from rural Montana and traveled to New York in the late nineties with a group of old ladies over Thanksgiving. One of her traveling group actually had sold David Letterman, his Montana Ranch. So they went to a taping of a show and he invited them backstage. He found out they were going to be in town for Thanksgiving and invited them to have Thanksgiving dinner with him at Tavern On the Green. What? Wow. What guy? Yeah. Grandma said that was one of the first Thanksgiving she could remember that she didn't eat Turkey dinner because at Tavern on the Green they had to order the steak and lobster.


Especially because Letterman was paying for it. Grandma never missed an episode of Letterman even before this. Certainly never did afterwards. Letterman is seriously a great dude and love that grandma got to meet one of her heroes like this. Thanks for the many years of the podcast. Keep up the great work, come back and see us in Denver. That is from Justin Meeks and Justin, we're gonna head back to Denver at some point, but we should probably tell people since we're getting emails that we are not doing live shows in 2025. Yeah. Including Sketch Fest. We've gotten a lot of emails from people who's like the Sketch Fest schedule's wrong 'cause it doesn't have Stuff You Should Know on there. Right. And yes, we're sorry to inform you. We're not going to be at Sketch Fest for what the first time in Like many years, 10 years maybe or something.


Yeah. We're just taking a down year from doing live shows. We're gonna, we're gonna be back out there again. So fear not, we're we're just taking a down year. Yeah. And that's like four less trips that we're gonna take and we're gonna be with our family and, and that's a decision we made that we feel good about. Yeah. And ironically, I just reached Diamond status for 2025. Oh, I've never been Diamond. I couldn't believe it. I got the email and I forwarded it to Yumi. I was like, well, now I know it's gonna be written on my headstone. Yeah. And I'll be buried next to you and it'll just say, sadly peaked at platinum. What else, man? That's it. Okay, well, thank you very much to Justin Meeks.


Justin Meeks, whose grandma has a great story and who I assume did not go on to become Letterman Stalker, right? I Don't think so. If you wanna be like Justin and email us a pretty cool story about David Letterman or otherwise, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can Healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind, and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.