
This message comes from Carrier committed to providing climate and energy products and services to help enhance lives. More information is@carrier.com carrier for the world. We share.


This message comes from Square. You probably know Square from your favorite local spots, but you might not know that there's a lot more to Square than meets the eye. What started as a little white card reader is now being used to rapidly scale, build loyal followings, cover cash flow gaps, and expand to new locations. Wherever your business is growing, square meets you there. Go to square.com/go/npr to learn more.


This Is Planet Money from NPR. Susan Weber has spent her whole life in Montana, and she loves everything about it. The mountains prairies, the planes, the Smell. You can smell the air, you can smell the flowers, The wildlife. Occasionally a little fox will run across the road. Susan grew up here on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. She's a member of the Blackfeet Nation from her back porch. She's got the Rocky Mountains to the west, and the Great Plains to the east And to the north is Canada. The border is a short drive away. Well, it's just a imaginary line, right?


Can't even see it. No, you don't need to see it. And for most of her life, that line really did feel imaginary. The members of Susan's tribe are part of the Blackfoot Confederacy, and they live on both sides of the border. So Susan and her tribe members, they cross into Canada all the time. Canada is where their cousins live, where they buy their lumber, where they sell their wheat and their grain. When they drive across the border, they just show their tribal id. They don't even need a passport. And then in March, that imaginary line started to feel like a barrier. That's when President Donald Trump basically started a trade war with Canada, put a 25% tariff on lots of Canadian goods coming into the us.


Now, Susan is a state senator, and soon she started hearing stories from people in her community about how the tariffs and the trade war were hurting them. A campground that relied on Canadian tourists was suddenly a lot emptier. A farmer who sold green to Canada saw orders disappear, And she heard a story about a rancher whose tractor wheel broke down. The rancher went across the border to buy a part, but when he came back, the border guard said he had to pay the new tariff. It was an additional 300 some dollars. My community, people live on the margins. Are you gonna be able to pay your light bill this week? Are you gonna be able to put gas in your car?


Just that little subtle change that few dollars could mean that you go hungry for the day. Many of her neighbors, people she represents, many of them told her, these tariffs felt wrong. My people were calling me, Susan, what? What can we do? You know? Oh, this is happening. And so, being who I am, you know, I, I got on it. Susan starts thinking, these tariffs are huge and disruptive. And she's like, can the president do this? Is there any way to challenge these tariffs? She starts talking with a local lawyer, and they look closely at how the president is creating these tariffs, and they realize they might have a case here because of what's in the Constitution.


Hey, there, it was right in front of my face, right in front of everybody. Every American's face right there, Susan and her lawyer. They start to build this argument that the president's s tariffs are illegal, maybe even unconstitutional. The way Susan sees it, the president has overstepped his power. So Susan and her lawyer compile a list, collect receipts, document lost revenue. They write up a bunch of examples of how the tariffs harmed the people of the Blackfeet Nation, and they sue the federal government. And so that's the beginnings of Weber versus the United States.


Weber as in Susan Weber versus the United States, and the Department of Homeland Security. On April 4th, Susan became one of got first people to sue the Trump administration and challenge the President's new tariffs on behalf of her tribe, but also kind of for everybody. You know, what's good for the Native American is good for Montana, and what's good for the Native American is good for the United States. Right now, Susan's lawsuit is one of about a dozen federal cases trying to stop the tariffs, and they're all making a version of the same argument that when it comes to tariffs, there are rules, there are laws, there are constitutional principles, and that Trump is breaking them.


Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Willa Rubin. And I'm Jeff Glow. President Trump has come up with a very creative way to put tariffs on many countries. It involves a law that until now has never been used for tariffs before. Today on the show, what power does the President have when it comes to tariffs? Where do these powers come from and why Trump's creative interpretation might have a shot in the course?


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Vanta. Whether you are a startup founder navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year in benefits, and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory, who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security and real time. Visit vanta.com/ Planet Money today to receive $1,000 off.


This message comes from NPR sponsor State Farm. If you're a small business owner, it's your life. State Farm agents are small business owners too, so they can help you choose personalized policies like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Talk to your local agent today.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from the American Museum of Natural History. What's happening in the Milky Way is happening across the universe. Embark on a journey through space and time to discover the chance encounters that have shaped the galaxy in encounters in the Milky Way. A new Hayden Planetarium Space Show at the American Museum of Natural History, narrated by Pedro Pascal. Learn more@amnh.org.


Okay, so let's dive into the lawsuit that Susan Weber filed. Weber versus the United States. At the heart of the lawsuit and all of the lawsuits challenging the tariffs. There's a pretty simple idea, a basic fact about the Constitution. And to help us explain it, we called up Kathleen Clawson. She is a law professor at Georgetown who specializes in trade. Obviously, trade is pretty hot right now, So this is your moment. This is the moment for, for all trade lawyers, even if they are not pleased about that. Before she was a law professor, Kathleen actually worked as a trade lawyer in the government, first under President Obama, and then under President Trump during his first term.


And she says, the fundamental thing to understand about tariffs is that in the United States, tariffs are actually the responsibility of Congress. Congress is the branch that is tasked in the Constitution with the tariff authority. That's very clear. No one's disputing that. It's right there. In Article one, article One, section eight of the Constitution says, Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and to collect taxes and duties, meaning only Congress can create tariffs. But in the 1960s and seventies, Congress passed some laws that allowed presidents to make their own tariffs in certain circumstances.


It's not like a president can just like randomly come up with some tariff that he wants, and blammo, there it is. Blammo is not in the, in the law. That's that's true. The laws that give the President permission to create tariffs were mostly created. In the middle of the Cold War, Congress saw all these new foreign policy and national security risks, and they knew that they might move too slowly. That's one of the reasons they gave the president some powers around tariffs. But for decades, these tariff laws, they were kind of seen as relics from a different time. Everybody knew that these were on the books, but they had not been used for many years, or if they had been used very sparingly in very targeted ways.


Until President Donald Trump took office in 2017, he came in promising to raise tariffs on China. So his trade advisors went searching around in these Cold War era laws, trying to figure out how he could do that. What they found was that Congress only gave the President the power to create tariffs in specific circumstances. The rules are laid out in a few different statutes. Most of these statutes go by their, they're three digits. So if you wanna sound cool in trade world, you have to start talking in three digits, right? Section 3 0 1, section 2 32, section 2 0 1, section 1 22, 3 38. The list goes on Each of those sections, those three digit statutes, covers a special circumstance like Section 2 32, that lets the president put tariffs on imports when national security is at stake, or section 1 22, that lets the president create temporary tariffs if we're running up a serious deficit like and trade deficit with another country.


Now, Kathleen had a front row seat to all of this. She was at the office of the US Trade Representative during Trump's first term, and she was assigned to look at another one of those statutes, section 3 0 1, which says, the president can impose a tariff in response to another country's unfair trade practices. Kathleen's task was to help make a case against China if she could prove that China was doing something unfair. According to Section 3 0 1, Trump could put tariffs on Chinese products. And you know, for many years, US companies had been complaining about Chinese companies stealing their intellectual property and trade secrets. So Kathleen and her colleagues opened up a formal investigation.


She followed the steps required by Section 3 0 1. She interviewed companies that said they'd been harmed by Chinese spying, talked to cybersecurity specialists, collected evidence. There's a public hearing and a 200 page report. So we spend many months collecting all this information, putting it together, writing it up, making sure that we follow all of the instructions of the statute, what Congress has asked. So, check, check, check, and make your recommendation. And off it goes to the president. So you were like the, the, the trade inquisitor, I, I'm gonna put that on my cv. The whole process took about a year, but by April, 2018, the Trump administration announces they've collected enough evidence about China's unfair trade practices.


And so by the powers invested in him by Section 3 0 1, president Trump is allowed to put new tariffs on China. He announces a new 25% tax on billions of dollars worth of products, from aircraft parts to catalytic converters to water heaters. And Kathleen wasn't the only one looking for tariff opportunities. Around the same time, Trump's Secretary of Commerce launches an investigation under another law Section 2 32. After a few months, they determined that foreign imports of steel and aluminum are harming national security. So that allows Trump to put tariffs on imported steel and aluminum.


There are also investigations for washing machines, solar panels, and that is basically how the president's tariff powers work. There are specific laws that Congress has created with specific rules. The president has to follow investigations that can take a while, anywhere from a few months to over a year. Trump learned in his first term that following the rules of these three digit statutes can be slow, and he can only create specific kinds of tariffs. But when Donald Trump was back on the campaign trail in 2024, he was promising big tariffs, broad tariffs, s tariffs that were gonna happen immediately.


But his advisors are looking at these sections they used last time, like 3 0 1 and 2 32. And these laws are not built for big and fast tariffs. By this point, Kathleen has left the US Trade Representative's Office. She's a professor at Georgetown. She and other trade lawyers know that tariffs are coming, and they're all kind of wondering, throwing out guesses on like which three digit section he's gonna try to use to fit his purposes and justify his tariffs. Is it gonna be 3 0 1? Is it gonna be 2 32? Is it gonna be 1 22? Right. Very low on that list was IEEPA. Within weeks of taking office, president Trump used a law called IEEPA.


The International Emergency Economic Powers Act to impose a sweeping set of new tariffs on China, on Canada, on Mexico, eventually on countries all around the world. And this caught a lot of trade lawyers off guard because it was an unprecedented way of using IEEPA. We trade lawyers. Don't think of IEEPA as a trade law, that this is not something that I teach in my trade class. It's there, but it's not on the short list for how we think about imposition of tariffs in the US economy Coming up, how Trump's advisors used IEEPA to craft a new legal theory, a theory that might enable the president to basically create whatever tariffs he wants.


But how legal is this new legal theory? That's after the break.


This message comes from Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator and see how much daily cash back you can earn. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, bank usa, salt Lake City branch terms, and more at Apple Card dot com.


This message comes from Discover. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the last 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at Capital One dot com slash commercial member FDI C.


This message comes from stamps.com. Work takes up a lot of your day, but you should still have flexibility to decide how to invest your time. If your day is consumed by tedious mailing and shipping tasks, stamps.com gives you the flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


Okay. The law that President Trump is using to justify his new tariffs is called the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, IEEPA. It's intended to give the president exceptional unusual authority to regulate economic transactions in some way when there is an international emergency crisis. When national security so requires Congress passed a EPA in 1977, it's a tool to help us Presidents respond to international crises. Got first time it was invoked was in 1979 during the Iran Hostage crisis. President Jimmy Carter declared an emergency and used IEEPA to freeze Iranian assets and property and to stop Iran from using the US financial system in general.


Since then, IEEPA has been invoked for dozens of international emergencies, things like apartheid in South Africa in the eighties, or the military government in Myanmar in the late nineties, or the growing nuclear weapons program in North Korea in the two thousands. When presidents declare an emergency under IEEPA, the law gives them the power to block foreign transactions. Presidents have historically used IEEPA to do things like freeze bank accounts, embargo goods, and prohibit Americans from doing business with foreign criminals or hostile governments. I think if we took a poll of anybody who's ever heard of IEEPA before, they would say, this is a sanctions tool. Hmm. Because it was often used for sanctions, for imposing sanctions on bad guys and gals and folks out there and, and in particular circumstances.


But now, Trump is using IEEPA to create tariffs. The way he's interpreting IEEPA, the law gives him vast powers to impose all kinds of tariffs. He just has to declare an emergency. This is a new and unusual way to use IEEPA. So we ask Kathleen, I mean, does IEEPA let Trump do this? That is the magic question of the, of the moment, And I, I can see the arguments on both sides. We asked Kathleen to walk us through the lawsuits that people have recently filed against the Trump administration. People like Susan Weber whose community in Northern Montana relies so much on trade across the Canadian border.


And Kathleen says there are three main ways that plaintiffs like Susan, the people suing the US government are challenging. The tariffs under IEEPA got first argument is about what counts as an emergency. Yeah. To justify his first round of new tariffs, Trump said that the national emergency was illegal immigration and the Fentanyl crisis, and to justify his across the board tariffs against dozens of countries around the world, he said the national emergency was our overall trade deficit. Now, according to IEEPA, an emergency is, quote, an unusual and extraordinary threat, and that it has to be a threat to our national security, foreign policy, or economy, An unusual and extraordinary threat.


That's the language. And so some of the plaintiffs are arguing that this is not an unusual and extraordinary threat. The plaintiffs are arguing that IEEPA was designed to deal with international crises like the North Korean nuclear weapons program, not the trade deficit or the Fentanyl epidemic. Is there really an emergency on Fentanyl? And then, and then how would tariffs help that problem? Is putting a tariff on those products going to help end that crisis, right? Is this the right tool for that job? But Kathleen says, this could be a difficult argument for the plaintiffs to win because they're basically asking the courts to second guess the president on a matter of national security.


And when it comes to national security, judges tend to give presidents a lot of leeway. The courts tend to be uncomfortable reviewing the President's actions in a space that I think most people would agree is reserved for the executive branch. When the Department of Justice walks in and tries to defend these actions by saying, this is a national security threat to our economy, most of the time the courts hear national security and say they cannot go any farther. Right? They see that as a stumbling block, as a place that they will not enter because that traditionally is, is really reserved to the President and, and the expertise of the President that maybe exceeds that of what the court has available to it.


Okay? That argument may be tough for the plaintiffs, but they just need one of their arguments to succeed. And the second way people are challenging these tariffs has to do with what powers the President has under IEEPA. The plaintiffs are arguing that IEEPA isn't about tariffs at all. At the time, Congress passed IEEPA in 1977, there were already other laws dealing with the president's tariff powers, those three digit statutes like Section 3 0 1 and 2 32, whereas IEEPA itself doesn't even mention tariffs. And until Donald Trump, no president has ever used IEEPA to create tariffs. Kathleen says the plaintiffs have a decent argument here, but the President might also have a decent argument.


His lawyers point out. If you look at what IEEPA says, the actual text of the law is pretty broad. IEEPA says the President has the power to quote, regulate or prohibit all kinds of transactions, including imports and exports. When you hear the words regulate importation, do you think that includes putting attacks on the good at the border? Does that mean that I can charge you $5 to bring in your widget into the United States regulate importation? I bet I'd find a good contingent of people who knowing nothing more than that could agree, could get behind that interpretation of the language regulate importation means I can charge you to bring it in.


Well, well, when you put it that way, okay, that sounds reasonable, but, but what about the history of IEEPA and the way it's been used and all of that? Jeff, you gotta be a textualist here, that we're being the Textualist interpretation. Right? And the language of the statute says the president may regulate importation, so surely if he can put an embargo on these goods, then surely he can also charge a fee to bring them in. So the Trump administration is arguing that even if IEEPA has never been used to impose tariffs, the text of that law doesn't rule out that possibility. Kathleen says, it's hard to predict how courts will rule on this question.


Most legal experts say the Trump administration is certainly interpreting IEEPA in a creative way, but even creative interpretations can sometimes succeed at the Supreme Court. Now, so far, we've been talking about what IEEPA means and what kind of powers does it give the President. But the third and final way that plaintiffs are challenging the tariffs goes beyond what this law says. It goes back all the way to the Constitution itself, where it says that Congress is in charge of tariffs. The plaintiffs say that the way the President is using IEEPA is just too much of a power grab.


He's taking these two words, IEEPA, regulate importation, to kind of give himself a blank check during a crisis to make whatever tariffs he wants to bypass the existing system for creating tariffs, using those three digit laws. And the plaintiffs, they're saying that it is fundamentally unconstitutional for Congress to hand the President that much power. In so few words, There are people who think that this language is too broad, and the Supreme Court could say, we need to see more direction from Congress in their wording, if that's what they really meant. That's what they gotta say more explicitly than regulate importation. Yeah. The argument is that the Constitution gave the power of tariffs to Congress, and Congress can't just pass on all that power to the President willy-nilly that this goes against the basic design of the Constitution.


There are limits. Now, Kathleen says this argument that Congress can't actually give the President that much unconstrained power. It is probably the most audacious challenge to the president's s tariffs. If you were a judge like looking at these cases, you're laughing. Go on. I thought if you were a judge working on one of these cases, I mean, how would you rule? Yeah. No, I, I don't think I would answer this. Well, I I, I'm just, that's just me. I, I prefer to be able to argue both sides, but very lawyerly. Yeah, Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. I think this is a very tough case. Kathleen says, judges will have a very hard time thinking through all these legal challenges, and most likely these questions will end up at the Supreme Court Back in Montana.


Susan Weber remembers when Trump announced the tariffs a few months ago. She was hearing from people who were feeling the costs of the President's announcement, and she remembered looking around and wondering, is anyone gonna do something about it? For a while there, it was like, this is so wrong here. It was this thing that was, had such a dramatic effect on our total economy, and nobody was saying anything. In April, Susan decided to do something. She filed one of, got first lawsuits in the nation, challenging the President's s tariffs. She says, at first it was about giving a voice to all the people in her district, in her tribe.


She was thinking somebody needed to speak up about what the tariffs were putting them through. Were you going into this with much hope? You know, not much hope. I was going into it because there was a need. My real name in my language is my first strike. That's my name, first strike. And so I kind of, hopefully living up to my name. But within a few weeks, more cases started to get filed all around the country. Some of those other lawsuits have been moving faster than Susan's, and so far, the people challenging the tariffs have been succeeding.


On May 28th, the court of international trade in New York declared that IEEPA does not authorize the president to make these big sweeping tariffs, and the court ordered the administration to stop collecting on them. Another federal court in DC reached basically the same conclusion. Though so far, the tariffs are still in effect. While the White House appeals these cases, If any of these lawsuits succeed, a lot of President Trump's s tariffs could disappear. But that doesn't mean the end of tariffs. It would just mean that Trump would have to rely on the slower existing system on those three digit laws like Section 3 0 1 and Section 2 32, you know, making tariffs the old fashioned way.


If you're new to Planet Money, we have been covering tariffs and trade a lot lately. We've got recent episodes following how businesses are experiencing the tariffs and the uncertainty they create about whether trade deficits matter and what it means for something to be Made in China or made in anywhere else. Links to these episodes are in our show notes. This episode was produced by Sam Yellow Horse Kessler, and edited by Just Chang. It was Fact-checked by Sierra Juarez and engineered by Harry Paul with an assist from Gilly Moon. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. A special thanks to Andy Morris, Emily Lay, Rebecca Melky, Josh Robbins, Eva St. Clair, Jonathan St.


Gado, and Monica Ttell. I'm Jeff Glow. And I'm Willa Rubin. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. A rich life isn't always a straight line. Unexpected turns can bring new possibilities. With a hundred years of experience navigating ups and downs, Edward Jones can help guide you. Let's find your rich together. Edward Jones, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Charles Schwab. When is the right time to sell a stock? How do you protect against inflation? Financial decisions can be tricky, and often your own cognitive and emotional biases can lead you astray. Financial Decoder. An original podcast from Charles Schwab can help join host Mark Repe as he offers practical solutions to help overcome the cognitive and emotional biases that may affect your investing decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/financial decoder.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you'll learn relevant in-demand skills you can apply in the workplace right away. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.