
This message comes from carrier delivering intelligent climate and energy solutions to data centers, reliable cooling that increases energy efficiency and reduces carbon footprints. Discover how Carrier optimizes data center lifecycles@carrier.com.


This message comes from Square. You probably know Square from your favorite local spots, but you might not know that there's a lot more to Square than meets the eye. What started as a little white card reader is now being used to rapidly scale, build loyal followings, cover cashflow gaps, and expand to new locations. Wherever your business is growing, square meets you there. Go to square.com/go/npr to learn more.


This is Planet Money from NPR. Last time on Econ Battle Zone, Erica emerged victorious. I can't believe I won anything is possible And was awarded the Econ Battle Zone Belt. It's a lot of gold. There is a lot of gold on this Today. Two new Planet Money reporters enter Econ Battle Zone Stadium. I'm Kenny from Meadville, Pennsylvania. I'm Mary from Richmond, Virginia. Ready to do whatever it takes to get their hands on the Belt. I love shiny things like a raven.


I Would wear that Belt for a full month everywhere I went. I'm not giving this Belt up. This is my Belt. Welcome to a special episode of Econ Battle Zone. Today Mary and Kenny come for the champ. Let's have today's contestants join us in Econ Battle Zone Stadium, Erica, Mary Kenny. The rules are simple. You will each be assigned at random, your own econ challenge question and secret ingredient. You'll need to answer that question, include your secret ingredient and delight, and inform our judges. Since I don't know what we're doing, there's no real way to prepare.


I'm already panicking about how I haven't spent 24 hours panicking. Our country is in the midst of a great debate about the federal budget and the deficit. Should we shrink the size of the federal government? Should Congress extend the tax cuts from President Donald Trump's first term? Today's econ challenge. Questions all have something to do with that budget debate. Computer. Please shuffle today's questions and today's mystery ingredients. Mary, you are first. Nice. Your question, what effect will extending the 2017 tax cuts have on economic growth and why do different economic models give different answers to that question?


Okay, and now computer, what is Mary's mystery ingredient? Rhyme To succeed, your piece must include as much rhyming as possible. Mary, how are you feeling about your challenge? Listen, when you said deficit, I was like, oh, these jokers are knocked out. Like you better. I am ready for deficit. I have been living here and then it was about tax cuts, but I like rhyme. I don't often get to make my shows rhyme, so that's exciting. Alright, let's move on to our next competitor computer. What is Kenny's economic challenge question, Kenny, your question is what signs do economists look for to know whether our country's $36 trillion national debt has reached a level where it has begun to hurt the economy?


Okay, I can do this. Mary looks mad. Mary, did you want this one? Yeah, This one's a slam dunk for me. It's all right, you can have it. I feel like the stakes are higher now. I really can't botch this Computer. What will Kenny's challenge be? Genre? Kenny, your story must belong to one of the following three genres, science fiction, romantic comedy or horror. Only one. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. That leads us to our defending champion, Erica Baris. Erica, there is only one challenge remaining and only one mystery ingredient.


Here we go. Computer what she got, Erica, your question is about the fight over whether to cut hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicaid funding over the next decade. So how did we get here? What are the three most important events in Medicaid history from its creation in 1965 to the present day? Okay, And Erica, your piece must contain a musical number. Woo. That is great. Oh no. See, that's not the dream, Erica.


That is not the dream. Are you kidding me? I hate musicals And I am tone deaf And I don't want any part of this. Contestants. Remember, you have just 48 hours to become experts in the federal budget debate. Locate and interview your guests and explain everything to us in just three minutes. Whoever impresses our judges the most will take home the title of Econ Battle Zone Champion. How's that sound? It sounds terrifying. And Erica, it sounds like you got some musical lessons to take. I'll be honest, I'm your host Keith Romer, and this is Econ Battle Zone.


Can I keep talking about how I feel about this? I don't think it's fair. Why do I have to do a musical number?


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of Planet Money, Amazon Business. How can you grow your business from idea to industry leader? Bring your vision to life with smart business buying tools and technology from Amazon business from fast free shipping to in-depth buying insights and automated purchase approvals. They deliver everything you need to achieve your goals. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd. Simplify how you stock up. To get ahead, go to amazon business.com for support.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice when you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message is sponsored by Udemy. Not sure if you have the experience to start your dream job. Good news these days, it's skills that count. Udemy can help you get those in-demand skills. Want to be an AI mastermind? Learn with Udemy game developer. They've got you covered. AWS certified cloud practitioner. Udemy can help you prep. You'll learn from real world experts who love what they do so that you can love what you do. Go to udemy.com for the skills to get you started and get set for your dream job.


Welcome back to Econ Battle Zone. I'm joined now by our two guest judges. First up is Betsy Stevenson, who teaches economics and public policy at the University of Michigan. Betsy, what can you tell us about the challenge facing our contestants today? What's gonna separate a good economic answer from a great one? Well, these are all kind of meaty economic questions. I think in particular Kenny's question, trying to understand that point in which debt becomes too much. I don't think anybody actually fully knows the answer. What About for Mary? What relationship are you looking for in terms of the effect individual tax cuts will have on growth?


Economic growth fundamentally and always comes down to innovation. So now we've gotta understand how giving people more money somehow spurs innovation in the economy. That can be true, but sometimes it's not. And then finally, for Erica's challenge, what's gonna be the mark of success for you there? What are the three most important events in Medicaid history? Is that important to the wellbeing of the public? Is that important for debt? Is that important for healthcare? I wanna see what she thinks is important and then see if she can make a case for that. Our second judge is one of the senior editors of this American life and a former host of Planet Money, David Kestenbaum.


David, what about the special challenges facing our contestants? I think the challenge with all of them is like there's a great cringe danger, you know, also that it would distract from the explaining that you're trying to do, but also, you know, I wanna see if they can do it While our judges awaited the outcome. Our contestants were already feeling the pressure, especially the returning champion. Erica, I'm pretty sure I have the Medicaid part of this sound. The musical number part of this is really tripping me up. Erica did not consider herself a musical person. I took piano when I was 10 and four weeks in.


The teacher told my parents they should just save their money and that was the end of that experience. So she started looking for allies. I am sending an email to this country singing economist and his name is Merle Hazard, which you know, it's kind of funny. And he's got all these great songs like How long will Interest Rates Stay Low? It's kind of a shot in the dark. I don't know if he's gonna respond even, but you know, he's just gotta try things. Meanwhile, Kenny was also out there trying things. So here's what I'm thinking. I throw off Erica and Mary, make sure they're not going to the staff meeting and we should not go to the noon staff meeting.


Correct. And then I'll go to the staff meeting, Correct? No, I'm not going and Use that to brainstorm some ideas. He took his question about warning signs that the national debt had grown too large to the Planet Money Zoom meeting. Anyone I should talk to about when the national debt triggers a problem. The research is all over the map on this, but like you could talk to three economists and you get five opinions on this, but like if the economy is doing great and we're like growing a bunch, it doesn't really matter. Like it can go up to like a huge percentage of GDP or like it could be a weight that is suppressing growth and if it keeps growing then it's siphoning away both government investment and private investment.


Kenny also had questions about the genre he had chosen for his challenge, romantic comedy. On that front, the team was less helpful. It almost immediately was like waylaid by a debate over whether lost in translation even is a rom-com or not. Wikipedia says it's a Rom-com lost in translation. It's not a comm. I don't know if it's even very rom, it's Just sad. It's not a Rom or God. And I was just like, I don't know what to do. Mary began by diving into the substance of her assignment, why economic models disagree about the effect of extending tax cuts. What have you learned? I learned that there are differences in how you can model these things.


Like if you And I both built a model, we might differ on how elastic the world is to our changes. So for example, I might think that labor's not that responsive to changes in taxes and that people aren't gonna necessarily work a ton more. That that response isn't gonna be huge and you might be like really optimistic about that, But it wasn't long before she turned her attention to her mystery ingredient rhyme. At the tone, please record your message. Hi, this is Mary Child calling. I was just calling with a bit of an odd request. I have a, like a reality show style challenge. I explain an economic concept in three minutes.


It has to rhyme And I was hoping to get help from run the JUULs. I have a really weird and time sensitive request for Ju CJ. I think you are still working with two chains possibly. I was wondering if Andre 3000 might be available today. Oh, and it has to be today, which I realize is insane. Okay, thank you so much. Bye. While Mary waited to hear back, Erica had already managed to land a collaborator. The guy who's gonna be singing with me is a country music singing economist. Merle Hazard had agreed to help and to connect Erica with some of his musical friends. Well, I just booked a Grammy winning banjo player and an entire Nashville band to work with me on this.


So I don't know, I don't know. I've, I've, I'm in a, I'm in a pretty good place. Kenny, on the other hand, was feeling less in control. So I think my plan, which has literally developed in the last seven minutes while I was making coffee, is to make a trailer for a rom-com, A trailer for a rom-com about the national debt. I'm so mortified that what I'm gonna present is so bad and dumb. Oh God. As the second day of the challenge began, Kenny tried to learn how to pull off his plan. It's four 30 in the morning com trailer school begins.


What was that? What did she say? That sounded serious. Alright, so I've noticed something come with us if your husband wouldn't mind and she doesn't have a husband, I don't have a husband, come on, let's go. Everything's changing. Gonna have boom hit of like awesome pop song from exactly that year. I only came to tell you that this can't go anywhere beyond this evening And you should have worn a different dress. So the narrator says lead number one's name, lead number, two's name Lee Witherspoon. Mark Ruffo. Then there's a little moment from the movie, like 99.9% parched here could really use A cola. And there's the name of the movie just like, and then there's the final little moment from the, excuse me, pardon me, what's wrong with him?


So I think that is how our trailer needs to end. Mary's plans also started to take shape beginning with a call to Ari Simon at the record label empire. The only thing I would say is like, we're up against the fact that you need it tomorrow and the fact that like really what you're asking for is like three minutes of someone like wrapping. That's a whole thought continuously about a topic they probably don't know a ton about. Okay. Okay. But Ari did connect Mary with someone who was at least willing to give it a shot. I'm Rick's life, Raj, I'm a recording artist outta Berkeley, California. I rap, I sing and everything in between.


And Mary and Raj got to work trying to bridge the gap between dropping taxes and dropping bars. Like what exactly are we talking about? Just how tax cuts affect The economy. Yes. Tax, All tax cuts do or don't generate economic growth. Mary explained that different models made different predictions about the effects of extending tax cuts on growth and on how little of the lost tax revenue might be made up by that growth. And so who, And I am sorry, who projected that it would be six to 16%. So that would be the tax foundation predicted forecast 16% and the tax policy center said 6%.


In turn, Raj worked with Mary to find a rhyme to explain the importance of factors not included in those economic models. Endogeneity, Right, endogeneity, Doesn't it feel like there's a lot to work with there? Yeah, definitely. Nice endogen. I'm I'm going to put that in my phone. Meanwhile, Erica tried to put a country spin on how Medicaid spending had grown over the decades as Congress extended coverage to different groups of people. The thing is that the, the big thing in this is the 1972 expansion, She and her new band in Nashville met for a writing session and kicked around ideas about how to transmute Medicaid's increasing percentage of federal spending into country music.


Gold By 80 budget share was 2.4, but there were still bigger changes in store. Yeah, That's good John. The material was not a natural fit. So the main thing was that in 91 is 4% of the budget, but then by 2000 it was 6.6. I actually have to say the words Affordable Care Act somewhere in there is the Okay, but but I mean does that Why the affordable, let's see, Congress, affordable Care Act. Yeah, But can we try again? We arrived but by the end of the night they had the beginnings of a song. How did we end? Where does all the money flow?


Like that? That sound okay Erica? It sounds great. Okay. Really? Yeah. Sounds so good. It sounds like a real song. Yeah, This will work. And then there was Kenny, he had booked an economist. He was sure could answer his question about when the size of the national debt starts to hurt the economy. Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That works. Harvard Professor Ken Rogo. Now I have to start out by saying that the whole premise of what you're asking me about, there's no, there's no answer to, Kenny hoped to use the interview as raw material for a charming romantic comedy movie trailer.


What was your plan for your interview with Ken Rogo? So I was like, what do I specifically need from Ken? Some kind of physical comedy is good, it's good to have a pet And I have a dog that wears diapers. He could walk through the background like that might be funny. And I came down to this list. I needed the meet cute on tape. I needed a moment of tension with him on tape. And then I needed a moment of softening slash reconciliation. What's your exposure to romantic comedies? My wife watches a lot. And how well did your plan work out? Poor poorly. I would say poorly. Okay. So I'm sorry about the, this dog is out of control.


I've lost total control of my house, so, So I feel like we've gone through everything at this point then. Absolutely. Professor. Yep. Now I will edit it so that it sounds like Ken Rogo And I had a delightful interaction. It's possible though, if you ask him, he will be like that. I talked to this guy At Planet Money and he must be the dumbest reporter I've ever met in my entire life. As the deadline closed in, the contestants worried whether their creations would be ready in time. The stakes are high. I'm gonna open this file. If it works, it works. If it doesn't, well I don't know what we'll do. Literally everything that could possibly have gone wrong technically went wrong.


Oh my God, this is so bad. This is so bad. I have half an hour. I have half an hour. I'm not even close to finishing this. I'm so I'm Ah, Alright. Time is up. Hands up. Oh no. Hands up from your editing software. Erica Barris. How are you feeling about your piece? I feel like medium, medium rare. So I'm gonna call it I'm medium rare right now. Mary, how are you feeling about your piece? Hmm. Well, Keith, if I may pull from one of the greats, there's a certain slant of light winter afternoons that oppresses like the heft of cathedral tunes. Heavenly hurt. It gives us, we can find no scar but internal difference where the meanings are.


But Mary, how do you feel about your piece? Oh, sorry. Was that the question? Decent? You know, Kenny, I'm gonna go to you next Y'all. It was, I haven't heard it, so I don't, that's not good. I don't know. It's not Good man. And frankly, I don't know what piece of audio I put in at the end. Coming up the contestants present their stories to our judges and we all learn who will secure the Econ Battle Zone Belt.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Vanta. Whether you are a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. Vanta automates compliance for SOC two, ISO 27 0 0 1 HIPAA and more Saving you time and money while helping you build customer trust. Join over 10,000 global companies who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Visit vanta.com/ Planet Money to receive $1,000 off


support for NPR. And the following message come from LinkedIn ads. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience When you wanna reach the right professionals. Use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has grown to a network of over 1 billion professionals. Target buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place, get a $100 credit on your next campaign. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash money. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at Capital One dot com slash commercial member fdc.


Welcome back to Econ Battle Zone. We've assembled our three contestants and our guest judges here in Econ Battle Zone Stadium. This American Life's David Kestenbaum. Hi. And from the University of Michigan, Betsy Stevenson. Hello. Let's get right into it. Mary, you are up. First, what have you brought our judges today? Good morning judges. My mission was to investigate what effect a tax cut extension would have on GDP growth and then explain why different economic models might give different answers to that question. The economist I talked to said yes, it could generate some growth largely by incentivizing lower income workers to work more hours, but everyone agreed it would not be nearly enough to make up the lost future tax revenue.


For help with my challenge, which was rhyming, I called in some trusted professionals award-winning children's book author Liz Garten Scanlan and Planet Lenny producer extraordinaire, James Snee. And then I got help writing and performing from a rapper in Berkeley named Rexx Life Raj. And the result of that collaboration is what you're about to hear. Yo, what's up? It's Rexx Life. Raj. And I'm Mary Childs. Hello and welcome to Planet Money Raj, thanks for helping do the most. Today we're gonna try to figure out tax cuts where they boost economic growth. The political rhetoric is that it's supposed to help everybody. So does it. We're Gonna call some experts to try to make sense of it. So first, let's check the data. What the studies show about if the cuts will help the economy to grow.


And the good news is from nearly every perspective, they drive a little growth, which is the objective. But that comes from lost revenue. Federal cash not coming in. The government would've gotten 4 trillion, 4 trillion of lost revenue. When they cut taxes, six to 16% gets recouped on the backend. That's according to analysis, according to the studies because people will get to keep a little bit more of their money. The way that that's supposed to work is to incentivize, to make workers feel more ambitious and more energized. Tax cuts might generate some economic growth, but a lot of people think that's short term at the most. The question is, will cuts lead to more boots on the clock or just more executive bonuses and buying back stocks? We asked Kent SM Smithers at Penn, he said both.


The problem with that is that we're actually finding, yes, it's not big economic growth. In fact, statistically it's kind of no different than zero. So even if you're looking for it, tax cuts aren't the hero Because cuts help the rich more the money, they crave it. Higher Income people get the money, they're gonna probably save it. Not spending the economies says economist, benga aor. So it doesn't boost growth as much as it could. That's not this story. Let's talk about elasticity. Something that we should mention, it's how people are businesses respond to incentives, how flexible we are with our time and our money spending. Like will tax cuts push us into making different decisions? The Elasticities aren't huge, but it's a big base. Eric Zwick at Chicago says that there's a little space for disagreement, for projections to diverge.


Who's to say what will stay and what changes will emerge. Projections also differ based on how you see the world, how reactive we might be and how changes get unfurled. The fact that things are complex, there's too much to account for, no model gets at all. There's just stuff they must ignore. I have a new word that you could say with me. Okay, Raj, what is it? Endogeneity. When feedback loops start to twist and tighten the bolts and something outside of the model starts messing with the results, they use the lower class as the engine of the economy, making you turn your life force to a commodity. Do people work more if the taxes are lower? We gotta see will tax cuts make the businesses invest consciously or will it make the working man work more? I just don't know if you going to get what your hope for.


They say that it'll help the working men earn more. That just sound like some rhetoric that we heard before, tax cuts for economic growth for like a turf war. I just don't know if you going to get what you hope for. Thanks so much, Raj, with rhymes like diamonds. Glistening, this is NPR. Thanks for listening. Oh my gosh. Woo. That was out of this world. That was amazing. Thank you. Thank you David. Kestenbaum, what'd you think? Overall, really nice job. Like I, I thought, oh, rhyming, that's probably one of the easier ones. But then when you hear it, like it twists how you have to write every single sentence, it's just really, really challenging. And I definitely admired the ingenuity and getting Raj to do that.


But I was genuinely interested in, in unpacking the question in some detail. And maybe that's not possible when you're also asked to rhyme. But I do think as a reporter you have to figure out how to balance those things and not try and cover too much ground. Thank you David. And, and Betsy, how did you feel about the economics of the piece? You know, I, I love it. I actually think it was just so clever. I mean, I did not see you drop an endogeneity in there. And like some of these phrases like life force to a commodity, just beautiful and really good economics. The main idea is whose behavior's gonna be changed?


Is it going to be, you know, lower income people or higher income people? And by changing their behavior, is it really getting them to work harder or is it just making them richer? Thank you, judges. Next we turn our attention to our second challenger, Kenny. Kenny, tell us a little bit about what you're presenting today. Well, for my assignment, I, I have made a rom-com movie trailer featuring the indicators Waylon Wong narrated by NPR Chief Economics correspondent Scott Horsley. And in this hopefully you'll hear how one economic sign in particular may give us the clearest warning that the national debt is beginning to hurt the US economy.


I have heard this piece zero times judges. I didn't have time to listen back. I think all of the parts are in their places, but I don't know for sure. Well, Kenny, let's find out. Go ahead and press play when you're ready. Kenny, Happy National Cognac Day. Kenny, It's 7:00 AM Widely believed to have been established by the cognac industry in the United States as a way to sponsor Some tr you did economics of made up holidays eight years ago. I know Kenny is a down on his luck podcaster. Sheesh. Is it National Walk with Crutches Day? I, I had hip surgery, Ugh, from a running injury. I knew you'd been running away from serious stories, Kenny, but this is ridiculous.


Kenneth is a famous Ivy League economist, Harvard Professor and former IMF Chief Economist is out with a new book today. I'm Ken Ov. Good to have you on. Good to see you. Two cans, one world apart until one day. Welcome to Econ Battle Zone One assignment. Kenny, your topic is National debt Would change everything. Dear Professor Rogo interview request urgent interview request. Ken Rogo said, yes, This is my chance to do something serious. Please don't turn this into National National Debt Day. Oh, that's not bad.


All Kenny, back away from the calendar. What happens? Look at My crutch crutches in place here. Ah, okay. That's when cans collide. We, we have a shared experience here. You're a Kenneth. Oh, my name is also Kenneth. Oh, did you get like, I guess to get teased Ken Barbie, Kenny G No, no, because it wasn't so common in my, my era. Anyway, let's move on to, But yeah, Can two Kens teach something to all of us? Specifically teach us what indicators do economists look to for whether the national debt is harming the economy? The Big thing would be interest rates start going up. Yeah. If the markets are already pressuring you because they're nervous about how much you're borrowing and they see you have a very cavalier attitude towards it, they'll say, fine, I'll keep lending to you.


But instead of just 1%, how about one and a 5% more that you're gonna have to pay? And I see. So that's, that's when you get stuck, you know, in one of these cycles From Peabody Award-winning Planet Money. I mean, he says, you only need to look at interest Rates Comes a story. Interest Rates affect everything. Kenny, About the interest we owe on our debts. When interest rates go up, they've gone up on everything, on home mortgages, on car loans, on student loans. And the national debt plays a large role in that. And the debts we owe to the people who interest us. You can't spell Kenny without Ken Kenny Malone, Ken Rogo and the indicators Waylon Wong coming this summer in nationally indebted to you.


How bad could it be? It's not like your dog walked in and knocked your crutches on your head. Hmm. Once my d his 80, his 80 my and alright. And the crutches have fallen. That was beautiful. That was Unbelievable. The debts we owed to those who interest us. I can't, let's, let's go ahead and turn to our judges. David Kestenbaum, what'd you make of that? I found that very enjoyable. The presentation of it. I enjoyed the classic Planet Money of trying something funny with the important smart person Ken Rogoff, who is not there for it. This is really kind of, so I, I thought like presentation.


It was excellent. I thought content-wise, I realized I had lots of questions And I really wanted to dig into it And I just felt like I was just getting started. So Yeah, that's all in the movie, the full movie. I see, I see. Anyway, given the complications of the assignment, very nicely done. And Betsy, what did you make of the economics in the piece? Well, I, I just wanna say that was very, very funny. An enjoyable piece. Probably the most important concept is what you covered. The idea that the interest rate can go up. There are though a lot of other aspects, we, we care a lot about what's the return on the investment we're making.


So are we borrowing for an investment? Are we borrowing for consumption? If we're investing in, you know, critical minerals so that our, you know, auto industry and our computer industry and our AI industry can grow, then we're basically economic growth is gonna stay ahead of the debt. And it was that idea that was missing in the piece. If your, your goal is to answer the question of, you know, when should we become concerned about the size of the debt? What's the tipping point? The tipping point is when the debt is growing faster than the economy. Thank you. Thank you judges.


All right, we've got one contestant left. Our returning champion, Erica Baris. Erica, what'd you bring us today? Okay, my assignment was to select the three most important moments in Medicaid funding from its creation. In 1965 to today, I picked several inflection points when the program expanded who could be covered. So in 1966, just 2% of the population was covered by Medicaid. Today it's 21%. To explain how that happened, I wrote lyrics for a song and then I had to find someone to make that song a reality. I found this country singer economist, his name's Merl Hazzard.


Oh, he helped me put together a whole band called Eeb and the Entitlement, the band is Matt, Gary Tristan, my new good friend, Alison Brown, who is a Grammy award-winning banjo player. And they helped me write the music. They helped me tweak some of the lyrics and put this whole thing together. And then I sang the song, even though I cannot sing, and It is called the Medicaid Song. And here It is. Here's a little number about all the numbers relating to Medicaid.


It all started in 1965 when the government said health insurance you needed to stay alive. So Congress, they passed a bill, some money from the feds, but managed by the states. Low income Americans got preventative care on their plates. It was an entitlement program, if you will. By 1970, Medicaid was 1.4% of the budget through a funding formula that covered people from LA to Nantucket and got first big change coverage for more people with disabilities in 72. By 1980 1.4 was 2.4, but there were still bigger changes in store through the decade. The economy slowed, but healthcare Grew. Oh, how did we get here?


How get here, how did Medicaid grow? What happened when and where? Where Money, the money flow flow. By the nineties, Medicaid had grown in all kinds of ways. Long-term care and women and kids no longer had to pay in 91. Medicaid spending was 4% of the budget. But with a new change, more services were added to the bucket. In 96, welfare reform made it so cash assistance wasn't tied to Medicaid eligibility. What that did was expand the pool of people and gave some folks more flexibility.


Then Chip expanded Medicaid for kids. And by the year 2000, federal spending was 6.6. How, how did we get here? How to Medicaid grow? What happened when and where does the money flow? Take it, Allison. And now we arrive at our third big change. It was back in 2010 when congress enacted the a CA, the Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid. The federal government offered a 90% match, but just for states that expanded coverage match and set up one more way in which states get paid.


Now, 9% of the budget goes to Medicaid each year, nearly $900 billion. If you wanna be clear, a fifth of us use Medicaid according to reportage. Under the current proposal, hundreds of billions of dollars would be cut to maybe fill a budgetary gap, but it would leave 8 million people without healthcare coverage. How did we get here we Get here, How did Medicaid Medicaid grow, grow? What happened? What happened when and where? Where Does the money, the money Flow? Hmm. Okay.


Incredible. Oh, Erica, fantastic. Grammy award-winning future Grammy Award-winning. David, Let's start with you. What'd you make of it? That was very enjoyable to listen to. Nicely done. There's just something nice to hear about hearing the human voice. You know what I mean? It it, you took advantage of the, of the medium nicely And I enjoyed your Bob Dylan ish delivery. Yes. And Betsy, let's, let's turn to you. What did you make of the economics of this piece? Erica, you were asked, you know, what was important and what you said was how did it grow? And that's your refrain in the song. I love it. And I think you did identify some of the big policy changes that led to the expansion of Medicaid.


I mean the a CA is the biggest expansion of Medicaid And I think a lot of people don't realize that the chip expanding Medicaid to children was also a really important part of that. So I, I thought you identified some of the real key aspects of how it grew. And I, I'll tell you, I love the song. I'm, I'm really glad that you jumped right into it and you smashed it with the singing. Thank you Judges. Great Job. So who will our judges choose to be the next Econ Battle Zone champion? Will it be Mary and her tax cut? Rap Kenny's romcom take on the National Debt or Erica's Medicaid country song?


Mary Kenny. Erica, you were each tasked with teaching us about one piece of the debate about the federal budget and delighting us in the process. And all three of you should hold your heads high. I will say this is the closest any Econ Battle Zone vote has ever been. But there is only one Econ Battle Zone Belt. So there can be only one winner. David Betsy, who's taken home the Belt. Can I just say how hard it was before I say If we were a jury, we'd be there for days.


They're all so impressive. They're all just so impressive. Mary, yours was really great and covered so much ground in so much depth, in such a clever way. And then Erica like so lovely to hear you sing and go and go through the history of it. But Kenny, I thought you know, of all of them, like you narrowed the scope in a way that was useful. You know, you picked one simple thing you were to convey and you did that in a package that was enjoyable, which I think is, is in the great, you know, traditions of Planet Money. Kenny, the Belt is yours. What? Oh My. I'm genuinely stunned. Thank you so much. This is one of the greatest achievements of my professional life to win this in front of Betsy, in front of whom I was worried about falling on my face intellectually, which I feel like I did a little bit still nonetheless.


But that's okay. I feel like this justifies everything. Thank you so much, Kenny Malone, congratulations. You thank you are the Econ Battle Zone champion. And this is your Belt. It's so big, it's so shiny, it's so big and shiny. I don't have any words. Will Kenny get to hold on to his big shiny Econ Battle Zone Belt? Or will a new contender walk away? Victorious? Find out on the next Econ Battle Zone.


Got a topic for the next Econ Battle Zone. You can email us Planet Money at npr.org. And if you wanna see Kenny with his Econ Battle Zone Belt, keep an eye on our Instagram feed At Planet Money. The great James Snead produced this episode of Planet Money. The show was edited by Jess Jang, engineered by Cena Laredo with an assist from Jimmy Keeley and fact checked by CI Juarez. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. Special thanks today to Robin Rudowitz and Sarah Rosenbaum and to Erica's backing band, the entitlements. John Shane, also known as Merle Hazard. Alison Brown, Matt Coles, Garry West, and Tristan Scroggins.


I'm Keith Romer. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Charles Schwab. Financial decisions can be tricky. Your biases can lead you astray Financial decoder. An original podcast from Charles Schwab can help download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/financial decoder.


This message comes from Avid Reader Press, legendary investor, Ray Dalio's new book, how Countries Go Broke. The Big Cycle explains the mechanics behind big debt crises. Larry Summers says, Dalio's brilliant iconoclastic approach is an invaluable resource. And Hank Paulson says it provides a solution to what is the biggest and most certain threat to our prosperity. Read it to understand one of the greatest economic issues of our time available now. Wherever books are sold.