
This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hi, this is Mary Childs. There's the saying about artificial intelligence that right now AI is the worst it will ever be. It screws up a lot now, but it is only gonna get better. So how to even answer questions like, will AI replace jobs or change jobs? We talked about this on the show last year, and especially in the Planet Money Newsletter, which our beloved Greg Wolski writes, subscribe if you haven't already, it's very good. So today we are sharing something that Greg uncovered for the newsletter this summer. He figured out a clever way to investigate AI progress for jobs. Look at something AI is already good at translation.


Greg interviewed an AI innovator who also is the head of the language learning app Duolingo. We regularly publish Greg's newsletter chats as bonus episodes for our Planet Money Plus subscribers. So if that is you, you already got a chance to hear this. Bonus content is just one perk of signing up for Planet Money. Plus you also get every episode of Planet Money without sponsor messages, and you get Exclusive Planet Money merch at the NPR shop. So while you listen today, consider supporting us by signing up. Just go to plus.npr.org. Okay, here's Greg. Recently, I've been trying to figure out how to measure if AI is overhyped right now, or maybe it's appropriately hyped.


I don't know. And one of the people I talked to about this is an entrepreneur and AI innovator. My name is Luis Fanan And I am the CEO and Co-founder of Duolingo Duolingo. It's the popular language learning app. Luis has a pretty fascinating background. He was born and raised in Guatemala, and he came to the United States for college to study mathematics and computer science. In his early twenties, Luis co-created Capcha, you're probably familiar with it, when a website, you know, forces you to prove your human and ask you to do things like identify stoplights or bicycles or whatever in a grid, grid of photographs. I didn't know this until I spoke to him, but Capcha is actually an acronym.


Completely automated public Turing Test to tell Computers and humans Apart. It's a mouthful. It's basically a test to distinguish whether you're a human or a computer. Luis's work on CAPTCHA is one reason why he was awarded a MacArthur Genius grant back in 2006. At the time he was only 28. How do you, how do you stay humble after that? I don't, I don't know. I don't know if I am humble, but, Well, that's honest. You know, I don't know about staying humble, but I, I mean, I, there's a lot left to do. Back when he first co-created Capcha Louis says, the test was pretty simple. It was, you know, easier to trip up machines. At first all it took was identifying squiggly letters and numbers.


Nowadays, computers are about as good as humans at reading historic characters, which is why captors have moved onto basically really blurry images of bicycles or whatever. Interestingly, Louis says, these are images that are often taken by self-driving cars. The computer guiding these cars sometimes has a hard time deciphering what these images are, which is why capture crowdsource help from humans. This data is, in other words, kind of slowly making AI smarter. So, yeah, Luis is a pretty interesting guy to talk to about ai, not only because of his work on Capcha, but also because earlier this year there were a series of headlines suggesting that his company Duolingo laid off human workers and replaced them with ai.


Okay, so here is today's bonus episode, my conversation with Luis Von. I, I want to start with jobs in language translation. So I've seen a lot of these popular listicles in the media that highlight the 10 most likely jobs to be like killed by ai. And basically on all of these lists are the jobs of translators, interpreters. And yet the US Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that over the next decade, the number of American translators interpreters will actually grow by 4%, which is about equal to the average growth of all occupations. And I also took a look at job sites, and there are still tons of companies hiring translators, interpreters right now. So what's up here? If AI is so good, why are translating jobs actually still growing?


Well, so, okay, a couple of things. This is not new translation by computers between, for example, English and Spanish, or English and German, like be between the large languages has been really good. You know, starting with Google Translate about for about 10 years, and it keeps getting better and better and better. And you know, what I don't think is going to happen is one day suddenly, you know, translation was completely, and then the next day is perfect, and then all translators get fired. This is a gradual process, which started out years and years ago, and today a lot of translation is already done by computers. I mean, that's already happening. Now, at the same time, I think there's also more and more demand for translation because translation's a lot cheaper, a lot faster, because computers are there, there's a lot more demand.


So what you're seeing today, at least for translation in particular, is this combo, this hybrid between humans and computers. I mean, maybe the computer takes the first pass and then a human kind of fixes it up a little bit, et cetera. And over time, it is probably the case that computers will be as good as humans at language translation, maybe even better, because they're faster. We're not quite there yet. It's still the case that computers make some mistakes. And I think, you know, companies are hiring humans or, or governments are hiring humans. When you want somebody to actually have like a real opinion, because it may be, you know, maybe a life or death situation, for example, I don't think you wanna fully rely on a computer if you're a translator for the army or something like that.


And, and, you know, you're talking to like an enemy combatant. I, I don't think you wanna fully do that yet. Or companies who just wanna make sure that no mistakes are made. But even translators that are hired, most of them use computer translation as a first step. And I think you're gonna see something like that. So does Duolingo employ translators and interpreters? And if so, how many about or about how many Interpreters? We don't because we don't do, like, you know, what, what you would see like on the un like, you know, doing real time interpretation like that. But translators, we do not very many. We have been reducing that number for a while. And at this point it's, it's a, i, i don't know, dozens. It's, it's not a lot.


And what do they do at your company? Generally, they're, they're going over the things that computers have done And Like double checking. 'cause most of the stuff we do with computers, yeah, double checking, making sure. Now it depends on what, for, by the way, I should say there are certain, you know, there's a difference in importance in text. For example, if it's our content as in like our learning content, there's so much of that thousands and thousands and thousands of, of kind of sentences and words and paragraphs that is mostly done by computers and we probably spot check it. But if it's things like the user interface of Duolingo where we say like, you know, the button says quit and we have to translate. That is all done with humans and we spend a lot of effort on that.


But that's because each one of those is highly valuable. Like, we cannot have a mistake in the quit button or in the button that says purchase now or whatever. We just cannot have a mistake. And not only, it's not just about mistakes, it's, we wanna make sure that the voice is consistent throughout the app, et cetera. So in Other words, because AI can make mistakes, because you know, it's not perfect, it, you, you need humans, it's, it's worth the extra cost. Yeah. For example, in our app, we have made the decision that in Spanish we use the informal second person pronoun. So when we'd refer to somebody in the app, we refer to the user informally. When we say you, we say the un informal you, it's Like usted versus Us two. Two is informal.


Tel is, yeah, we don't use usted, we use two. The people that do our user interface in Spanish know that I know that very well. If you were to just have a computer to do it, it may, you know, it may be inconsistent in different screens, it may be something. So we just wanna make sure that it's all consistent, that it has the same voice, same playful voice, et cetera. And so for that, we still employ humans. So Earlier this year there were a number of articles, actually quite a few, including in the Washington Post, they were published and they made a really big deal out of the fact that Duolingo laid off, I guess some contractors who specialized in translation and replaced them with ai. So first off, what, what can you tell us about that episode? Did you lay off translators and, and replaced them with ai?


Yeah, there's a, it's a lot of exaggeration that happened there. I mean, there was, there was all these articles that said we, the major layoffs, this is not true. We did not, we did not lay off. But 10% of your workforce or something. Yeah, no, this is, this is just not true. We did not, first of all, no, no full-time employees were affected here. We've had a contractor force of a few hundred contractors. And what happened at the end of last year is we did not renew the contract for some of them because we looked at, you know, the work that was going to be required over time and we just didn't need as many of them. It is true that one of the reasons we didn't need as many of them is because some of the stuff that they were doing, we could now automate. But these were, you know, you gotta understand this type of worker.


I mean, these were not all of them, but a lot of them were people who were working a couple of hours a week from a very remote location. And, you know, that type of work is probably a lot more susceptible for being substituted with AI than somebody who is kind of in the office every day, you know, doing more creative stuff or anything like that. This was, you know, a lot of that was just kind of rote stuff. So I gotta ask, do you have any plans to lay off more contractors or employees and replace them with ai? And why or why not? No plans, no plans for that. What is, what is true is that we're, you know, we're gonna, as a company, And I think most tech companies we're leaning into AI quite a bit.


And, and we're gonna continue doing that. And you know what we're seeing, I'll tell you, I'll give you a really good example of what we're seeing with ai. About five years ago, somebody pitched a feature idea to me, which was basically in the app, some of the lessons you were basically going to see a little like animated, kinda like a little two minute cartoon where you got to listen in the language that you were learning. It was a really cool feature. And then I asked, how long is the data for this going to take to create? 'cause we need to make the data, like basically all the episodes, they said five years. And I said, no, you're crazy. We're not gonna make that feature. I don't wanna spend five years on this. This is ridiculous. About a year ago, that same person came back to me and basically said, Hey, we can do that.


But the data now takes like three months to make with ai, there's some human involvement, but it takes like three months to make with ai. And then I'm like, sure, just do it. And you know what's beautiful about, it's not only can you do it in three months as opposed to five years, even if you mess up and you do it in three months and at the end you don't love the outcome, you can redo it and it'll only take three months. So you can do it and mess up and do it again and still do it way faster than five years. That's the type of stuff that you're seeing where things just, by the way, we're still gonna need the humans. We're just gonna be able to do way more and way cheaper the things that we just couldn't do before. So, so Supercharging productivity. Yeah, the productivity is like 10 x and that's more the direction we're gonna go where we're gonna lean into AI quite a bit, but we're just gonna be doing things that before were just prohibitive because they were gonna require a thousand people working for years, whereas now 20 people working for a few months can do what was required before.


So I, I think on our end, that's probably more what you're gonna see.


This message comes from, Charles Schwab, when is the right time to sell a stock? What is the best way to steer your portfolio through an unsteady market? Financial decisions can be tricky. Financial Decoder is an original podcast from Charles Schwab host Mark Repe, head of the Schwab Center for Financial Research offers practical solutions to help overcome cognitive and emotional biases that may affect our investing decisions. Listen at schwab.com/financial decoder or wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from Apple Card, searching for a hassle-free way to help you grow your savings. Then look no further than the high yield savings account. You can open through Apple Card, apply for Apple Card in the wallet app today and see a credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


When did Duolingo start using AI and how have you been using it? Oh, for, since the beginning. I mean, when, when we launched Duolingo, we knew that we wanted to have a computer that was going to teach you. So not, we didn't wanna have humans teach you. We wanted to have computer, we better on the computer. So from the beginning we were using ai. Now of course, AI has gotten a completely different tone and definition in the last couple of years because of large language models. But AI has been around for, you know, the concept of AI has been around for whatever, 60 years, maybe longer than that. So when, When did you adopt l large language models? Well, large language models, almost two years ago, less than a little less than two years ago, we started playing with GPT-4. We got early access to it and so we started playing with it.


We, we officially launched the first features related to it last year. Is this an official partnership with OpenAI or is it like We Have an official partnership with OpenAI. It allows you to chat in real time on the, on the app or, Yeah, conversation. That's the biggest thing. You know, learning a language requires a number of different aspects. You gotta learn vocabulary, you gotta learn how to read, you gotta learn a bunch of stuff. We, historically, I've been really good at teaching you all aspects of language except for one, which is conversation. And in particular the, the kind of multi-term, you know, think on your feet kind of conversation. We just couldn't do that with technology up until large language models. But now we can. And so that's what we're doing. We're we're basically really adding a lot of features to teach you how to converse a lot better.


So A couple weeks ago when OpenAI recently released GPT-4 oh they, they really highlighted to the world like how great it is at translation. It was really kind of front row and center of how they were selling this new Yep. Version of it. And, and you know, they showed a smartphone using GPT-4 Oh translating a conversation between people in real time. Are you concerned at all that it will reduce the demand for Duolingo? The fact that like, no, these are getting so good. We are not seeing a decline in people wanting to learn a language with Duolingo, even though this has been true. If you look at our users, we have two big chunks of users. One is actually Americans or British people who are doing so as a hobby.


It's just a hobby. And when you ask them like, why are you learning on Duolingo? They're like, well, you know, I used to play Candy Crush and now at least I am getting pretty good at Spanish. Those people are gonna continue doing so. 'cause, 'cause it's hobby again, I mean, you know, people are doing chess as a hobby even though computers have been better than humans at chess for the last 20 years. So, so that's kind of one big group of people. And the other big group of people is people learning English for a number of reasons. Not only is it for, you know, possible educational opportunities or employment opportunities, but it's even, it's just even to get around. I mean, if you go to many other countries, this is true in many Latin American countries, a lot of stuff is just in English and like ads are in English and stuff like that. And people just wanna say, well, you know, music, yeah, music is in, that's, that's so English is, It is a unique language in that respect because it is the lingua franca, et cetera.


People actually honest to God want to learn English. And that's the other big chunk of our users. So, you know, historically we just, we just have not been concerned about this. So Last question are, do you have worries about ai? Are you optimistic? Like how would you characterize your feelings, your, your belief about ai? I'm mostly optimistic. I'm mostly optimistic, but I am anxious And I think the anxiety comes from the fact that it's just really hard to know what will happen and how fast it will happen. And, and in addition to that, I can see a place where maybe the end thing will be really good. Like, you know, imagine we have AI can do everything, et cetera, whatever you want. And the end thing is, well we just, you know, we just have a life of leisure.


Maybe that's the end thing. It's great. I worry that the transition may not be so good, especially if it's very fast because it may be the case that a lot of people could lose their job, et cetera. I just don't know. My sense is that what we probably want is probably a slower transition rather than a faster transition. And, and it seems to be happening that way with translators interpreters. No, you, you've said like, right, this has been one of the frontiers of AI research and development And it's taken a long time. The good news is that even with things that are clearly obvious, societies take a while to change. Even, even with things that are like, we just all agree that this is the right thing to do, it just takes years. And so I, I think in general, if you give humanity, you know, a couple of decades of notice, I, I think we'll probably figure it out.


But I do worry about a, a short transition because, you know, if a lot of people lose their job at the same time, particularly, you know, this is kind of this, this, all this research, large groups of unemployed young males leads to basically war. Like, you kind of don't want that, you know, as long as that doesn't happen, I, I think we'll be okay. Alright, well thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me. Thank you, Greg. Thank you. If you liked this, you can hear more of Greg's newsletter interviews and other bonus episodes like the Planet Money Movie Club by signing up for Planet Money Plus, in these times of uncertain advertising revenue subscriptions are the steadiest best way to support our work and help keep us going.


Again, just go to plus.npr.org for details. We are very grateful. I'm Mary Childs. This is NPR.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from s and p Global s and p Global has private companies covered. Whether you're looking for your next investment or m and a target performing peer comparables, assessing counterparty credit risk, or monitoring your supply chain s and p Capital IQ Pros, extensive private company data can give you the insights you need to gain a competitive edge. Learn how you can dive into the companies that matter most to you at s and p global.com/private company data.


This message comes from Warby Parker. If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Find a Warby Parker store near you at warby parker.com/retail.