
Support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. A rich life isn't always a straight line. Unexpected turns can bring new possibilities. With a hundred years of experience navigating ups and downs, Edward Jones can help guide you. Let's find your rich together. Edward Jones, member SIPC.


This is Planet Money from NPR. So, alright. I was out on maternity leave for a while And I don't know, something about that time just made me view things in the world differently. I was questioning why everything is the way that it even is contemplating the big questions. Like, like why in the world do stores send me so many emails, an email a day from every store I've ever bought anything from ever? Why? Things like that, you know? So, okay. Yeah, no, not the most important issues of our time, but like that little pet peeve that just like ugh, gets you every single time you open your email.


I actually really need to know how bombarding us with email like this doesn't backfire on them. Like, let's get to the bottom of this. And I was certain that other people At Planet Money also had little petty annoyances that once we understand them, could maybe make us less bitter about it all. So I told everyone, come to me with your complaints. Vent to me. What is annoying you in the world that I can help make sense of? And I'm just gonna say, some of us really needed the catharsis. James Snead, you have a list? Sure. Yeah. Okay. Like, driving is terrible.


There's like traffic everywhere. Nobody knows how to drive. Everything's expensive. Nothing. Nothing's cheap. Nothing's cheap. Merry childs. Oh, You know, I wish that we had peace on earth and We we're not interested in the big ones. We want Petty Co. Okay, Sorry, sorry, sorry. Lexi Horowitz, what's your beef? You got some beef? Okay, my beef Is, oh, I'm so sorry, sir. We don't do free refills and Then you have to buy an entire, another like three to $6 cup of coffee. Outrageous. Alex Goldmark, planet Money's boss Boss. Yeah, it was about my microwave. Okay. Okay. The short version is my microwave broke. I'm, I'm now mad at like all appliance designers. I'm, I am sad for skilled labor in the us.


Like this took me on a journey. I think I haven't gotten a single thing fixed since like 1999. Like I think I just go like buy a new product. Okay, well here's what I'm thinking. Okay. I don't wanna live in that world. I wanna live in a world where we can like fix. Yes. Hello and welcome to Planet Money Complaining. I'm Sarah Gonzalez and we are complaining for the sake of learning. We can't tackle world peace. But there was a theme to some of our complaints. We are annoyed consumers, So we are gonna try to understand the other side, the annoys today on the show. Why appliance companies maybe don't want us to repair things.


The very sad thing about satisfaction, like customer satisfaction that could keep cafes from giving you that little top off and the bane of my existence. 70% off sale email. Why do stores keep sending them?


This message comes from Grammarly. It's harder than ever to meet the demands of today's job priorities. But 90% of professionals say that Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. Their AI communication assistant can help you communicate more confidently and effectively in just a few clicks. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so you can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


This message comes from Apple Card. With Apple Card, you can get up to 3% daily cashback every day wherever you shop. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


So can I just, can I like vent to you for a little bit? Yes, I know I just met you. I called up Cynthia Price to give her my genius idea that stores should send less emails because Cynthia works with stores that send these emails. Okay, so I, I get an email a day from, it seems like every store I have ever interacted with, ever in any way, shape or form. And I feel like, Like something's not working. Like what could these brands be thinking? Yeah. Like it is, they're conditioning me to not open their emails ever because it's too many emails.


They're conditioning me to just click, click, click, click, click delete. And also they're kind of making me hate them a little bit. Can I ask you some questions? I'm just curious. Yeah. Cynthia is an email marketing expert at an email marketing company called Litmus. And for some reason Cynthia loves getting store emails. It's a browsing opportunity for me. It's a break from my day. I Will say I do enjoy clicking and deleting. I'm an inbox zero girl. Like, oh my God, I was just about To ask you if you were an inbox zero person. I mean that that is, that is part of the difference between me and you. If you like me, think that email has gotten out of control.


We are right. Cynthia says store send more emails than ever. Okay, if I open my Gmail right now, it's like Chase, massage Envy, thrive Market, chase, Carter's, Carter's, Carter's, Carter's. Why is Carter's emailing you so much? Carter's emails me four times a day every single day. Cynthia, What is that? Carter's is a kid's clothing store. Oh wow. Yeah. That that's a lot. Like Who buys things from an email that they get A lot of people. Yeah, of course they're sending emails because it works. But how, how could this possibly work?


It's like a great form of marketing. It Is. There are very few tactics that you can use as effectively as immediately as as email We're. Mm, outta luck guys, of all the forms of marketing, email has one of the highest returns on investment. We know this because stores can usually see when we open their emails. So there's data and here's how it all plays out. Let's say you're a store with a hundred thousand people on your email list and you send out an email that's like spring deals are in Bloom or 70% off your winter phases. Now something like 20 to 40% of people will open that email like see it.


That doesn't mean they're actually clicking through to your store's website though, to see any of your spring deals On a good day, 3% of those people total are gonna click on your email. That's not to mention the people that are gonna buy from it. Yeah. Just like 3000 of the 100,000 people you emailed are gonna click through to your store and even fewer are actually gonna buy something. So not that many people fight, but some do. And that's worth it. For every $1 spent on email marketing, there is a 42, 2 40 $8 return on investment for the store.


That's the average. Yep. And that's, that's A real Stat. It's a real stat. A 4000% return on investment. Yeah, I mean it's, it's, it is incredibly effective. Part Of that is just that email is cheap, right? You're paying for someone to write an email, maybe make it pretty, but the bigger part is that email has such a high return on investment because you invited these stores into your inbox, You have actually raised your hand and said, yeah, send me promotional emails in some way, shape, or form. You At some point liked what they were selling or even bought something. That's how you ended up on their email list. So it's just more likely that you will buy something again, Which just is like an entirely different world to play in as a marketer than it would be if I was putting up a billboard on the highway or just trying to target everyone on Instagram who is between the ages of 20 and 25.


I mean those are way different scenarios. It's expensive to get your ad in front of people online who might not even like what you're selling. And I'm sure Instagram marketing is also relentless and it feels like all social media just knows everything about our wants and likes and our buying patterns. But Cynthia says email marketing is still usually more effective because they just know that we want their content. But do we though? No, I just signed up because when you buy something online, you have to put your email if you want the receipt. Yeah, You just wanted the transactional emails that say like, when's my, where's my shipping? That's all I want for every store. All right.


Cynthia says, some brands, some stores, they do do email marketing very well. Like they have cult followings. There's a snowboarding gear company that sends out emails when there's fresh snow on the mountains targeted to your location, like the closest mountain to you with fresh snow that seems useful. Inundating you with emails. Cynthia says I was right. It is risky. What they're training you to do is block them out and you're gonna unsubscribe because you're so annoyed by it. Or you will completely learn to just completely tune them out and you won't even look at what the subject line says at all. You probably are already there.


Oh, I'm there. And every couple of months I will do like a mass unsubscribe purge, which Cynthia says is kind of like the biggest F in marketing land. Like you had me and you blew it, you lost me. But it doesn't really matter because someone else will like it. So some stores don't really care if they lose me and maybe even damage their reputation with me. I have to wake up every single morning to 30 marketing emails just because someone else out there is gonna buy something. Alright, who else has to get something off their chest?


I Know I have things to complain about, but Merry Childs, We should all be on the same time zone, which Would mean like nighttime is daytime for some people. That would mean that perhaps you And I wake up at what is called 10:00 PM and we go to work and the sun is out and it's shining. I'm just gonna squash this one right away. This, you don't wanna go to work at 10:00 PM and it's daylight outside. It's Just called 10:00 PM What do you care what it's called? Am pm. That's just made up. You were a baby when you learned that. It doesn't matter. I don't know. Countries of the world consider it and cafes of the world consider Alexi Horowitz's next gripe. Basically, Alexi hates it when coffee shops charge him for refills.


It just like taints the whole cozy coffee shop experience for him makes him not wanna even go back. Like at least give him a discounted refill. He's a reasonable guy. Some places they'll say gimme a buck. How about a, how about an extra dollar? That's pretty chill. And then it makes you wanna be like, here's an extra dollar as a Yeah. In the tip jar. Exactly. You know what I mean? Exactly. We are on the same team. I don't, I feel like we are On the opposite Team when they're charging me for the refill. This is just like regular coffee, not like the fancy, that's not like a mocha chuck or something. It's just like straight up, straight up. Like coffee, coffee, Black cup of coffee. No, no Adulterants. Oh Oh no sugar, no cream, no sugar, no nothing. Nothing. The gesture of a free little top off when he's setting up shop at a cafe, ordering snacks, spending money would go a long way for Alexi.


He says it would make him so loyal. He'd be like the best repeat customer he thinks. So he wants to know why so many coffee shops don't see the benefits of offering customers a free refill on like a small 12 ounce cup. Can I ask you, do they make a 16 ounce cup? Yeah, I could buy the larger cup. Isn't that just like the free refill? No, look, there's a, there's a problem with that. It gets cold way too fast. It gets cold. You're to totally Right immediately. It's just a mood thing. It's just a mood thing. It's just the tiniest signal I get about what kind of business this is For Alexi, it's less about the money or even what's practical.


It's more about how all of this makes him feel in a copy shop. So I called up a sort of expert in how we experience things. I study both experiences that cost something as well as experiences that don't cost something. So I'm really interested in how paying attention to certain things gives us more or less enjoyment. So yes, Enjoyment. Kristen Diehl studies joy, technically satisfaction at the University of Southern California. Like the joy we get out of experiences, she teaches consumer behavior among other things. And I'm just gonna say it, Kristen is very joyful. I'm Generally a happy person.


Think and my advisor told, told me that people either study what they're good at or what they're bad at. Okay. I think, I think this is the perfect match. I think I, I have some insights there. Yes. Much more complicated question than you would think It is. I, I agree. First of all, Kristen says we can blame diners for the expectation of free drinks, Right? Because they're the ones who kind of suggested to us that that's something normative like the norm for a diner. Maybe still like I walk around with this like coffee pot that has the coffee burned on the bottom right? Yeah. Diner coffee. But You know, they also tend not to be the ones who are profit.


My maximization entities. Oh sorry. But a coffee shop is not a diner. They don't particularly want you to linger taking up seats maybe for hours with just your $5 coffee. So even if a free refill would make Alexi happy, The incremental benefit of him being a little bit happier with this is probably not worth that cost. So Even for like a little top off. Yeah, it's just a little top off to you. But times 24 7, it's still an expense. Coffee shops are just gonna do what makes them the most profit. Right? That's why they don't do this. Our extra happiness isn't worth it.


The man. So if Alexi is gonna be happy in a coffee shop, he's gonna need to charm the workers. Get the rogue employee that's like, I'm supposed to charge you for this, but like I'm not gonna charge you. And then you're like, yes, we're in this together. Yeah. Okay. So there is actually research and something like that. There's research on how satisfying good surprises actually make us That works the first time. But then the next time he was like, okay, where's the rogue employee here? Turns out customer happiness is not as valuable as you might think it is. The problem for companies is that when they give things out for free as a surprise, we come to expect it the next time and we are not happy if we don't get it.


Yeah. And then you're like, is Jack working today? Is is Jack here? Because he's normally the guy who gives me my my tea. Kristen says, there's actually a sad ending to anything that brings us satisfaction. We Adapt to that and we get accustomed to that. Even if the rogue employee always reliably gave us the rogue free refill, or even if it wasn't rogue at all, if it was company policy like Alexi wants it to be, they could do the exact same thing that made us happy last time, but we're just not as happy. That is sad. Yeah, I think that's sad. But it's called hedonic adaptation. Hedonic adaptation or the hedonic treadmill.


The theory behind this is basically that you don't just go up, up, up in happiness forever. For instance, as you make money and you can buy more and more things, your expectations also rise. This seems like a good reason for a coffee shop to not give free refills. 'cause they're like, oh, whatever. You're just gonna get mad at us about something later on. Anyways, I it Definitely will like give your colleague a bigger bump the first time than the fifth time. No question asked. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I am gonna tell him, just suck it up. 'cause we're just gonna be dissatisfied eventually anyway. 'cause we're terrible people because people are terrible on the Upside that got us out of the caves.


Right? If we had been happy in the caves, we wouldn't have ventured out. Yes, she did. Just say on the upside, dissatisfaction is why we came out of the caves. By the way, Alexi might be onto something here because Starbucks of all coffee shops is bringing back some free refills, which might sound very exciting now, but we know the excitement will fade after the break. Why it's so hard to fix things these days. Hint, it's all by design. But first, Yes, umbrellas are the worst. A quick complaint from Kenny Malone.


The umbrella is an inherently selfish thing. You build a little bubble up round yourself that is gonna poke other people. Take up too much room, pour water on other people. An umbrella has negative consumption. Externalities is how we would put this in the econ world. You use it, you benefit. I'm happy for you, but you are making my life worse when you use the umbrella. So can we just stop?


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on think or swim. Visit schwab.com To learn more


Support for this podcast and the following message, come from Robinhood missions to Mars driverless cars. AI chatbots feels like the future has already arrived. Robinhood is built for the future of trading. Their intuitive design helps make trading more seamless spot opportunities and take control of your trades and even trade your favorite assets all in one place. The future of trading is fast, powerful, and precise. Experience it now on Robinhood. Sign up today, investing is risky. Robinhood Financial, LLC member, SIPC is a registered broker. Dealer


support for this podcast and the following message come from Robinhood missions to Mars driverless cars. AI chatbots feels like the future has already arrived. Robinhood is built for the future of trading. Their intuitive design helps make trading more seamless spot opportunities and take control of your trades and even trade your favorite assets all in one place. The future of trading is fast, powerful, and precise. Experience it now on Robinhood. Sign up today. Investing is risky. Robinhood Financial, LLC member, SIPC is a registered broker dealer.


All right, Alex Goldmark, planet Money's executive producer. His microwave broke and he got ranty. And just like the perfect amount of concerned about the future of fixing things, I go to use the microwave and it just doesn't work. It doesn't turn on that. The little digital clock doesn't tell you the time. I've got one of the ones that goes over the stove, the light underneath it doesn't work. Nothing. And it seems pretty, pretty obvious to me that like a fuse blew, like that's just the way it broke, right? Alex Wants to fix the fuse himself, even though you apparently definitely should not try to do this. It can be very, very dangerous. But there's no like fuse panel on the microwave, no little door to open where he can swap it out.


And he's like, oh, come on. Why would you bury the fuse? So I'm, I'm being a little dramatic with my fuse panel, but it's a stand in for why don't we design things for repair like a, a appliance that is in your house made out of lots of metals and like, like toxic parts. He doesn't wanna throw it out. I wanna try to fix it like it's just a thing I believe in and I'm so sure it's a fuse. But with no fuse panel, it's more complicated than Alex can handle. And he calls up repair people And most of them are like, we don't, we don't repair microwaves. Like they're too small. Like it's too little. It's not even worth it. But the manufacturer, they have their official repair people, right? So he calls them up and They're like, cool, we will send somebody, it will be $179 for them to show up.


Then it will be $200 an hour billed every six minutes in increments as they do the repair. Plus the parts. It was gonna cost Alex $981 to fix his broken microwave and just $793 to buy a new one. Have someone deliver it and install it. Where's the incentive to fix things Sarah? There's a saying in our business, our number one competitor is the price of a new appliance. Oh, This is Stewart k with the repair company. Mr. Appliance. Wait, are you, are you Mr. Appliance? I'm Mr. Appliance, New York City. I own the New York City franchises.


Stewart Has repair people driving to people's homes all over the city and he has his own complaints about that. Like expensive parking Tolls, congestion, pricing, I mean ridiculous things. Stewart, Mr. Appliance is very proudly non woke as he says. Yes, very good. Very proud of his queen's, New York accent. Oh, Of course it was my nickname in college. What was your nickname in college? Queens. Queens. Oh that is such a great nickname. And Stewart is based in Manhattan where Alex's broken microwave was and where Alex got his decently expensive repair quote. Yeah, $200 an hour I think is the going rate.


Does that seem right? It seems cheap to me. Oh, Stewart asks me a bunch of questions about Alex's microwave, which I'm gonna let Alex take. First of all, how old is the microwave? Five years. How much did you pay for the microwave? $400. Okay, And what brand is it? Bosch. Bosch. Alright. Knowing the brand is very important and the reason for that is some brands make their units easier to repair than others. Yeah. Stewart says several manufacturers make products that are not meant to be repaired at all. They make the repair difficult, they put the replacement parts in difficult spots. They make it time consuming, hard to get to, hard to take apart.


They just, they make it difficult as opposed to other companies that make repairs very easy. This is what I'm talking about. It's like some appliances, even if you're like the handiest handy person because The manufacturer doesn't want it. All right. Some manufacturers put parts in difficult to reach places because they want you to rely on them for repairs. There's actually a whole right to repair movement of people saying we shouldn't have to rely on the manufacturer. We should have access to the tools and information we need to repair the things that we have bought. Some states have laws that give people the right to repair, but then other brands just actually make it impossible for anyone to repair.


Like if the part breaks, they do not make the replacement part, it doesn't exist. So you have no option. You have to throw the appliance out and buy a new one. If you ask Stewart Manufacturers do this because they don't really make any money when you repair things. They make money when you buy a new appliance. But it's not just that sometimes brands are just making things in the cheapest way possible. Like one brand makes a part out of a hundred percent steel when another one makes it out of a hundred percent plastic. So it's just not meant to last that long. Which on the bright side means that there are cheap appliances available. Everyone can have them. Alex's microwave is apparently not one of those brands.


No, no. Bosch is actually, their products are meant to be repaired and that doesn't mean it's cost effective to repair them, but they're meant to be repaired and that means Bosh will make parts for them for many years. Yeah. Just because it's designed to be repaired does not mean that it will make sense financially to repair it. A repair person has to come to you. Right? It's a very high skilled trait. Yeah. It takes a long time To learn it. And you're not just learning how to fix one appliance or anything, how to fix all appliances. If you have to know how to fix a microwave, you have to also know how to fix a dishwasher and a washing machine. Stoves, which mean you need to know plumbing, electrical, there could be gas leaks, pretty heavy lifting a refrigerator.


Right? And this was Alex's point at the very beginning of the show, that the high cost of repair makes him sad for the future of this skilled labor in the us He wants to be able to to use that labor, but when it becomes so expensive, it's like, well, yeah, just buy the other one. That's Just way of the industry. So, And you guys try to like, oh, let's bring down our prices, but like you're just, you're stuck. You, you can't bring them down. No, It, for us it costs weather cost and sometimes this is nothing you can do. The repair is more expensive than the appliance, but a lot of times the customer still repairs it because it matches the kitchen.


It has custom cabinetry. The new one is different, it's a different size. They'd have to call a carpenter. So your, your bread and butter is kind of like people with like a fancy modern kitchen. High, High end. Yeah. We go it a high end appliances. If it was a $500 microwave, we wouldn't even come out. We'd tell you, go buy a new one. The repair market. It's a higher end market. By the way, Alex did not buy a new microwave. A repair person came to him and actually told him exactly what the problem was and where he could go on YouTube to fix it himself. Which again, oh, you should not do never.


What about like, if your own microwave breaks, would you know how to fix your own microwave? I wouldn't even try. I'm gonna tell my boss that. So those are our gripes. And didn't it feel good complaining, catharsis? Well, apparently recent research has shown that venting and letting it all out can actually make you more riled up, more stressed out. Venting may not actually be good unless the person you're venting to can help broaden your perspective. See the other side, which we did right? This is a very, okay, this is, I'm gonna sound ridiculous.


Erika Bears, I cannot stand little free libraries. We have free libraries. They are actual libraries. They're called libraries. Erica, this is a genius grievance. This episode of Planet Money was produced by the one and only James need and edited by Maryanne McCune. It was fact checked by the amazing Sierra Juarez and engineered by James Willetts. With help from Jimmy Keeley. Alex Goldmark is Planet Money's executive producer. Special thanks to Jamal Miller at Intuit MailChimp. I'm Sierra Gonzalez. This is NPR. Thanks for listening to us, Ben.


Support for NPR and the following message come from ID tech. Id Tech is a summer camp for ages seven to 17 with over 50 courses like BattleBots, AI coding, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code ID tech to save $150.


This message comes from LinkedIn ads. Target your buyers by job title, company role, and skills. With LinkedIn ads, all the professionals you need to reach in one place, get a $100 credit on your next campaign at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you'll learn relevant in-demand skills you can apply in the workplace right away. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.