
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


This is Planet Money from NPR R. A little while back I bought something online that frankly seemed too good to be true. And after seeing this thing with my own eyes, I knew I had to share it with somebody. My Planet Money colleague Sarah Gonzalez. It's like a white envelope. I had mailed this thing to her as a kind of proposal to, you know, co-host this episode about this very strange economic mystery And then more bubble wrap.


This package had come from the Chinese e-commerce website, Alibaba. Alibaba is the kind of place where you can buy like two dozen lawnmowers straight from the factory. You gotta pop the bubbles. But what I had bought, It's a lot smaller. Oh, so satisfying And a lot shinier. Jeff, what is this? Is it a fake diamond or a real diamond? Sarah, This is not a real diamond According to the website that I bought it off of. That is a real diamond. What? It is a one carrot colorless ideal cut diamond.


It's basically an engagement ring. Quality diamond. That's what they told me. Wait, this is like creme de la creme. Top of the top, like perfect cut, perfect clarity, dude. It's park. Now the retail price for a diamond like this, it depends. If it's a natural diamond, we're talking $5,000. If it's a lab grown diamond, we're still talking around a thousand dollars. But that was not what Alibaba was charging. So how much did you pay? I paid $137. What? I mean, it's not a real diamond, right?


There's no way. Or is there a way? Hello and welcome to the Planet Money Diamond. I'm Jeff Go. I'm Sarah Gonzalez. And Jeff, this is the start of a real mystery here, or a scam. Is it a diamond? Is it real? How is it $137? Well, today on the show we're gonna answer all of those questions and dive into the economics of sparkly, sparkly things. My favorite things 'cause the market for diamonds. Lemme tell you, it started to get very, very weird. Yeah, no, I think it's just gonna be fake diamond.


This message comes from a DT with trusted neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C, all rights reserved.


This message comes from Capital One with the Venture X Card. Earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus get premium benefits at a collection of hotels when booking through Capital One travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.


This message comes from Insperity providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters.


So Jeff, when you sent me this diamond that you apparently bought site unseeded off of this website in China for $137, my first thought was obviously it's not real, right? Which is why we tried some experiments. So there are like tests you can do at home to see if something's a diamond or not. Do you wanna try those? Oh yes. They're not like definitive or anything. Oh, like bite it. Like they can like get clues. No, not bite it. Still don't bite the diamond. Like smash it. The first actual test that you had me try was to try to scratch something really hard with this diamond of ours, right?


Because diamonds, which are made of carbon, they are the hardest naturally occurring substance on Earth. Jeff, What? It literally created like a gash in my glass kombucha jar. Oh my god. Test number one can of promising it's feeling real. Test number two, put a diamond in a glass of water. Diamonds are super dense so they sink, but fake stones, a lot of them will float. All right, I'm dropping in the diamond. Let's see if it makes it clink. Okay, it sank straight down to the bottom. All The way to the bottom. Wow. It looks even sparker in water.


Test number three. You had me hold the diamond up against my cheek, Right? So diamonds are incredible conductors of heat. So they're supposed to feel weirdly cool against your skin. Does it feel hot or cold? No. You feel nothing. It doesn't feel Hot. May maybe warm. Okay, so the last test, I'm gonna say not looking good for you, Jeff, but yes, the other two experiments were leaning diamond. Obviously these tests are not like super scientific. No, no, no, no. So do you wanna know the real answer, Sarah? Oh, already so soon. Yes. Well, well, no, no, no. First I I, I gotta tell you a story about how I figured it out.


Of course. All right, let me get settled in here. Okay, So before I ever mailed you the Planet Money mystery diamond actually took it on a couple adventures. We started out at the GIA, the Gemological Institute of America. They're like the diamond experts. So a couple weeks ago, okay, they're walking into the GIAI went to one of their labs in midtown Manhattan. Wow. This lobby's really pretty for the diamond industry. The GIA is like the temple of truth. It's where people take their diamonds to get poked and prodded. And given a grade by expert Gemologists, I met their executive vice president Tom Moses.


Hi, How are you? Hi, Tom Moses. Hi. Who was gonna take me behind the scenes, which they don't usually do because the GIA inspects millions and millions of diamonds a year. So let's just say we were in the presence of a lot of dollar signs and I've noticed we have a security guard following us. Yes, we do. Is that, is that just for me? Yeah, just for you. No, no, I'm kidding. I I'm, I'm kidding. Tom kind of was not kidding the whole time I was there I had to have a security escort. Anyway, Tom introduced me to the scientist who was gonna be taking a look at the Planet Money Mystery Diamond Ika. Dan Hanson, senior manager of Diamond Research here, Dr.


Ika Danon Janson has a PhD in physics, specifically in diamonds and how to identify them. So if anybody in the world could tell us what we had, whether it was a real diamond or a cubic zirconia or some newfangled futuristic kind of fake diamond, it was gonna be Dr. Orca. Should we, should we talk about this mystery diamond that I bought? Yeah, please. Let's, alright. I've been showing it off so it might be a little smudge. That's Okay. On the table in front of us was a large microscope hooked up to a television. So now taking your mystery diamond and looking at it under the microscope.


I'm sorry, I think that's some cat hair. Yeah, there's a little bit of cat hair there. A little bit of fluff. But that's, that, that, that's, that's not a problem. Wouldn't it be a Jeff Glow story if cat hair wasn't involved? It's, my life is covered in cat hair. So after getting the cat hair off and the fingerprints of basically all my friends and family, Orka got her first good look at the Planet Money mystery diamond. What I'm seeing here at least is that it's very high clarity. Oh, that's good. Right? That's good. Orka said, yeah, if this is a diamond, It is a very nice diamond. And to figure out if It is a diamond, she was gonna pull out all the stops for us, run all of these fancy scientific tests.


So she takes me to where the GIA keeps all of its most advanced equipment. It kind of looks like a room where NASA might assemble satellites. Like the walls are white, the ceilings are white. There's this HVAC system that's filtering out every stray pinpoint of dust. And in one corner there was this big beige cabinet. It was called a spectrophotometer. This machine was gonna tell us what kinds of atoms the Planet Money mystery diamond was made of. A real diamond, of course is made of pure carbon. Now, to get our diamond ready for the big test, apparently we had to make it really, really cold. We need to give it a little bath. It's going to go in liquid nitrogen.


So liquid nitrogen. I'm sorry, what? No one told me about this. Yep. Your, Your diamond is gonna take a bath. Now Ika has this bubbling thermos of liquid nitrogen. She pours it over our mystery diamond. Careful, careful. Which is sitting in a little dish and she loads it into the machine inside a bunch of lasers turn on and they're just like blasting our sample like pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Meanwhile, ULCA is watching a monitor nearby, Thinking about it. Oh, oh. And then the squiggles come up. So the screen was showing this squiggly graph. It looked like a bunch of mountain peaks. And somewhere in those peaks was the answer. Ulca points to one of them.


This one here, She says that specific peak. In that specific place, it tells us we have carbon atoms. Carbon atoms arranged in a very special way. It tells us this is diamond. Oh, a hundred percent. This is a diamond. So we're not looking at a stimulant. Okay, so, so, okay. Confirmed. We have a diamond. We Have a diamond here. Amazing. No, yes. This is a real diamond. Yes, Sarah. It is official. The Planet Money Diamond is a real diamond. This is, this is a twist. I wasn't expecting this, but hold. Okay, hold on. There are diamonds, right?


And then there are diamonds, you know, there's, there's natural diamonds and then there's like the lab grown diamonds. So is this, is this where we're headed? Okay. Okay. So it is true that for the last 10, 15 years, people have been growing these beautiful diamonds in the lab. But I just wanna be clear, natural diamonds and lab grown diamonds, they're both real diamonds. They're chemically the exact same thing. I mean, tell that to the, to the real diamond crowd. But, okay. I will say the big difference between natural and lab grown is still price. Right? So a natural diamond like this could sell for maybe $5,000.


But if it's lab grown, the price's more like a thousand dollars. And Oracle's machines, they could actually tell us exactly what we had. 'cause every diamond it turns out, is unique. It doesn't matter if they look flawless. The naked eye orca says they all have these little defects, these little impurities, little imperfections. It it's that imprint of, of how it grew, how it it survived in the earth or how it was produced in a laboratory. Like a, like a, like a fingerprint or like freckles. Yes, exactly. The placement of freckles on anyone who has freckles is slightly different. So these imperfections can tell you how a diamond came to be.


And when Orca examined our diamond, she saw three really telling imperfections. Number one she saw when she looked at it under the microscope, They're teeny tiny little black specks. Oh, I see them. Oh. But they're so small. So these specs, most diamonds have them, are bits of stuff from the environment that get trapped inside the diamond when it's born, whether that's deep underground or in a lab. Now the second imperfection she saw was when our diamond was in that fancy liquid nitrogen laser machine. Because no diamond is like a hundred, a hundred percent carbon. Most natural diamonds, they have a little bit of nitrogen in them. But our diamond, it had something else.


It had tiny traces of silicon in it. You could see it on the chart. That feature creates this, this spectral signature. Oh And both of these clues, they were pointing in the same direction. It's lab grown, not natural. That's right. So the Planet Money Diamond is a real diamond just grown in a lab and orca is like 100% sure about this. She is 100, 1000% sure. She said the shape of those little black specks and the fact that there is silicon, those are really only things you see in lab grown diamonds. Okay. But, but now here is the coolest part. There is one more imperfection that Orca noticed and the moment she saw it, she was like, oh, not only can I tell you this is a lab grown diamond.


I can tell you exactly how they grew it. How do you even grow a diamond? Isn't it amazing? There are actually two different ways that people create large diamonds in the lab. So one, you try to mimic how a diamond is made in nature. So you get this giant press, some of them are 20 feet tall and you just like squish some carbon at really high temperatures. But there's also a newer method that's becoming really popular. It involves growing diamonds layer by layer. And what Orka says is basically a fancy microwave oven. So when Orka put our diamond under this special black light and zoomed way in, she could actually see traces of that process.


One of the things that you'll notice is that there is a line going through it, a layer Under the black light. You could see a very faint line going through the middle of our diamond. So as they were growing, probably they were struggling a little bit with their conditions. They weren't able to maintain it, they had to stop, they take it out, get it a little clean, polish it up, and then they grew a second layer. So you're telling me that the top half and the bottom half of the diamond grew at different stages? Yes. Different stages. We, we, We have a, a Kit Kat diamond. It's like got, it's got like layers to it. Yes. Yes. So it's not the perfect Oh no, no. Perfect imperfect hold No, no lab grown Diamond.


No. I just wanna be clear, I just wanna be clear here. Okay. That layers are invisible. You cannot see it with the naked eye. This is a high quality diamond that happens to be lab grown. Okay. But here's the thing that still doesn't make sense. If you were to walk into a diamond store today and try to buy a lab grown diamond like this one, like, like our Planet Money lab grown diamond, that would cost you like a thousand whole dollars. And yet you bought this lab grown diamond for $137. Yeah. So that, that is the final mystery we're gonna try to figure out after the break.


We're talking about the bizarre economics of the diamond market


Support for this podcast and the following message come from LinkedIn marketing solutions. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. So when you wanna reach the right professionals, use LinkedIn ads. Target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash money. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. Financial decisions can be tricky. Your cognitive and emotional biases can lead you astray. Financial decoder, an original podcast from Charles Schwab can help listen today at schwab.com/financial decoder.


This message comes from DAF Giving 360. No matter why you give your donations can do so much more with a donor-advised fund from DAF Giving 360, you can get a tax deduction upon funding an account and your assets can potentially grow tax free. It's a tax smart way to maximize your charitable giving from a fund. With over 25 years of expertise, bringing donors, financial advisors and charities together make a greater impact. Learn more at daf giving three sixty.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent and G twos winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


So before we talk about how we were able to get a diamond for $137, let's just take a step back to talk about where diamond prices in general even come from. Yeah. Like why, why do we even pay whatever amount of money for a rock basically? Yeah, yeah, exactly. Like the diamond industry is built around this kind of circular idea that people want diamonds because they're valuable, which makes diamonds valuable because people want them because they're valuable. And the deeper you get into the economics of diamonds, the weirder it gets. So to understand how our Planet Money diamond fits into all of this, we should start with natural diamonds.


Like why are natural diamonds so expensive? The modern version of that story begins with De beers. De beers, the diamond company. They got us all to think diamonds are special. Yeah. So for many, many decades the DeBeers company, they controlled almost all the world's diamond minds. So they were able to keep the supply of diamonds really low. But more importantly, like you said, in the 1930s and forties, DeBeers launched maybe the most genius marketing campaign in history. They convinced all of us that If you love someone yeah you get them a diamond. Yeah, You better, you better have that diamond ring if you wanna get engaged. Yeah. The diamond is forever.


That's them. It's forever. Yeah. So that marketing campaign really, really juiced diamond demand. Yeah. And of course when you have high demand and you have a company that's like keeping the supply of diamonds low, that is obviously going to make the price of diamonds go up. Exactly. But now the story gets weirder. 'cause by the 1990s the beers had started to lose its diamond monopoly. A bunch of competing diamond mines had opened up. De be's leader had to settle an antitrust lawsuit. So they didn't control the supply of diamonds anymore. But diamond prices still stayed high for decades. Yeah. Why is that?


I'm so glad you asked because I called up the expert. Can you just say your name for us and what you do? Yeah. So my name's Paul Zinsky and I'm an independent diamond industry analyst. Paul Zinsky is like the diamond markets guy. He travels the world visiting mines and factories collecting data on supply and demand. Paul says right around the time that to beers was losing control over the supply of diamonds, they found a big new way to juice demand. They took the same classic playbook. You know, a diamond is something you give to someone 'cause you love them, all that stuff. And they deployed that playbook in a huge untapped market. A country with more consumers than anywhere else in the world.


China. China, you Know, culturally Chinese consumers really didn't buy diamonds prior to say the two thousands. So they were kind of marketing that as a new area to drive diamond demand. And you know, it, it started to really catch on. So in large part, thanks to these new Chinese customers buying into the story of diamonds and also buying a lot of diamonds, Paul says diamond prices actually hit a new peak in the 2010s. Okay, so now lab grown diamonds though, they, they enter the mix. Yeah, yeah. Does that not bring the price of natural diamonds down? Yes, but here's where the diamond story gets even, even weirder.


So these high quality lab grown diamonds, they started hitting the market in a big way about a decade ago. And people did worry at the time, are these gonna crash the price of diamonds? But because scientists like orca can actually tell a lab grown diamond from a natural diamond, instead what happened is the diamond market split into two different markets. So if you look at the market for natural diamonds over the past 10 years, the prices has come down maybe 20% Because people who would've bought natural diamonds started buying the lab grown ones. Yeah. That is a big part of it. But Then you look at the market for lab grown diamonds and that has been just on a wild ride.


So at first lab grown diamonds were pretty expensive. Paul says if you went to the jewelry store, the lab growns, they were only 10% cheaper than natural diamonds. Essentially they were selling, you know, a, a lab diamond having this the same maybe meaning if if you will of of a natural diamond. So they were piggybacking off the sort of a diamond is forever and super expensive marketing stuff from DeBeers. Absolutely. That's the way I see it. They're essentially riding on their, on their coattails. Like you remember the marketing for the Sarah, right? It was like be ethical. Yeah. This is not a blood diamond. This came from a lab. Yeah. But the more and more people that started to buy lab grown diamonds, the more companies invested in perfecting the technology to make them, to grow them bigger and cheaper.


A lot of this breakthroughs were happening in China since China was already the world leader in making diamonds for industrial purposes. So Sarah, let me show you something that blew my mind. Remember Alibaba, the Chinese website where I bought the Planet Money Diamond? Well they don't just sell diamonds there. Take a look at this page. Okay, I see a machine, I see like a big machine with like knobs all over it. It kind of looks like a big giant like ice machine. Oh it's a different kind of ice. Sarah. This is a chemical vapor deposition machine. This is basically one of those fancy microwaves or it was talking about, Oh, so you can buy the thing to make your own diamond for just $158,000.


Yeah. Yeah. Steal. Do you wanna buy one? No, I'd rather just buy $158,000 worth of diamonds. I mean a lot of people did think this was a steal. Paul says over the past couple years, companies in India and China have been buying tons of these kinds of machines building big new factories. Paul's actually visited some of them. There's really not anybody there. It's basically machines that are, that are growing diamond. They'll just be, you know, rows and rows of them. All these automated factories with their rows and rows of diamond making machines led to a huge upswing in the supply of lab grown diamonds. I Would describe it as like a, a bubble in in production. A a bubble new supply that really became clear And I would say 2022 and 2023.


Since then, the wholesale price for lab grown diamonds has absolutely crashed in just three years. It's fallen like 90%. It's been this cataclysm for the diamond industry. Paul says some lab grown companies are going bankrupt. Also, you know how diamonds are also used a lot for industrial purposes. Some companies are actually pivoting back to that just making diamonds for like saw blades and drill bits. Diamonds are a construction worker's best friend. You know they are. Okay, so this is how you got our diamond for so cheap. You got it wholesale direct from the supplier. Yeah, Exactly. And and the normal wholesale price for a diamond is something like $137 I guess.


Well you know I did ask Paul about that. So how much do you think I paid for it? I would say the wholesale on that diamond is under a hundred dollars. A hundred dollars. Oh Gosh. You said under a hundred dollars. What? Yeah, apparently this is like, so You overpaid for extra sparkly labrum. I know I badly made in a microwave diamond. I know. Apparently this is like an open secret in the industry. Literally nobody that I talked to was surprised at all that I'd somehow managed to buy this diamond for $137. Apparently it was not even that good of a deal. Okay. But there is this like disconnect for me.


'cause Paul is saying that the wholesale price for a lab grown diamond, like this one is a hundred ish dollars. But if you walk into like any diamond store right now, this exact kind of diamond is not gonna cost you a hundred dollars at a store. It'll cost you like a thousand dollars. Yeah, exactly. That is the biggest mystery in the diamond market right now. The markup. Yes. I think we should buy one of these diamond making machines. Yeah, I know. That's what I'm saying. So this is the big puzzle right now. 'cause for natural diamonds, the typical markup, like in a retail shop it's maybe 30%.


But for lab grown diamonds, the markup right now is like 600%. Okay. Logically this should not happen, right? Someone else should just open a store next door, sell the lab grown diamond for a lot less than a thousand dollars, like $500, $300. They would still make a huge profit and then everyone else would cut their prices and all the prices would go down. Right? But that isn't happening. And there are a couple theories why. So theory number one is maybe there's collusion, right? Maybe there's some conspiracy among diamond stores to not lower their prices. But there are so many diamond stores, you know, in person, you can also buy them online.


So it's kind of hard to imagine that they would all agree to this. Yeah. That doesn't seem like the likely scenario here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So theory number two, this is about something maybe going on with customers. Think about when you buy a diamond, right? For most people it's maybe once or twice in your life. So the price of diamonds is not like the price of gas. You're not paying attention to it all the time, Right? People don't really know what the price of diamonds are until they're at the store buying it. And when you see, yeah. Oh, this one is $3,000 less than a natural diamond, you think like, wow, what a steal. You don't know that it should actually be even cheaper than That.


You don't know that it's actually a hundred dollars. Yeah. So part of this is that the price of these lab grown diamonds has been changing so quickly, the wholesale price, but eventually you would expect consumers to catch on and for the prices to come down. PSA news you can use, you're paying too much for your lab grown diamonds. Well, unless you believe in the final theory. Theory number three, and this goes back to why diamonds are so expensive in the first place. You know the whole story that de beers sold us decades ago, how diamonds are supposed to be this expensive symbol of love and affection. So there's a big difference between buying someone an engagement ring that costs $5,000 versus $99.


Yeah. You don't wanna seem cheap. Yeah. You know, I think it's just psychologically hard to let go of the idea that a diamond should be expensive. Like on some level it just doesn't seem right that you can just order a diamond like this for $137. I mean, just look at it. It's a diamond. I'm just gonna say this would not matter to me personally if it's as sparkly as the diamond I'm looking at right now. Like I don't care if it's natural lab made. Don't you just want something sparkly at the end of the day? Isn't that the only thing that really matters? Okay, so Sarah, you know I did try to embody that mindset.


I did try to imagine this diamond as you know, just a commodity and the cold hard marketplace. Wait, what are we doing with our diamond? Did you try to sell our diamond? Well, okay. Okay. Let me tell you one last story. So when I was in New York, I took our little diamond out for a walk in the diamond district To see it's family. Great Street lamps are shaped like diamonds. It's pretty cool. The diamond district is this one block in midtown Manhattan where like 90% of the diamonds that come to the US pass through. It's like the Ellis Island of diamonds.


I was walking down the street And I saw so many shops selling diamonds, but also buying diamonds. You guys buy diamonds? Yeah, Diamonds. Yeah. Where can I, I followed this guy wearing a sandwich board. It said we buy diamonds, we buy gold. And he led me to this dark kind of dirty stairwell. Oh, just, just go up the stairs? Yeah. Okay. Oh, oh, here. Yeah. Oh, Push, push, push, push. Okay. I walk in and the door actually walks behind me and they have me go into this small back room.


The shades were down and there were these three kind of big looking guys just sitting around. What's this old thing you got, bro? This. That's my microphone. You recording? Yes. Is that okay? No, I don't know. I mean, I prefer not, but if you recording whatever, I don't care. But The guy behind the desk said his name was George Mooks. How do you spell that? I know you gonna ask me first spelling of my last name, bro. What do you I Report. I gotta ask. Come Talk to me. Show me what you got. All right, all right, all Right, all right. Hold on. I handed over the Planet Money Diamond. Told them what kind of diamond it was. How many carrots? So this is a lab grown diamond. Yes.


It's not a natural diamond. No, I got, so you need to go to somebody that buys lab grown diamonds. You don't even buy lab grown diamonds. I mean I do, but honestly speaking, I really don't because I don't have a customer for labs. Oh. Oh, he didn't want our diamond. Okay. No, he didn't even want it. Okay, so you wouldn't, so you wouldn't even buy this? Not for me, my friend. Not for you. I cannot offer you editing. It is not for Me. But just then one of the other guys who's watching our conversation gets up from the couch and comes over. Lemme Ask You a question. What do you want for that? Well, I, I paid 137. I don't care what you paid.


You paid $137. Yeah. And how much you asking? This is one carrot. Yeah. You're not gonna get $50 today. You don't think so? Like anywhere on the street? No. You Nowhere. What you looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry about, okay, he's telling you from experience. Now, this second guy, he said his name was Solomon. No. Last name are you? Are you the owner of this? No. CCEO. You like a KGB digging? Yeah. FBI over here. What do you want? I'm a reporter. I'm a reporter. So Job don't report somewhere else. All right. All right. Come to do business here.


I have no time for a report. Okay. And you know what Sarah? As I was standing there in that little room, seeing our diamond in the hands of some stranger, I realized something. I realized maybe I didn't want to sell this diamond. I Don't know. I don't know if you didn't want to so much as they were not going to win You. Fair, fair, fair enough. Fair enough. Anyway, I got our diamond back from Solomon. Alright, thank you so much. Appreciate it. And I got out of there. Thank you. I'm glad they didn't let you sell it. 'cause I have actually grown kind of fond of our little Planet Money Diamond. Jeff, how dare you try to sell it. I mean, I, I kind of feel the same way.


You know, that's what I was thinking in that room. Like me and this little diamond, we've been through things from the lasers and the liquid nitrogen to our romantic tour of the Diamond District. No matter what anyone else says, this diamond is valuable to me. There is a new perk for Planet Money plus supporters. You can now listen to some of our classic series from the Planet Money Archive, like when we bought some gold to understand why it's been used as money for thousands of years. You can find all five episodes in one playlist with more playlists coming if you're already a Planet Money Plus supporter to come out.


Also, thank you. If you're not sign up@plusnpr.org. You also get bonus episodes sponsor free listening, and you know you're supporting the work of Planet Money. This episode was produced beautifully by one of the Sparkliest producers in the business. James Snead, planet Money's True Diamond. It was edited by Keith Romer with help from Jess Jing Fact Checked by Emma Peasley and engineered by Quai Lee. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. Special thanks also to Martin Rappaport. I'm Jeff Glow. I'm Sarah Gonzalez. Yeah, go for It. You say it right? Well, I don't know.


You should say it. It doesn't matter. I Know you take it. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. What does it mean to be rich? Is it having a million stories to share? Is it having more time to give? Edward Jones' Financial Advisors will support what matters to you. Edward Jones. Member SIPC.


This message comes from Greenlight. Did you know that Parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at Greenlight dot com slash npr.


Support for npr r And the following message come from Edward Jones. What does it mean to be rich? Is it having a million stories to share? Is it having more time to give? Edward Jones' financial advisors will support what matters to you. Edward Jones, member SIPC.