
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One, na member, FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom Fin by Intercom. The leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


This is Planet Money from NPR. A few weeks ago we got this kind of mind-bending question. It was from our friends at Radiolab, which is a show about science and philosophy and, you know, just, just the sheer joy of curiosity. And in this case, they were curious about growth in particular economic growth. How could it possibly go on forever and can too much growth destroy us? And in trying to answer their big question, we ended up in some pretty heady and unexpected places. Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Jeff Go. And today we're doing something a little bit different.


We've teamed up with Radiolab and we're going to try to answer one of the biggest questions that often goes unsaid in economics. Here's Latif Nasser from Radiolab to get us started. Hey, this is Radiolab. I'm Latif Nasser. What got me thinking about economic growth was not all the stuff that's in the news, the tariffs, the fear of the recession, all that stuff that everybody's talking about. What started, it was a lecture I heard a little while back by of all people an astrophysicist. So I'm going to sketch what we know about Earth's history. Cosmically speaking, Her name is Sandra Faber. She goes by Sandy Miracle, brilliant scientist.


She co-authored the standard model for thinking about how galaxies form. She won a national Medal of science back in 2011, and she started the lecture by saying, we have a pretty happy little planet to live on. Ruth Is a good place to live for let's say, of order a hundred million years at least, should Be livable for a really, really long time. Okay, Except, so now She goes on to say Lessons from, for us over the last century or so, we've been seeing planet wide GDP growing exponentially. So what she did is she took the average gross domestic product worldwide.


And that's a rough measure of economic growth. And that had been growing recently around 3%, which for economists is like a happy little growth number. You will Recognize 1.033% as the the whole. But Sandra took that 3% and with some quick math, she started to just play it out year after year. And in her lecture, she's showing this chart where you can see this curve just shooting Up. We can see this number is completely ridiculous. This Is, and she was basically like, look at all that growth that's eating up Earth's resources. A Large number here is bad because means that we want more of that product.


And so even though Earth should be good for a hundred million years, we're gonna just eat the planet up. We're gonna devour the physical material level of this planet. We're gonna eat it up in more like a couple thousand years. And My concern is that we're not talking about this. And when I heard that that was, that was, that was breathtaking and horrifying. And honestly, like, I haven't been able to stop thinking about that number 3%. It sounds like a specific thing, but also it's, it's kind of abstract and mathy. And I wanted help, I wanted help to parse this out. It's like, how bad is that really?


How bad could that possibly be? And so I turned to someone whose job it is to literally make sense of this exact kind of thing. Hello? Hi. How are you doing? Hi. I'm doing well. How are you? And we had what I felt like was a kind of a rollercoaster of a conversation, so I'm just gonna play it for you right now. Yeah. Okay. So I am Jeff Go. I'm one of the hosts of the Planet Money podcast at NPR. Terrific show. Thank you. And I, I guess what do I do? I talk about economics all day. That's, Oh my God, I guess that's what I do. I'm, I need you, I need you to help me.


It's more than scratch an itch. I need you to help me Cure this existential dread that you have now. That's Exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, I guess where I would start is, and you know, I would hate to contradict a Nobel Prize winning astrophysicist. Yeah. It just sounds like, you know, starting out on dangerous territory there. I mean, what? She won the National Medal of Science, not the Nobel, but she's, She's gonna, she's gonna, it sounds like she's gonna win. Okay. Yeah, sure. Fair. Fair. But you did ask me to kind of look into what things are we gonna run out of? Yes, yes, yes. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited.


After the break, can we cure lattes, existential dread? Or did we just make it worse?


This message comes from a DT with Trusted Neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers, notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C, all rights reserved.


This message comes from Capital One with the Venture X Card. Earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus get premium benefits at a collection of hotels when booking through Capital One travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.


This message comes from Comcast. Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists create connectivity solutions that change the way people work, live, and play. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who is focused on revolutionizing the in-home wifi experience today. And for the next generation, Kunle builds powerful Xfinity wifi devices for a fast, reliable connection with capacity to connect hundreds of high bandwidth devices at once more@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Okay. Latif. So I looked into your question about growth and Yeah. Stuff that we might run out of. And I found a couple things that, you know, people are worried about. Okay, great. And I just did some very rough back of the envelope math, like this is excellent. So totally not precise. My Favorite kind of math, my favorite Kind's. So man, wavy Great. I love it. Okay. So I don't know what, what should we start with? Copper? Yeah, that's a big One. Copper's. Copper's a big deal, right? Very big deal. So if you look at copper consumption over the past century since the industrial revolution, okay. You know, our demand for copper has grown about 3% every year. Okay.


Like, you know, in recent years, it's, we've consumed about 26, 20 7 million tons a year of copper. Yeah. Yeah. So if you just, you know, extrapolate that out, if you just assume copper's gonna keep growing at 3% every single year. Right. Fair, Fair assumption. I looked Up how much copper people think we have, according to geologists, what we know is out there and could theoretically get to. And that number right now is five to 6 billion tons. Okay. It's not nothing, but we're using it pretty quickly. And if you just assume that, that this number is gonna keep growing at 3% a year. Yeah, yeah, Sure. It would take about Maybe another 70 years and then no more copper.


That's it. 70 years. That's 70 years. 70 years. Oh, that, okay. So that sounds terrible. It's true. It's true. That's assuming of course, that, you know, we do keep consuming copper that quickly, Using copper and needing copper the same way that we are. Yeah, yeah. Sure. T minus 70. Yeah. No copper. No. For anybody. No copper. Okay. Okay. So then what? But then, so that's, this seems to point exactly to Sandy Faber's point, right? It's True. It's true. It's true. Yeah. Do you wanna do another one? Oh, that's the end of it. I thought you were gonna be like, but there's a giant, there's a copper thing that we're gonna No, there's no, but that's it. It's just like, yeah, she's right about copper. Okay. But there's a but there is a but coming up, there's a but Yeah. Okay. Okay.


Okay. Okay. But you wanna go through more of them before we get to the, but is that the idea? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Next one. Okay, next one. Okay. So another one I looked into is sand. Okay. Yeah. Sand. Which seems like there should be a ton of that. Seems like there should be so much of it. Yeah. And you know, the reason why we need sand, right? And Why do we need sand for Concrete? Ah. So it's actually so important that we don't know how much we're using. Oh my god. Okay. Like, we're using so much, we just, we actually don't know, but like ballpark estimates, we're using maybe 50 billion tons of sand and gravel every year. Okay. That sounds like a lot.


I don't even know. I can't even visualize that. I don't know. It's a lot. Right. And I couldn't even find how much sand and gravel there is in the world. Like nobody actually knows. Okay. This is one of those numbers where it's like, but we're doing like back of the envelope math here. Right, right, right. So, so I was like, well, if we don't know how much sand and gravel there is in the world, surely we know how much rock there is in the world. Right? Totally. Totally. Right. Totally. So I, I, I looked it up and according to geologists, the earth's crust, all of the earth's crust Okay. Contains maybe like 23 quintillion tons of rock and stuff. Okay.


Okay. But it, But it does seem like, like the, the, the whole point of sand is that it's, it's like teeny tiny, it's this like, it it would, it would take a lot of energy to turn that rock into sand. It would, it Would. But assuming that we're able to do that. Right. Okay. Okay, great. Great. And assuming, assuming that we're gonna use sand, that, that we're gonna use sand and gravel at a rate that grows by 3% every year. Yeah. Year after year after year. Yeah. It would take about, do you wanna guess how long it would take to deplete the entire Earth's crust? Wait So quintillion based on the growth rate and the uses now Yes. I would imagine this, this one is gonna be, this one is not on Sandra Faber's side. I'm gonna guess this one is like way, way, way far from now.


Like, like, this is gonna be like a, a million years or something. Five to 600 years. That seems so short again. It does, doesn't it? That is way shorter for the whole crust. I know. Oh my God. That's not like, it's long, but it's not that long. No, like that's like, that is nuts. All right. I got a couple more. It is Just making me more and more existentially worried. Okay. But keep going. That's how I felt. That's how I felt when I, when I started on this journey. Right. Okay. I got, I got a couple more. Okay, Great. Love it. And I gotta pull up my spreadsheet. You wanna talk about lithium? Okay, great. Good one. Good one. And lithium, you imagine there are like those giant deserts filled with those like sand flats or whatever, right?


Yeah. In Bolivia and in Bolivia. Arg. Yeah. Okay. So this one will be again, like, I think this one, I feel like there's gonna be a curve ball in here where you're like, no, no, no, we have enough that enough for, you know, for, for millions of years. Anyway. Okay. Keep going. Okay, Hang on. Let me see. Let me pull up my, if my notes go on this, I can't wait when we have to fact check all of this. Okay. Lithium, so we are using about 190, 200,000 tons of lithium every year. Right. That's kind of, okay. So, and that's like in, that's in phones, the electric cars, da, da, da.


Yeah. Batteries. Batteries is the big one for lithium. Yeah. Very important. Yeah. Lithium consumption, of course has been exploding. So over the past decade, lithium has been growing. Do you wanna guess how much it's been growing? What, like, like 5% or 10%, or On Average around 20%. Okay. Wow. Okay. Wow. So we need a lot of, and we need a lot more lithium. Right. Which Is good. Which is good. Which means like, more electric cars, more da da da da. Right. More recyclable batteries and stuff. That's great. Yeah. So geologists think that of all the lithium that we know is out there, there's probably like 105 million tons of it, like out There that sounds a lot less than the sand. You're ti like, this doesn't sound, this is gonna get worrying.


Okay. Keep going. Right. And so, you know, if you do this whole, you know, the same math and you just, if you assume, if you just assume just, you know, for the sake of argument, it's only gonna grow at 3% a year, right? Yeah, sure. We'd probably run out of lithium around About March. I feel like you're gonna say like, I feel like you're gonna say like, so soon. Okay. Tomorrow, keep Going. About about a hundred years. Okay. A hundred years. Again, It is just not bad. No, it's, it's bad. It's bad, Jeff. It's bad. We, we need that. Like, we're gonna need that later for even better stuff. It's true. Okay, keep going. I'll, I'll do one more. I'll do one more, which is, and this is a big one, oil.


Mm. Really scary one. Yeah. But hopefully we're weaning off of this one. So maybe this one is a different, hopefully like it's going in the opposite direction. Hopefully It doesn't seem like it's really happening yet. Oh God. But, but I don't think you have had a single piece of good news here. Just wait for It. Okay. All right. So if you look at oil, right? How much do we consume every year? About 37 billion barrels of oil. Alright. As a world, how much is left? Probably 1.6 trillion barrels. Really? Yeah. So it's not That's A lot. It's a lot. But it's maybe less. It's less than I thought. So another way to say 1.6 trillion is 1600 billion.


Right? Right. So 37 billion a year. We have about 1600 billion barrels left Out there. Yeah. That, when you say it like that, it sounds quite, quite, quite alarming. Yeah. Not Great. So, you know, if you do the math, again, exponential growth, very scary. But we Do wanna use less of it anyway. Right? Yeah. I, I'm ambivalent about this. I'm trying to Yeah, yeah. Okay. About 28 years. No way. Yes. That is nothing. 2052 might be the day we burn out of oil. Wow. Maybe, maybe. I was worried about when Sandra Faber said we had thousands of years, and you're like, you, you are, you are taking me even an order of magnitude less. Is that Yeah, it's like Maybe decades.


Yeah. So I started to get, you know, a little nervous. And so I thought, well, like what happened in the past, you know, like when we were ex over exploiting some resource and it looked like it was gonna run out. And when I looked into it, there's this funny thing that happens. And, and so just for example, lemme tell you a story, please. It's About medieval England. Okay. So it's the 14 hundreds. Okay. It's like medieval England. It's the 14 hundreds. And this amazing new technology has just arrived on the shores of Yoi England. And It is this new way of making iron.


Okay. It's Called the blast furnace. Just so, just like very briefly, like before the blast furnace, you kind of had these backyard ovens basically, where you kind of baked the iron ore to make the iron. And they were like super inefficient and really slow and not great. Okay? But this blast furnace, the scientific innovation was that if you blew air onto the fire, you could get it really hot and Then you could get so hot that you could just melt the iron. And it was amazing. Got it. And this like revolutionized iron making. So these blast furnaces, they're these huge 20 foot tall stone towers. You would have these giant bellows at the bottom blowing in air. I Was just imagining the bellows.


Yeah. I was just imagining the bellows. Yes. Okay, cool. Okay. So that's the key innovation here. Yes. And, and medieval England iron was so precious, so important. You needed it for plows and spades. Horses, shoes, pots, kettles, nails, hammers. Yeah. Whatever. And so now you had this technology that you could make these blast furnaces. They could make a ton of iron a Day. A ton. A literal ton. A literal ton, which is like just unprecedented. Yeah. The problem with all of this is what was the fuel that went into this blast furnace? And at the time it was charcoal, Which is, which is charcoal is made outta wood. Is that right? No. Yes, Yes, yes. So, so this was not Good.


So you're, so they're like slurping down forests basically. Yes. Yes. Just picture the English countryside. Right? You've got these blast furnaces ending up these huge plumes of smoke, and then everyone's just chopping down trees as fast as they can to feed these giant blast furnaces. It's, it's, yeah. And it makes people really concerned. Yeah. Like really concerned. They're like, oh my God, where are the trees going? But it got so bad that by the late 15 hundreds, you have parliament banning new iron mills from starting up in different places. They're like, we cannot do this. We just cannot deal with this Because we, we have have one tree left and everyone's about to, We can't, we gotta save The tree Cut down. We gotta save the trees, Right?


The tree. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You even have Queen Elizabeth the first, not the second. The first. Okay. All Right. You have Queen Elizabeth the first, she is issuing royal edicts saying, no more charcoal making in my royal forests. Wow. Like, we just can't, we can't do this anymore. But then something happened. Okay? So in 1709, this English guy named Abraham Darby, he figured out how to use a different kind of fuel. Okay. So not charcoal. So maybe you want to guess what he figured out? Oil probably right? Coal. He figured out coal. Coal, yes. He figured out you can use this sort of modified coal to run these blast furnaces.


And this changed everything. I'm not exaggerating. The iron industry took off. This led to the industrial revolution. We avoided the problem. We avoided the shortage. And it's not an isolated example. This is a pattern that comes up. We, we did this with whales when we stopped using whale oil for lamps and started using kerosene. We did this with rubber. We started making synthetic rubber instead of getting all our rubber from trees. It's happened over and over again where we have stood at the edge of the cliff where it looked like, oh crap, if we keep doing what we're doing, we are gonna run out of some precious resource.


Right. And then somehow at the last minute, catastrophe is averted. I mean, I I, this has happened so often. I feel like we should give it a name. I know. I was gonna say, do economists have some kind of like wonky name for this? Not that I could find. So I'm going to take the, the, the opportunity to give this a name. I love it. Jeff, It is yours. Yours the name, Please. Okay. I, I, I think we should call this the Malian Swerve Swerve Malus sw Swerve. Why? And why that? Because Re remember, do you remember Thomas Malis? Yeah. And I, if I remember he, his whole thing was like, no, you tell me what his whole thing was like.


Yeah. So he was this famous English philosopher type. He lived, you know, in the, he grew up in this 17 hundreds, pretty much around the time that coal was taken over England. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right. So he was seeing a lot of this happen, and he's famous for predicting that humanity's growth would hit a limit that, you know, populations would grow faster than we could provide food for them. Right. And so the future of humanity was to be limited and trapped by our own lack of resources, and that everybody would just be miserable and sad and poor. Right. And hungry forever. He he does not sound like he would've been fun at parties. Yeah.


Yeah. He's a real bummer. But maybe what he's more famous for is that none of that happened. The reason that malice prophecy didn't come true Yeah. Is due to what I would say is the most important Malthusian of all time. Okay. And this one is fertilizer. Right? Right. Wait, it is like the green revolution or whatever, right? Is that right? The Fertilizer revolution? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if you want to hear the guano story, Please. I love the guano story quickly. Story, We quickly, We can do, we can do a quick, I know the Guana story, but I love the Guana story And I want to hear you tell the Guana Story. Okay. So it together then. Yeah. So let's get together the most.


So like, so this is like the 1800, a little bit after Mauss time in the 18 hundreds, Europeans are starting to realize you can really supercharge food production if you use better fertilizer. Yeah. Right. And specifically there's this one fertilizer that indigenous people in South America were using that was amazing. Guano guano, which is basically just bird poop. Yeah. Right. Okay. So, so basically you would have all these sea birds and they would poop on these rocky islands and coast lines along South America, and the poop would just accumulate. So, so, so the Europeans, so like in the 18 hundreds, the Europeans are importing hundreds and thousands of tons.


They're literally fighting wars over control of these guano islands. Like Spain is getting into wars with Peru and Chile. Yeah. Like, just, just to who, who gets to seize the poop islands. Right. And but the problem is we were using guano way faster than the birds could, you know, make the guano. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then In the 19 hundreds, in the early 19 hundreds, some German chemists figured out a way to Right. Basically make synthetic guano, they invented an industrial process to literally pull nitrate nitrogen. Yeah. That's like the key ingredient in guano. Right, Right, right. To pull it outta the air and make synthetic fertilizer. And that is, that is on the order of a like alchemy discovery.


Yes. Yes. Like that is like this thing that, that is super abundant in the air all around us. Yeah. It is literally the majority of the air. But it was unusable. And then we, there was a hack where we then figured out how to make it usable. That that seems like, yeah. Yeah. That's like a miraculous technological breakthrough. Yeah. It's a miraculous story. And It is like, maybe one of the best examples of this thing that I'm gonna call the Malthusian swerve Swerve. I like it. Right. I like it. And the swerve, so the swerve is like, it's like, like when you say swerve, I'm picturing like, it's like a car about to collide into a cliff, and then right at the last second, whoop swerves outta the way.


Yeah. And, and mouth. This is driving the car thinking that of course we're gonna hit the cliff. And then some really, it's like the passenger who then just like, just like takes the wheel inks the steering wheel. Yeah. It's like, nope, not gonna happen. Yeah. Right at the last second, we figured it out. Yeah. And if you look at human history, this is a pattern that happens over and over again. I find this somewhat of a relief. Yeah. It's sort of encouraging, but it also seems like, like there's so much drama here.


And, and yeah, there might be a time where we can't swerve in time. Like, what, what happens? That's true. If and when we can't swerve in time. Yeah. And also, I would argue sometimes the swerves, sometimes we swerve right into another cliff. Yeah. So for example, this, the, the, the example you, you talked to about from charcoal to coal, which is great for the trees, except after a while it's also bad for the trees. Right? Like, it's like global rising temperatures lead to wildfires, lead to trees, not able to grow where they once were able to grow. It's true. Like, it's like we're s it's true. We're, But we've bought ourselves more time.


Fair. Right? We've bought ourselves more time, But then we just always use that time to step on the gas to the next thing. Right. And then maybe when we do swerve, then we swerve into something worse. Something that causes, you know, war or exploitation or, or, or just messes up the planet in a way that you, that is un swerve backable from. I mean, yes, that is all totally right. It is a mess. But, but, you know, to help us unpack it, I think we should talk about a swerve that we are in the middle of right now. Actually first we're gonna swerve to break, but only for a minute.


Then we'll swerve back and step on the gas directly towards a currently oncoming cliff.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from LinkedIn marketing solutions. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. So when you wanna reach the right professionals, use LinkedIn ads. Target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash money. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. Financial decisions can be tricky. Your cognitive and emotional biases can lead you astray. Financial decoder, an original podcast from Charles Schwab can help listen today at schwab.com/financial decoder.


This message comes from DAF Giving 360. No matter why you give your donations can do so much more with a donor-advised fund from DAF Giving 360, you can get a tax deduction upon funding an account and your assets can potentially grow tax free. It's a tax smart way to maximize your charitable giving from a fund. With over 25 years of expertise, bringing donors, financial advisors and charities together make a greater impact. Learn more at daf, giving three sixty.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to Shopify dot com slash npr to take your business to the next level today.


So we have been talking about a couple historical examples of this. This thing I'm calling the Malian Swerve, where it looks like society is about to run out of some resource, but at the last minute, some new resource or idea or innovation comes along and saves the day. And when I was looking into this, I was like, okay, is there a more recent example? Is there an example of a Malthusian swerve that happened just in the last couple years? And you know what? There is one oil. Oh, We're in the middle of the Malthusian oil. We are swerve. Yes. Remember, do you remember like in the eighties and nineties, all of the talk about peak oil?


Yeah. Do you remember? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, and, and even before that, like I think in the seventies and stuff, like, it's like we keep, we keep having this conversation over and over again. Peak oil Yes. About peak Oil. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you have, you have people, you have geologists, distinguished geologists saying, warning us that, you know, we're gonna run out of oil, that we're gonna reach peak oil very soon. And that well, oil's Ous. Well, you just told, you just said it in 52 years or whatever. Like you just said it the same thing. Yeah, yeah. Well, Back in the 1990s, they were saying it's gonna happen in the two thousands. They were saying, oh crap. Like, we're gonna start running out in the year, like 2000 something. Yeah. And if you look at oil production, like Yeah, it does.


Especially in the US Yeah. It does kind of start to slow down in the two thousands people, a lot of people were wondering about what are we gonna do? How are we gonna adapt? How are we gonna move away from oil? And if you look at the chart, you'll see the oil production, it goes, kinda starts to dip in the two thousands. And then it starts to rise again more and more and more. There's, there's a swerve and that was caused by the fracking revolution. But Is that a swerve? Like, I mean, if we're now we just found another way to get more fossil fuels. Like is that even really a, that feels like a, we swerved and swerved right back in the same direction. I, I, I, that is one way to think about it. The way I think about it is like, it's a mini swerve, you know, like, oh crap, we're running into the cliff.


We can't find any alternatives. But we did find a way to get a little bit more oil outta the ground in the meantime. But, but, but in a way, running out of oil isn't even necessarily the problem here. The, the problem is the thing it's doing for everything else. It's, It's true. The problem with fossil fuels, it's not that we're gonna run out of them. We have too much of them. It's too easy to go and find oil on the ground. It's too easy. We have a problem. That's not, it's not a scarcity problem. It's an it's antis scarcity problem. Right. And then we burn them and then there's these horrible side effects for the environment. And then the world's getting hotter and wildfires are popping up. Like that's the Problem. It's a much harder sell though. It's a much harder sell to tell people we have too much of this thing that's gonna hurt you, as opposed to we have not enough of this thing to take care of it.


Yes. That is the key thing here. I think. Like you look at how these malus swerves, if we're gonna call it that, how they happen. I love it. I love it. Keep doing it. How did, how did they happen? Right. And it was people who were motivated by the terror of we're gonna crash into this giant problem Right. In so many years and we need to figure out How we're necessity is the mother of invention kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Desperation is the inventor's best friend. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And you, you look at how an economy works. And I'm not saying this is the, the ideal way to operate, but an economy works through incentives. It's one of those things where the more you use, the less you have, the less you have, the higher the price, the higher the price.


Then all of a sudden new pockets of that resource that would've been too expensive before to get now become unlocked. Yeah, Exactly. Or also we might try to innovate, right? Like now there's an incentive to invent something newer, cheaper, better than what we had before. Like I would bring up the example of like lithium right now, there is so much money and if you can invent a battery that doesn't need lithium, you will like, I don't know, win the Nobel Prize. Right. Like you will, like there is a lot of energy and motivation to solve that problem. Yeah. And if we were all just gonna be like, well we just, we don't need that much lithium 'cause we're just gonna conserve it and recycle it and we're not gonna grow, then what's the point of trying to make anything more efficient or better?


There's no incentive. Yeah. But It just, it feels like a, like a trap. Like and, and an especially capitalist kind of a trap where the only thing that will inspire us to innovate or to swerve, to use your word, is the immediate danger of the cliff. Like, like, like, like, I mean we're, we're talking about resources and economics, GDP and blah, blah blah. But really this is all like a head game. It's like all like, people's minds work in this very specific way and long-term thinking is so hard for us. And Yeah. And it's like we've got this system that leans into a thing that is already a problem with us and the way we think. It's like we're just gonna use it as long as it's there. And when it's starts to almost not be there, we'll figure it out on something else.


Yeah. Right. How do we get people to actually do the thing that is in the long-term interests of everybody? Do you like, is the solution to have like some intergalactic Queen Elizabeth come down and say, no, no, no, no guys, you're using way too much oil. You gotta stop, you gotta stop, you gotta put a pause on it. Right? Is it that, or is it sort of, we're all left to our own devices and some combination of the free market and also government leaders worrying about this thing hash out some kind of Yeah. You know, compromise. That's kind of what we're stuck in right now. But Like, we're also smart enough to like, can't we figure out a system where we don't have to just drive into the cliff and swerve at the last minute every time. Yeah. You know? Yeah. If this was your car.


Yeah. And there was, I mean, this is such a weird analogy. There's only one car and you, whoever is in the driver's seat, really it's all of us, but whoever's in the driver's seat keeps driving pedal to the metal accelerating faster and faster Yeah. At cliffs. Yes. Like you would take their keys away, you'd be like, sorry, this you are not fit to drive. It's scary. Yeah. I, I I don't know what, why do we keep doing that then? Like, do you think growth is inevitable? Do you think growth is good? What do you, after all of this, what is your take on growth in particular? I think that growth is, maybe we should talk about what growth even is.


Like, there are always gonna be parts of the economy that we point at and we're gonna say that's bad growth. We don't want that. But growth is not just us burning a lot of fossil fuels and polluting the planet. Right. Growth can be good. Like growth could be starting a new business, mentoring kids, inventing a new kind of medicine that saves lives that is also growth. And, and so for me, I guess it's hard for me to say that growth is bad. And, and maybe it's because I've just been too economics pilled, but when people say the word growth to me, I think of a country like China. You know, China's economy grew so fast that it lifted 800 million people out of poverty.


Incredible. Right? It's like hard to say that Im Impossible seeming. Yeah. It's hard to Say. That's bad. That's funny. That was probably the population of the entire earth in Malcolm, Right? Yeah. And that's amazing. And so I, I think it's about figuring out it specific things that we can do to be smarter about it, to, to, to to, to make it less harmful. But I don't know. Yeah. I I I agree with that. Like we, we all have needs. Yeah. And there are increasingly more of us. But I do think that taking, like, And I, I still am sort of struck by the sandy Faber's, like stone cold, like zoom out. There's nothing that's wrong about that logic either. She just has a seemingly a different priority than most economists, which is like she, she's thinking in a, in a, at a, at a different scale.


Yeah. We have been given the gift of cosmic time, we have hundreds of millions of years, if not another billion years, but we have not solved the problem of combining human nature with living in abundance. So I should tell you, we actually ended up talking to Sandy Faber. My cosmic point of view at this moment is to try to figure out how people will live the best possible life on earth after cheap energy has passed away And telling her about your Malthusian swerve idea, Where is the next swerve? That's, that's the thing, that's the thing specifically with regard to energy. And it sounds like, And the thing that she was most concerned about was that energy is just so wrapped up in all these different parts of our lives.


Basically everything we do, and it has these huge effects on the environment. She says we're, we're actually dealing with a bunch of different cliffs and a bunch of different kinds of cliffs all at the same time. Some people call it the poly crisis and some people call it the meta crisis. Basically We're facing a crisis of crisis, A crisis of crises. Yeah. So every time we think of one of these possible swerves, I'm not saying we shouldn't pursue them, but they leave a large fraction, everyone leaves a gigantic fraction of the problem unsolved. So I I would say a huge issue for a long-term happy human history in the future is having a more mature picture of wealth, how it should be managed and how growth should be managed.


Hmm. I, I think Sandy And I we're totally in agreement about what we want for the world, for the future. Yeah. It's just about how we get there. And so can I give you, can I give you my, my, my silly galaxy brain way of thinking about all of this? Yeah, please, please. So you're talking about like, why can't we, this is, you know, the earth is our home, so why can't we all, you know, get together and take care of it Yeah. And cooperate and all of that. Right. And if you're just a household of like a couple people, you have a relationship, right. If you're just a village you like know everybody, you, you know, you can help each other out. Yeah. Give each other things, all of that.


But yeah. When, when you get bigger and bigger, when you get to the scale of countries and like the world, right, it's very hard to get people to cooperate. Hmm. It's very, very hard. Everybody has different opinions. No one's gonna agree, everybody's gonna have different motives. And what an economy is, is a way of turning all of that, of organizing us at a global scale into something productive. And obviously, you know, the economy is not perfect. There are all kinds of problems we didn't even have the time to, to talk about today. But when it comes to dealing with issues of scarcity, like running out of some resource markets are a tool that, you know, historically have kind of worked, even if it's been super messy and dramatic and swervy and may have created way bigger problems down the road.


I I, I'm not saying that the economy is the answer, right. But it does give me a little bit of hope that the economy finds a way most of the time hopefully. Yeah. I, I don't know. I don't know. I like is, are we talking about a swerve away from resources or should we really be talking about a swerve away from a certain kind of thinking or a certain kind of economy or, or, or just thinking about growth in general. Like, like it's true. You're right that in the economy is a way to organize a globe. But like, but maybe we need to be acting more like a household 'cause 'cause we only have this one house.


If you can figure out a way to do that, they will give you a Nobel Prize like on the spot, I guarantee. Okay. Well thank you Jeff. Thank you. I don't know if you exactly chased away my existential dread, but, but I appreciate you sort of holding my hand through it. That's all we have in the end each Other. That's right. That was my conversation with the ferociously curious and thoughtful Latif Nasser over at Radiolab. We are huge fans of their podcast. They tackle all these big questions and little questions with so much joy and wonder. They just did an episode on other kinds of growth. So like, can fingertips grow back?


Or how do you grow the biggest pumpkin in the world? Though I gotta add, my favorite episode of theirs recently has to do with this weird cork in the law where you can kind of plead guilty and not guilty at the same time. It's really weird and it has to do with spoiler, the economics of justice. Anyway, a big thanks to the Radiolab team, pat Walters and Soren Wheeler who edited and produced this conversation. Natalie Middleton, who fact checked it. They're running a version of This episode in their feed. Our version was produced by Emma Peasley and edited by Jess Jang and Alex Goldmark. And a Special thanks to Jennifer Brandel. I'm Jeff Go. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. What does it mean to be rich? Is it having a million stories to share? Is it having more time to give? Edward Jones' financial advisors will support what matters to you. Edward Jones. Member SIPC.


This message comes from Greenlight. Did you know that Parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at Greenlight dot com slash NPR.


Support for NPR r And the following message come from Edward Jones. What does it mean to be rich? Is it having a million stories to share? Is it having more time to give? Edward Jones's financial advisors will support what matters to you. Edward Jones, member SIPC.