
This message comes from NPR sponsor Ultra Software by UL Solutions. Ultra Software helps companies drive innovation, meet regulatory requirements, and get safer, sustainable products to market. Learn more@ultrus.com slash npr.


Thank you for listening to Planet Money. We wanted to check in with you, our dear listeners, to see what we are doing well and how we can improve. So if you can please take a short, anonymous survey at npr.org/pm survey. That's all one word. It takes less than 10 minutes. And you do all of us At Planet Money a huge favor by filling it out. We especially want to hear from people who have not taken a survey before or our new listeners You. know who you are. That is NPR R dot org slash pm survey. Thanks. This is Planet. Money from NPR. In 2012, Christine and John Scalara moved from New Jersey to Florida because of John's job.


That move still a little bit of a sore subject for them. I came down kicking and screaming. Didn't wanna be here. And yeah, so Best decision I ever made. I haven't shoveled snow in 12 years. Nope, I might disagree. Florida of Course. A very sunny place, which at least partly explains how Christine and John came to sit down one day with this young salesman named Justin. This is about three years ago. Justin told Christine and John that what they needed more than anything in this world were solar panels on top of their cute little ranch house. The sales pitch was very simple.


Electricity's only gonna get more expensive. So you're 300 bills gonna become 400 than 500 with no end in sight. But you'll be able to get rid of your electric bill. Yes. And become energy independent. And They'll pay you. They'll Pay you. Yeah. And not only that, but any excess they'll, they'll be paying you I mean it's a great sales pitch. You know it's a great sales pitch. Justin walks them through how it will all work, no money down. Just a monthly loan payment of around $200. The solar panels will replace about 75% of the energy they've been getting from their power company. If the panels happen to make more than what they use, the power company will pay them for that extra energy.


Christine, she worked as a high school guidance counselor. John had just gotten laid off and cutting down their bills. That much was pretty attractive. Even better, after 20 years, they would own the panels outright. How great would it be to start a retirement and a house where you're not paying an electric bill? They sign up that day, about a month later, they've got solar panels. It was great for a couple of months. We weren't covering all of our electric usage, but the bill was only like 60 bucks. It went from 400 to $60 a month, which was great. And that lasted for a couple months. And then we got a bill that was like 120 and then 200, and then we were back to paying 300 and something dollars a month.


The Panels ended up not generating anything close to 75% of the energy they used. And now on top of their electric bills, they had to pay for their solar panels every month too. Also, the company that had installed Christine and John's panels, they were not great at customer service. Like it was hard for them to even get anyone on the phone. We'll get back to you and then no one gets back to you. And it's the same little dance you do over and over again with them. So they send emails, they file a complaint with the state of Florida. At one point, Christine even tracks down the address where the company is registered, gets in her car and drives there. I guess I wanted make like, is it really a place like I need to see?


It was actually a physical place like I don't understand. It was. It was maddening. It really was. It was crazy. Turns out it was just some anonymous building. No signs, no nothing. That company ends up going outta business. New company takes over their service contract and soon there's a new shiny young salesman offering to make things right. This one's named Evan and Evan's. Like those panels you've got on your roof, they were actually outdated when you put them up and they were never going to give you as much power as that first guy said they would. But a set of newer solar panels will more than make up for it. The ones on your roof I can't get rid of. I have to keep paying for them. So I'm already halfway there.


It's like, it's You know. Go big or go home. At that point, Christine and John sign a 25 year lease for even more solar panels. And the same thing happened with the new panels. As with the old ones, their electricity bills were still really high. Like maybe they came down a little but nowhere near enough to offset what they were paying for their panels. Now I have a hundred thousand dollars in debt that I've gotta pay off for a house that was paid off and one is a lease. Not even like, I'm not even buying anything. And that's an 80 an an $80,000 lease. Like I don't know what the hell we're even thinking Because their electric bills stayed high.


Christine and John started to think maybe their new panels weren't ever even connected, right? So they refused to make their lease payments until they could get someone from the solar company to confirm that the panels were working right, which they say the company never did. Christine and John's solar panel experience has not been great. That hasn't provided us any kind of financial relief. It's done exactly the opposite. It's made our finances very difficult. Give Off my ask before I pull 'em off myself like I'm ready to go up there and pull 'em off myself. I'm not even kidding. Gimme a hammer. I'm done. I don't care. Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Keith Roamer and for this episode I'll be joined by Time Magazine's senior economics correspondent Alana Samuels.


Hi Alana. Hello Alana. We brought you in because you have been writing a lot about folks like Christine and John I have. So let's start with a sense of scale. 4.5 million households in the country have Rooftop solar and plenty of them are happy with it. They say their electricity bills have just about disappeared, and that's great for the planet, which will You know burn up and or flood if we don't hurry up and transition off fossil fuels. But the details of that transition matter and your reporting suggests that at least with solar panels, we may not be totally nailing it, Right? there is this corner of the residential solar market where tens or maybe even hundreds of thousands of people are really disappointed by what they've been sold.


It's more expensive than it should be, and customers say they can't get anyone to fix their panels when they break. So Alana, you are going to help us try to figure out how we got here, how this series of decisions made by policymakers and residential solar companies over the last 20 years has led to the mess Christine and John and all those other people are in. So today on the show, why this seemingly obvious good idea? Putting solar panels on people's homes sometimes turns out so badly.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly. Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it goes beyond basic grammar. To help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click, all without leaving the page they're on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to Grammarly dot com slash enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise ready ai.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lands and Outfitters. You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all clothing Lands End Outfitters creates apparel your employees truly want to wear. See why Lands End Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business dot LANs end.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business.lanzen.com/pod 20 code Pod 20.


Okay, so it is easy to look at what happened to Christine and John in Florida and say, You know they just got a bad deal. It happens. But Alana, your reporting suggests it didn't just happen by accident. No, exactly. Kind of everything about how it went down for them, the way they finance and lease their solar panels, the aggressiveness of the salesman who signed them up, even how bad their customer service experience has been. All of that actually ties back to how the residential solar business was built in the first place. One of the big companies that helped shape the industry in those early days was called Sunrun. We got in touch with one of its founders. My name is Nat Kramer. I've been a clean energy entrepreneur for nearly two decades.


Nat, we should say, does not work at Sunrun today, but let's just start with how customers tend to pay for Rooftop solar. Nat says the model for that was developed in the early two thousands when people in the business were trying to solve this pretty fundamental problem. So people get excited about the idea of solar, they get excited about the idea of clean energy, early adopters. That was definitely true. But you then say to them, you've gotta go invest 50, 40, whatever number of thousands of dollars. In other words, pay cash for a solar system. It's like saying pay cash for a car. And there just weren't that many customers ready to pay that kind of money for solar, Right?


You see this with a lot of new technologies. You have your early adopters and Then. you have to figure out how to pull in everyone else. Nat solution. Instead of asking homeowners to pay $50,000, his company would come to your house and put panels on your roof. You never had to buy anything. Nats company would own the panels. All you had to do was agree to buy the electricity those panels generated at some agreed upon price, which was likely to be lower than what you were paying your utility. This is called A-P-P-A-A Power purchase Agreement. Sunrun signed its first PPA in California in 2007, And actually that got featured in a story in USAT.


It has the picture of the homeowners standing on the roof and there are these redwood trees around, and you're up by Skyline Drive in California. So as Sunrun was selling PPAs another company, solar City, which was founded by Elon Musk's cousins, by the way, they were selling solar panel leases. The idea here was similar to nets. Consumers would get solar panels on their homes without paying all this money up front. Both PPAs and leases made it possible for a lot more people to make the switch. And as solar panels got cheaper and more efficient, a lot of people signed on to use solar to try to lower their electricity bills. You end up in the next 10 years with over a million homes going solar versus 40,000.


In the previous 40 years. We changed the solar industry. Christine and John in Florida. They financed their first set of panels and they got their second set with a 25 year lease. But while residential solar companies had solved one problem, how to grow their customer base, they had also kind of created the second one. All these people putting $50,000 solar systems on their roofs. They weren't shelling out a lot of cash up front, which meant that the sun runs and solar cities of the world needed a lot of capital to pay for all this. And so the industry made a big pivot. The companies started treating solar panels less like a consumer product and more like a financial one.


We innovated a bunch around financing, and this may all sound really esoteric, but why were we doing it is because we wanted to make solar the cheapest form of energy. And there were a couple other ways solar companies like Nats could make money besides You know, just installing solar panels. The first one was tax credits, Right? For almost two decades now, the US government has offered a 30% investment tax credit for some clean energy projects. So say a homeowner puts a $50,000 system on their roof, they could deduct $15,000 from their taxes. But remember Nats Company, Sunrun, they were the ones who owned the solar panels, not the homeowner.


So Nat was like, can we get that tax credit? We spent a half million dollars or more with tax lawyers and accountants effectively figuring it out. The answer it turned out was yes, Sunrun could claim that credit, but these solar tax credits only really helped if you had taxable income and Sunrun was not turning a profit. But what Nat figured out from all those lawyers is that you were allowed to partner with another company that did have a big tax bill to pay and could use those tax credits like say Google, who is making a lot of money and who wanted to do something good for the environment. And so that's what Nats company did. Google, we should say, is a sponsor of NPR, but this is kind of wild to me how these tax incentives that were initially designed to get regular homeowners to put solar panels on their houses ended up lowering tax bills for Google.


Yeah, welcome to America, Keith. Thank You. Okay, so tax credits, that's one additional way for these solar companies to make money. Another one is asset-backed securities. Good old asset-backed securities. Yeah, we all learned about those during the financial crisis. And the way they worked is that banks bundled together the income streams from lots of mortgages and then sold them as securities. So now solar companies did a version of the same thing. They bundled up the income streams from these solar panel leases, PPAs and loans, and they sold them to investors as securities. And that helped the big solar companies get some of the cash they needed upfront instead of having to watch it dribble in over 20 or 30 years.


Now, we have no way of knowing whether the companies that Christine and John from Florida worked with passed along the tax credits that would've come with their panel installation to another company or bundled their payments into an asset-backed security. But when you look at how little help they've gotten in terms of customer service over years of trying, it's not hard to get the sense that they are being treated less like valued customers and more like an income stream on some giant spreadsheet somewhere. And this is something I've heard from customers across the country, big solar companies pay them a lot of attention until they sign on the dotted line and then they don't do a great job with customer service after that. Now, there's another piece to this puzzle because all the tax credits and asset backed securities, they didn't get these solar companies all the money they needed to stay afloat this whole time.


They'd also been trying to raise money in more traditional ways. They issued stock, they took on debt. And to be attractive to investors, they had to make themselves into these fast growing companies. And Nat says this growth imperative might've led some folks in the industry to cut a few corners. You did have some corporate leaders who wanted to look the other way, and it was all about volume for them. Volume as in doing everything they could to convince as many people as possible to buy solar, which meant deploying salespeople, lots and lots of salespeople. Yeah, my name is Waled Halte. Waled was not one of the salesmen who came to Christine and John's house, but his story really captures how the sales part of all this contributes to the problems some people are having.


So Waleed gets into solar about a decade ago. Back then, he is gonna college in Massachusetts. He has a minimum wage job, busing tables, and he hears about one of his friends who is making way more money than he is. Someone I knew was making like 20, $30,000 a month selling solar. And I'm like, if this dude can make that much money selling solar, there's no way I can't also do that. If not double triple that. So while leaded signs up and he goes to this bootcamp where all the secrets of solar sales are revealed to him, When you go knock a door, there's a certain distance you wanna stay away. So you don't come off as invasive to the homeowner. You wanna stand sideways. It's less confrontational.


You wanna ask questions that are gonna be sort of yes answers to the more like the more they say yes, the more likely they are to keep saying it. You know these little tactical things that do truly work. Office culture features a lot of young dudes, a lot of big talk. Everyone's gonna be a millionaire, everyone's gonna make six figures. you know, we're saving the world at the same time. This is it. This is what I've been waiting my whole life for. Do you know how well other people are doing? Yeah, there's a public leaderboard. You know, you're almost like an athlete that's competing against others. Wa lead it turns out, is good at that competition. Like really good. So good that he drops outta school and according to him, he makes a lot of money fast.


Third month in, I think I did like 14 installations and it was like 20 to $25,000 In one month. Yeah, in one month. I'm like, holy smokes. There's no way. And it's not just one Waleed out there knocking on doors and using these tactics. It's thousands of waleeds because these solar companies need to grow and grow and grow. They are willing to do whatever it takes to keep their best salespeople cranking. I remember a leadership confidence that Solar City hosted, and they sent us all to Vegas, all expenses included. And, you know, you are with other top performers that were like, yeah, like we're crushing and making all this money.


You know, picture some motivational speaker stalking back and forth, firing everyone up, getting them to chant in unison. So you do, everyone would say, I'm alive, I'm alert, and I feel great. I'm alive, I'm alert. And everyone would scream and chant that. And Can we all do the I'm alive, I'm alert and I feel great chant. Yeah, Make sure you feel it though. Make sure you don't just say it to say it. Get your body. Get your body in it. Let's go. 1, 2, 3. I'm alive. I'm, I feel great. I'm alive. Alive. I Feel great. I feel great. I'm Oh, I did it too many times. It is easy to understand why the sales bros felt so great, because they got a lot of latitude from the companies they worked for.


Walid says, on each sale a salesperson would get a floor for how much they have to charge a new customer. you know, maybe $3,000 per kilowatt the solar panels could generate. But if the salesperson could get a new customer to pay 4,000 or 5,000 or $8,000 per kilowatt, they got to pocket the difference. You could sell it for as high as you'd like, as high as the the homeowner would say yes to, And you would just get more and more money. The higher the price you charge them. That's right. It's almost as if you know you got a $20,000 car and this You know the dealer. The dealership can sell it at $40,000 if they want.


What this means is that people like Waleed can earn huge commissions, but homeowners like Christine and John end up paying more than they should. So in addition to the customer service problem, there's also this middleman problem. Is it a good system? Definitely not. No. Walid makes a lot of money selling solar panels and managing people who sell solar panels. But as he hears more stories about customers who feel stuck in bad deals, he's like, the industry cannot keep going like this. You didn't have to be a genius to figure out like there's no way this is going to continue. You can't be making this much money You know and selling it at this high of a price and have this much of an unhappy customer experience.


So he quits, but he doesn't get outta solar altogether these days. While lead runs a tech company called Mona Lee, it's designed to let homeowners get solar with no salespeople. After the break, we try to figure out exactly how viable the residential solar business is for the businesses themselves and what that means for all the customers like Christine and John, who are locked into a long-term relationship with that industry.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill, whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Try at BetterHelp dot com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or A belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Granger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done,


This message comes from oea. Their limited edition Super Glow body set is the perfect gift. It includes three of OEA a's bestselling body care products. So luxurious, you'll wanna get one for yourself too. Give the gift of Glow with clean clinically tested skincare from oea. Get the super glow body set, valued at $106 for $72 plus an additional 10% off when you use code holiday@oseeamalibu.com.


Alana, you have been reporting on the problems in the solar industry for Time Magazine for the last year or so. You got into this because you had your own problems with solar panels, right? Yeah. So I bought a house with solar panels already installed, and when they didn't work, I also ran into customer service problems trying to get them fixed. So I started looking into why so many companies seem to be so bad at dealing with customers problems, Right? And that is what we are going to turn to next. Kind of whether the residential solar industry is even going to be able to survive using the business model we've been talking about. So for that, we are going to Paul Ano, I'm a senior analyst at Bloomberg nef, the Clean Energy Research Division.


When Paul started there in 2020, his predecessor left him everything he had written about residential solar. He labeled the US residential solar industry as I think I believe it was called the Residential Solar Death Spiral. And then as I read those reports, basically day one in the office, I realized how broken the system is and how broken the industry is. Paul says the basic problem is that imperative to grow. We talked about before, that has not gone away. Running a national solar business still requires bringing a lot of capital in the door. And to keep attracting investor money, the solar companies have to keep expanding their customer base.


As you scale that business, as you try to get the additional customer, you're essentially spending more money in getting that new customer then like the profits that you're making overall as a company. And Paul says, these companies have ended up really far away from the nuts and bolts of installing solar systems. Your company is not a solar company. Your company is essentially a sales and a financial engineering company that just happens to install solar panels. And like we mentioned before, that can have a huge impact on how much customers end up paying. So am I correct in understanding if there wasn't so much sales and marketing, solar could be a lot less expensive in the us?


Yeah, that's that's exactly right. In a country like Germany where energy costs are really high and people are motivated to get solar panels without being pestered by salespeople, customers pay half or A third of what they do here. Another thing about Germany, most of the installers are local. They don't spend a lot on marketing. Instead they get customers based on their reputations. So better customer service and because of fewer middlemen, better prices, we should say that the same thing is true in the us There are plenty of successful smaller local companies who haven't run into these problems of trying to scale. But when Paul looks at the landscape for big national residential solar companies in the us he's not super optimistic.


So, so what happens to the big companies that have scaled like Sunrun and Sunnova? Where do you, where do you see them going? Well, I, I gotta be careful with how I answer that question because as an analyst, I cannot say anything that makes any inference in public and whether I think a company is gonna fail or not. What I can say is that the big national listed solar installers have barely made any profit, if any, if anything, or since their existence Blink twice. If you think Sonova's gonna go bankrupt, you don't have to say anything.


I have never seen someone go, so still as when I asked Paul that question, not a muscle on his face moved, which to be clear means officially no comment. But we can say this. The share prices of Sunnova and Sunrun, two of the biggest residential solar companies in the us, they are down about 85% from their peak and a lot of other solar companies have gone bankrupt. Paul says, all this dysfunction kind of can't help trickling down to customers. The way residential solar systems are being sold in the US today is fundamentally broken. and it is really easy for many of those sales to result in, let's not call it a scam, but not meeting expectations.


Paul estimates that 5% of customers could be getting a bad deal. That's more than 200,000 households who are either not saving as much money as they were promised or who are stuck with systems that don't work. And lots of other folks are paying more than they would've if the industry was set up better. Two of those unhappy customers are Christine and John, the couple from Florida. They are still paying off their first set of pretty worthless solar panels, but they're taking a different approach with Sunnova, the company that leased them. The second set, I paid the first people 'cause You know whatever, that's 200 and something dollars a month, but I haven't paid Sunnova a dime. I think the last I was trying to find the last invoice was like 17 or $1,800 and I've given them nothing.


A spokesman from Sunnova told me this morning that actually the panels were turned on for four months and then Sunnova switched them off because Christine and John were not making their payments, which came as a surprise to Christine and John who say they hadn't known whether the panels were ever switched on in the first place. And when I looked over their old electric bills, you could see that yes, for the four months the panels were on, they had used about half as much electricity from their power company as the previous year. But they had been promised these new panels would replace all of their power. And if nothing else, not sharing this information about turning them on, turning them off until some reporter from NPR asks you is probably not a sign of great customer service.


In a written statement, Sunova told us, quote, our current customer complaint rate stands at just 2%, and that they have made many customer service investments to better serve our growing customer base. Christine is clearly done with all of this, but John, there's still this part of him that can imagine this all working out, the panels getting fixed, their electricity bills dropping to basically zero. Look, the idea is still sound, I believe in renewable energy. I think that at some point every house is gonna have solar panels. They're gonna have to, They're all a bunch of crooks. I'm sorry. They're all a bunch of crs. Okay, I'm, those are Not mutually exclusive statements.


According to the lease agreement they signed with Sunnova, their only recourse is to file for arbitration and hope they get a ruling that goes their way. Christine and John just got their latest bill from the Power company. It was for $382. Pretty much the exact same thing they were paying before they ever got solar panels in the first place. Once again, if you are willing to take our survey, we would really appreciate it. It is short anonymous. You can find it at npr.org/p survey, all one word. It'll take you less than 10 minutes and you'll be doing all of us At, Planet, Money a huge favor by filling it out.


Again, if you are somebody who has not taken one of our surveys before, or you are a new listener, we especially want to hear from you. That is npr.org/p survey. Thanks. If you want to hear more about all of this residential solar stuff, check out Alana's series on residential solar in Time Magazine. Today's episode was produced by Emma Peasley. It was edited by Jenny Laton, who is fact checked by Sierra Juarez and engineered by Valentina Rodriguez Sanchez. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. I'm Keith Roamer. I'm Alana Samuels. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from s and p Global s and p Global has private companies covered. Whether you're looking for your next investment or m and a target performing peer comparables, assessing counterparty, credit risk, or monitoring your supply chain s and p Capital IQ Pros, extensive private company data can give you the insights you need to gain a competitive edge. Learn how you can dive into the companies that matter most to you at s and p global.com/private company data.