
This message comes from NPR sponsor Ultra Software by UL Solutions. Ultra Software helps companies drive innovation, meet regulatory requirements, and get safer, sustainable products to market. Learn more@ultrus.com slash NPR.


This Is Planet Money from NPR. Welcome back everyone to Planet Money Summer School Economic history of the world. We've spent a lot of this semester talking about capitalism gone wrong, the panics and the busts, the schemes, and the cons. So today we are gonna visit a time period where capitalism did some amazing things and will ask how can governments harness the free market to make their countries richer? This is lesson number six, the Asian Miracle. I'm Robert Smith In, the middle of the twentieth century. China and its neighbors in East. Asia were poor, mostly rural economies.


China had been wrecked by a brutal civil war. Taiwan had become the home of people fleeing from that conflict. Japan and Korea were rebuilding after wars of their own And. then in the later half of the twentieth century, they started their comeback. Today we wanted to focus specifically on China and Taiwan during this time when they showed a burst of economic progress rarely seen on this globe. Our Summer School professor today is an expert in the Asian economies. He was born in Taiwan and grew up in South America from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago, Chang Tia. Hi. Great to be here. It's hard to get your head around how quickly the countries in East Asia changed.


So in China, for instance, in the year 1960, millions of people died of starvation under Maung, and now it's the second largest economy in the world, and other countries in the region saw the same sort of remarkable growth. Can you give me a sense of how big a deal this is? I think it's clear that it's been an incredible transformation. Where most of these countries were in the 1950s and the 1960s is that there were mostly poor agrarian societies. It it's a miracle in, in almost all senses of the word, dramatic, societal, political, and economic transformation. Just within a generation, Is there a unifying sense of like one thing they all had going for them, They all had their backs against the wall.


There's this sense that they either gotta do something or else they were going to go to hell. They weren't gonna be able to survive as a society. On today's show, we will have two stories, one from China and one from Taiwan about how places with their backs against the wall can figure out how to become rich. And after each story, we'll have our professor show us the big lessons in how a government can help or hurt a fragile economy. First up, a secret document signed by starving farmers shows an entire nation the way forward after the break.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it goes beyond basic grammar to help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click. All without leaving the page there on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to Grammarly dot com slash enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise ready ai.


12 years ago, Planet Money went on a reporting trip to China to do a bunch of episodes, and this one is my favorite. It really shows the radical changes China had to go through to get to where it is today. David Kestenbaum and Jacob Goldstein took one of China's famed bullet trains and they traveled out to the rural countryside. They had heard a story about something that happened in a small village in 1978 that transformed China. I'll let David and Jacob take it from here. The village is called Ong and we went there. It's very nice to meet you. Thank you for talking to us. Oh no, there's no, it's no trouble.


Thank you for coming. This is Y Chow. And by the way, none of the people we talk to in Ong spoke English. So what you're hearing here is a translation. Yin Jin Cha. He's one of the people who started China on this path to bullet trains. And one of the really fun things about reporting on China's economy is well, so if you're in the US and you wanna talk to one of the founding fathers of the US economy, you wanna talk to Alexander Hamilton, you're outta luck. He's been dead for hundreds of years, but in China, a lot of these key people, they're still around. Yin Cha is not an economist, he's not a politician. He runs a small restaurant in XO Gong. 30 years ago when all this happened, he was a farmer.


Yin cha opens a big metal gate behind his restaurant and he takes us out to the fields where he used to farm. Back in 1978, everyone here worked on a collective farm. Look, you can grow things in winter. Tonga just died and it was still basically the height of communism in China. And on our visit to this village, we actually spent a long time just trying to figure out how the system worked on a communist farm. The basic idea was that people would work together for the common good. And in this world, as Yin Chow explains it, nobody owns anything. I used oxen to farm, but they weren't mine. They belonged to the group.


Back then, even a piece of straw belonged to the group. Individuals didn't own anything. At one meeting with communist party officials, one farmer asked, what about the teeth in my head? Do I own those? No was the answer. Your teeth belong to the collective. Everything in this world was centrally planned. The farmers were told what to plant by a communist party official from outside the village. And sometimes they were told to grow rice even if they didn't have enough water to properly grow. Rice. Yin Chao says, back in this era, every morning a whistle would blow to mark the start of the workday. Sometimes the guy blowing it would have to blow it twice. The farmers would drag themselves outta their huts and go to work on the fields. At the end of the day, the whistle would blow again and everyone would stop.


You'd get points for working all day, but it didn't matter how much or how hard you worked, you just had to show up. Even if you had decided to go out early and pull weeds or something, it wouldn't make a difference for you. Work Hard, don't work hard. Everyone gets the same so people don't want to work. And after the harvest, the government collects what everyone has grown and gives the village an allotment of food. But in the case of Zia go, the allotment was never enough. So they were hungry all the time. Their kids never had enough to eat. And Yin Chow and the others, Zia go Farmers, they had to walk to other villages and beg for food. We Were farmers.


We were supposed to produce food to beg for food was not honorable. We felt very ashamed. It was hard to knock on doors and beg for food. My face was burning. This is the way things were all over China. This is basically the way the entire economy was set up. So the farmers in Ang were starving and they needed to do something. One farmer in particular was pushing for a change. His name Yen Hun Chong. We tracked down Hun Ch as well. And we talked to him in this open garage attached to his house. There were sacks of grain piled up along the walls. He smoked cigarettes the whole time. It was this really cold, rainy day.


And he told us that out of desperation, the farmers came up with an idea. But the idea they had was so dangerous. They had to call a secret meeting to discuss it That Day. It was about five in the afternoon we met at home. This was a secret meeting. We s not in one by one. There were 18 farmers crowded into this small room. Y was there, were there, were there enough chairs for all of you? There Were no chairs back then. How could there be chairs?


Some of us crouched, some sat on the floor. There were some little tiny stool, but we had no chairs back then. Says everybody there was afraid to talk. So finally he spoke Up Johnson You know Unified, you get them. I said, everyone is here and knows what this is about. And everyone knew, but no one there to speak. So I spoke up. I said, we are all here because we have to find a way to save ourselves, To save themselves. They have an idea that is both revolutionary and as old as dirt.


Rather than farm as a collective, each family gets to farm its own plot of land. And if a family grows a lot of food, that family gets to keep some of that food. You own what you grow. But owning in communist China in 1978, that's something like treason. I was scared, but if you were too scared, you wouldn't be able to do it and that wouldn't work. So in this little dirt floored room, by the light of a broken down oil lamp, these farmers are talking about this idea the the older farmers who remembered the days before communism when they could farm their own land, they said, we have to try this.


But a lot of the guys in the room, they were really scared. Most People said, yes, we want to do it, But To others who said, I don't think this will work. This is like high voltage wire. Back then farmers had never seen electricity, but they had heard about it. They knew if you touched it you would die. But they decide they have to do this. The alternative is to continue begging and going hungry. They decide they need to write this down, write down a contract laying out how this is gonna work, and put their names on it so they're all bound to it so no one can go back on it. Do you remember the exact words that you wrote?


What I wrote in myself of Course. I remember. Can you tell it to us? We will divide up the farmland between the families. Each family will give a share of the crop to the government and the collective at the end of the year, if we are put in prison or executed, we will not complain. They are in a sense, the first capitalist of modern China. Their livelihood is in their own hands. If it works, they'll have enough to eat. If they get discovered they could be killed. But one by one, the farmers come forward to sign onto the contract.


They realize they need to hide this thing. And eventually Hun Chong winds up slipping it inside a piece of bamboo in the roof of his house. Yin chow remembers the first day he went out to farm after they signed the contract. It just felt different. I felt, I felt comfortable in my heart, energized. I could. I could really show off my abilities. Did you work harder than before Of Course? I work harder. We all did because whatever I produced was mine. If you didn't work hard, that's your loss.


And we all secretly competed. Everyone wanted to produce more than the next person that got people working hard. It's amazing to think this is the same land. They have the same tools, it's the same farmers. But just by changing the economic rules, just by saying you get to keep some of what you grow, everything changes. Ah, we started to work before the sun came up and we worked until it was dark. This working all the time thing actually gets them into trouble. Yin Chao says the neighbors noticed it and they started to suspect something funny was going on. Why were these crazy farmers going out to work before the whistle blew before Dawn?


And why were they working so late? And at harvest time there was an even bigger problem. It was impossible to hide. They had an enormous harvest. It was more food according to Yan h Chang, than they had grown in the previous five years Combined. It was both exciting and terrifying. Eventually, word of what's happening in Xiao go makes it up the chain of command through the Communist party to the very top to den Xiaoping, the guy basically running China at this time. Den Xiaoping is one of the pro reform guys at this moment. He's poised to become the key reformer who creates China's modern economy. Den Xiaoping has been wanting to change the way farming works in China, and he likes what's happening in Gel Gong.


But this is still communist China. It's just two years after the death of Mao. And lots of people are opposed to what's going on in Gel Gong. So den can't say anything bad about Mao or collective farming. DE's big picture idea is let's not worry about whether something is capitalist or communist or socialists. Let's worry about whether it works. There's this famous quote that's attributed to D that David we actually heard all the time when we were in China. It's, it doesn't matter if a cat is white or black, as long as it catches mice, it's a good cat. Dng Jang doesn't stand up in public and give these Jiao gong farmers medals. He's quieter about it. He decides to have these two writers tell the story. He calls them in and says, I support this. You guys should go tell the J Gong story to the rest of China.


And pretty soon people all over China are farming. Like the people in J Go, farmers own what they grow. The government starts trying out other economic experiments. Factories spring up in cities along the coast. China lets foreign companies in Coca-Cola opens a plant in Beijing and China's economy grows like crazy. And this crazy economic growth, it has gone on and on for more than 30 years now since the farmers in Y Gong signed that contract. Something like 500 million people in China have risen out of poverty. They moved from mud huts with dirt floors and oil lamps to houses with electricity. When you ask about what happened in that hut in 1978, everybody agrees. Everybody tells the same story.


But when you ask about what has happened in Ong since then, Yan Chong and the party officials, they tell two very different stories. The official version is that everything in town is great. New factories are springing up. There are lots of jobs. Zong is living happily ever after. Yan Chong says he's had a different experience. He says he started a few businesses over the years, but once they became profitable, the government took them away from him. He also says those new factories springing up around town, a lot of them are just empty. Local officials say none of this is true. The tension you hear though, really throughout the XO gong story between free enterprise and state control. That is everywhere in China today. The government has let go of some parts of the economy, but it's holding on tightly to other parts.


David Kestenbaum and Jacob Goldstein from a Planet Money episode from 2012. We're bringing back in our Summer School Professor Chang Tia to talk about how we got from that document signed by farmers to the complicated Chinese economy we have today. Hey professor, Nice to be here. So as we heard in the story in the 1980s, the Chinese government relaxed a lot of the controls they had over the economy, not just the collective farming. They got rid of price controls, allowed some businesses to compete, but how were they trying to balance government controls and economic freedoms? What was the theory here? Maybe the best way to describe how they were going about this process is as famous saying by Deng Xin, which is they were trying to cross the river by touching the stones.


They didn't have an overarching theory or any grand plan of how they were gonna cross the river. They were just gonna go step by step. You know, trying to find a way to get out of the desperate economic situation that they were in. The ideology will kick in later. I know a lot of the liberalization of the economy came to a halt after 1989. That's when we saw the protests in Tiananmen Square and the government crackdown. What starts to happen to the new business freedoms that we heard about in the story? What we start to see in a couple years after that was this beginning of, of what I'm gonna call this new economic model.


It was the strengthening of the control of the party and then some local leaders, some local party organizations that realized that, hey, I, I can do something with this power. And what they meant by doing something is that they can make these deals with local entrepreneurs in which they say, we work together, I'm going to smooth the path for you and we can do business together. So this became the model. It's almost like the economic model of a mafia boss in which you are always gonna need the mafia boss, but the mafia boss is on your side. And what we saw in China in the 20 years after nine, after 1989, is that You know the ma boss was so incredibly powerful, was so entrepreneurial, and was so effective that this is when we saw sort of the blossoming of the private sector in China, the growth of these enormous big Chinese private firms.


And this is at the local level helped by local party officials. But then at the national level, we start to see something else, right? Something economists call industrial policy. What is industrial policy? I define industrial policy as being the government deciding what are the industries it wants to invest in and subsidizing whatever area they choose. In the 2000, China's official industrial policy was called the 16 Strategic and industrial Policy. What they did was that they basically announced that 16 industries, these are things like steel, aluminum cars that only certain state offers would be allowed to, to produce in these strategic industries.


So this was Chinese industrial policy. This was a state deciding what were the industries that China was gonna dominate in and and who was gonna be allowed and who was not going to be allowed. So still this mix of tight government controls in some areas, some economic freedom in other areas stone by stone. I guess we'll hear more from our professor after our second story about Taiwan and a different model of how a government can encourage economic growth. And I should note that Professor Shia and I talked much more about how the current leadership in China is trying to reestablish tighter control over their economy. That's a bonus episode in Planet Money.


Plus sign up@plusdonpr.org after the break. How Taiwan went from a rural economy to making the semiconductor in the device you're probably listening to right now.


This message comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from sun and ski sports. Soccer at six. Volleyball at seven. Parent life from Stanley cups to bog bags. Sun and ski carries the gear. Parents need gear up and relax. Sun and ski sports where parenthood meets game day,


We're back putting the world into economic history of the world. In the second half of our lesson, we are going to hear another approach to growing an economy. Taiwan is about a hundred miles off the coast of mainland China and they face some of the same struggles, but without the Communist party, it picked a different form of industrial policy to make itself into a technological superpower. You probably already know that Taiwan is the center of innovation in manufacturing semiconductors, companies like TSMC, but this wasn't an accident. It was the dream of one man in Taiwan. KT Lee in 2022, Kenny Malone and Rom Arab Bluey from NPR R'S through line podcast told us the story of how Lee lured industry.


And specifically in the story one business genius back to Taiwan from the United States. KT Lee was an economics minister and then finance minister, and then basically minister at large in Taiwan. And in 1979 he oversaw the very funky and cool name task, force of stag, AKA, the science and technology advisory group. And so Taiwan guided by KT Lee and his colleagues poured money into building up the research and development at Taiwan's universities. They set up national laboratories that would share discoveries with the private tech sector. Taiwan hoped to develop. And this is when KT Lee rolls up his sleeves.


He started crossing over the Pacific to try and convince Taiwan's tech talent to come back, Bringing these people from Taiwan together and saying, look, if you come back, you know we will supply you with laboratories. We'll supply you with all of the infrastructure that you need. This is Tom Gold, a professor of sociology at uc, Berkeley, author of a book called State and Society in the Taiwan Miracle. We'll supply you with with engineers, we'll find loans, we'll invest with you and we won't make political demands on you. In short, KTE Lee was pulling out all the stops and trying to lure talent back home. At that time I was about 40 years old.


Talent like Minu So, we already in California for 12 years. What is the name of that company and what are you doing Called Microns Inc. Macros Inc. And the way Min describes it, he sounds like the Willy Wonka of semiconductors. Like the company was playing with semiconductors and inventing all kinds of wild uses for this new technology. Everything from using them to store information to one product that I definitely remember hearing about as a kid. One product we know we call key finder. Do You know the key finder? Yeah. If you are key loss You know you can whistle and then that device responds with the, with the beep You know where they are.


You invented the key finder. Yeah, Well we are part of it. We are making a lots of money on that. These inventions. It's not like Min's company was inventing them and then selling them directly to customers. Macron's would mostly do research and develop technology and then lysis their inventions to bigger companies with the real power places with access to huge scale and enormous factories. And that is what Min wanted. Min wanted macros to have its own factories to make its own semiconductor products. And he was hearing that maybe the place to build that kind of company was back in Taiwan. You know, I'm from Taiwan, so I have many alumni and friends in this field.


So you have your, you have your, your little birdies whispering to you saying, saying Minh, yes, there's some stuff going on back here. Some interesting things are happening back in Taiwan. So I, I think there's opportunity there. Minh never personally met KT Lee, but Minh was exactly the kind of person Lee was trying to lure back to Taiwan. But Minh wasn't gonna be able to do this alone. Eventually he starts meeting with other Taiwanese engineers like himself who'd left Taiwan for the United States, and now he was gonna try and convince them to leave their jobs in the US and come back to Taiwan with him. Minh was making the case that in the US they're never gonna see you as a boss or A manager or A, CEO.


You know, I recruit several people I know. So that was a reverse brain drain. Yeah. How many, how many brains did you drain from the US when you went back? Like how many people did you bring with in In a couple years actually 40, 40, 44, 0, 40. Whoa. All these engineers moving home, the KT Lee plan was ramping up and the stakes were much bigger than just economics. If Taiwan could transform into Asia's Silicon Valley, then it would become indispensable to the world. The Taiwan miracle is indeed what people now call the extraordinarily fast shift in Taiwan's economy from growing things to making things to making high tech things.


But it's important to note that, that even that miracle didn't include making semiconductors right away. In the 1980s, Minu was on a mission to come home and open one of the earliest semiconductor factories on the island. And sure, maybe Taiwan was more friendly to the kind of long-term expensive business that Min wanted to build, but he was still gonna need money, lots of money. Well, that at that time only raised about 800 million anti dollars. And that means it's only 30 billion US dollar, Only 30 million US dollars. Min needed even more than that.


And to get it, he would have to pull off a kind of like business trick shot. One of the most joyous global trade schemes we have ever heard of. A Little bit of background here. By the late seventies, early eighties, semiconductors memory chips in particular were becoming super important. And the world's leader was not in Taiwan, it wasn't in the US either. It was Japan. Japan was in fact so good at certain kinds of semiconductors that the US government had started complaining about Japanese semiconductors flooding the US and world markets. But after pressure from US businesses and a tense negotiation, the Japanese eventually agreed to open up its local microchip market to US companies, specifically Japan agreed that 20% of semiconductors they used would come from the us.


Minu caught wind of this and thought this might be the break he needed. And specifically Min knew exactly the right Japanese company to go after. This boy is doing more than just playing a video game. He has entered another world. Ah, yeah, Nintendo. Nintendo is, well, almost the most fun a kid can have. Yeah, sure. Anyway, we're talking about the, the original eight bit and 16 bit systems here. The ones where you You know you had to blow on the cartridge and then maybe that seemed to make them work. It may be the most addictive toy in history. In just three years, they've sold more than 11 million hardware units at about a hundred bucks each.


In the late 1980s and early nineties, Nintendo was exploding in popularity. And like any other computer system, it needed semiconductors. And what Min realized was that Nintendo was probably gonna want a lot of American made semiconductors because of that new 20% trade agreement. If Min could somehow land that contract, maybe that would be enough money to fund his dream of building like a proper semiconductor factory. But it was gonna take an epic scheme to land that deal. Okay. Problem number one, Minh was in the process of leaving the US and setting up shop in Taiwan. Nintendo did not need a Taiwanese company, But Min thought he did, found a US company, MCCs Inc.


The place that made the key whistling stuff. And so he goes to Nintendo and says, look, we're MCCs. Sure I'm in Taiwan now, but it's a US company that I founded, So I'm the only one, so they have to buy from Me. And Nintendo apparently says like, oh, okay, we're interested. Let's get some of these semiconductors then now of Course. This is problem number two. Minh does not have a semiconductor factory yet. That is what he's been trying to get money to build and they take a long time to build. So whose semiconductors actually ended up in the Nintendos that were then shipping to the United States At that time? The the biggest company called Samsung.


Oh, they're Samsungs. We are buying Samsung and it to them. Okay. Min was buying South Korean Samsung semiconductors through a US based version of his company in order to sell them to a Japanese company. And the whole scheme was a way to fund his real dream of building his own semiconductor factory in Taiwan. So this loophole on the 20%, this deal that cut with the us, that was your opportunity. Yes, precisely Min. That is genius. And if you think about what was really happening, like the global forces of it, you have these three global superpowers.


China feuding with the US who was feuding with Japan. Min realized that when these titans fight, there are ways to take advantage of that. Almost like a video game. Min was this clever Sprite running circles around these giant bosses. And at that point, is Nintendo your biggest client? Yes. Still. Still. Wow. Even today, still number one. I got, I got one of these guys here. Do you recognize this here, Nintendo? Yes. This is a switch. This is a switch. So this is the, this is the best video game ever made. And you're telling me one of your semiconductors is inside the best video game ever made. Or maybe two and another one could be controller and both from me.


Amazing. It is the full realization of KT Lee's vision to rapidly evolve Taiwan's economy. And it's the reason why he is known as the godfather of tech in Taiwan. He planted these like seeds, these policies and and then tended to this idea and it's now grown up. We talked about how Japan used to be the world's semiconductor leader. I mean they used to make half of the world's semiconductors, but now they're trying to catch up with Taiwan. Frankly, the US is too, because today almost all of the world advanced semiconductors come from Taiwan. Min's company has now grown into a roughly $60 billion company by market cap.


And you can tell, like if you ask him about any of this bigger stuff, China, the us, Taiwan Minh has gotten very good at not saying anything at All. Are you worried about what that success is gonna do in terms of Taiwan's position and safety as it's stuck between You know China and the us? Obviously both Having interest there. What is good to me, what is good to me to worry about that I'm a scientist. I'm the businessman. All I want to do is to create the best solution for the world Rom Arab Bluey and Kenny Malone from a 2022 episode of Planet Money.


After the break, we'll bring back our professor to tell us the secrets of East Asian success. How to get rich quick as a nation coming up.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls. And being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Try at BetterHelp dot com slash NPR today to get 10% off your first month.


Joe Biden's on his way out. Donald Trump's on his way back, wanna know what's happening as the presidential transition is underway. The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with the latest news and analysis. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


Okay, class phones down, eyes forward, or I guess ears forward. You know what I mean. Anyway, Summer School is back in session. We have Professor Shia back with us. And let's just start big. How did the East Asian economies become very rich? Very quickly. We told stories today of China and Taiwan, but we saw the same rapid development in South Korea and Japan and Singapore. I know you've talked in the past about three things that East Asia had to help them succeed. So go Number one. I think you see this, all the examples, is that there's gotta be some sense of urgency, some sense of hunger, some sense that you're willing to do whatever it takes in order to make it work.


And this is what you saw in You. know all of these places, the ones that have been successful, they all had this philosophy, had the hodes adjust around the corner, and we've gotta out hustle them. So principle number one, you need a sense of urgency. What else does a country need in order to act on that urgency? The second thing that they need is that they need to have a mechanism of accountability. They need to have a mechanism of competition by which I mean. Yes, you have thousands of people trying to put forward their ideas. Invariably, it turns out that only some of these ideas are good ones and most of these ideas are bad ones. So a government needs to not just pick individual companies as winners, but it needs to encourage those companies to compete in some way.


So I know in South Korea, for instance, the government gave a lot of subsidies to young companies. But, then it required them to export their goods in the world market. It required them to compete with the US and Europe. Exactly. And if they were not successful in competing in the world markets, the subsidies were gone. And the idea of using the export market is that would be the test, right? That that is, that is, you could gain the domestic market because you have political power at home, but you have no political power in the American market. And it would be American consumers that would decide whether what you did was worth their while or not. So, We have urgency, we have a sense of competition.


What is the third thing? East Asia can teach us about growing an economy? Successful companies need to have a way in order to scale. That is you need to have a way to grow from this small startup to become this multi-billion dollar company. What do you need for for that to happen? You always need resources for that to happen. You need money, you need talent. In the case of China, a lot of what these companies needed were licenses, right? Which is what was one of the things that was facilitated to them by Chinese local governments. So in the case of Taiwan, they brought back talent from abroad. They invested money in research institutes and in this new Silicon Valley.


But the key is Taiwan supported a lot of different companies. They provided the infrastructure for them to grow. They didn't just pick one and it let those companies compete over who could make the best semiconductor. Again, I just gonna say that it's, it's, it's an easy thing not to think about, but you cannot forget the importance of the market. There are some cases where you do need the government to step in, but the accountability of the market is crucial to make it work. Professor Chang Tia teaches economics at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. Thank you so much for being our professor today. Thank you for having me on. It's been fun. Here at Summer School, we like to leave you with some big principles you can take out with you into the world.


We heard in the first story the economic concept of self-interest. The Chinese farmers worked harder when they received the benefits of their work. Adam Smith wrote that Self-interest is the motivator of economic activity. We also heard about industrial policy. That's when a government decides which industries and which companies are going to receive government support. This can be helpful for a growing economy, but some economists think that it can also prop up bad businesses. And of Course, we have the three lessons that worked for East Asia, at least according to our professor. They had a sense of urgency to change. They had resources that allowed companies to scale. And number three, even though companies got government support, they had to compete, they had to sink or swim in the marketplace.


If your hand hurts from writing all this down, there is an easier way. Our Planet Money TikTok team is taking the lessons from this year's Summer School and making them even more entertaining than I am. They have caveman talking about the origins of money and a robot teacher explaining workers' rights. You have to see it to believe it. And don't forget to check out Planet Money. Plus, we already have an extended interview up with Professor Shia about how current day China might be endangering their own economic success. Audrey Dilling produces Planet Money. Summer School. Devin Miller is our project manager, Sophia Shukah. Fact check this episode. And Alex Goldmark is our editor and executive producer. Our engineer today is James Willetts.


I'm Robert Smith. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's flex path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Support for the following message. come from LinkedIn ads. With LinkedIn ads. you can reach professionals relevant to your business, Target them by job title, industry, company, and more by launching your next campaign with a free $100 ad credit at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.