
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Humana employees are the heartbeat of your business. That's why Humana offers group dental, vision, life, and disability plans designed to protect them. Exceptional service, broad networks and modern benefits. That's the power of human care air.


This is Planet Money from NPR. Asher Spear is preparing for the biggest job interview of his life and he's feeling pretty nervous about it. There are potentially dozens of other qualified candidates in the running, and Asher hasn't had a job in a very long time. How long have you been unemployed? 11 years. And Why Is that? I'm a child. I can't have a job. Yeah. We should mention Asher hasn't worked for 11 years because he is in fact, only 11 years old. I mean I can do stuff like mowing people's lawns and stuff, but these dang laws prevent me from a real paying job. Dang you Child labor laws.


Dang you. Asher cannot wait to get his first W2. So this summer when he and his parents were looking into potential fun camps, they decided to send him to a place where he can pretend to join the workforce. Where in the world are we right Now? The the very nice, beautiful BizTown We are at Ja BizTown summer camp. They happen all over the country. This one's in Portland Oregon. What Does it look like in Here? Slight chaos. I mean there's about 80, 90 kids. So This is not the kind of camp where you go canoeing or hop on a horse. We did not see a child make a single friendship bracelet. No, no. Ja BizTown is a camp where kids between 10 and 14 years old learn to fill out paperwork or open a checking account.


Let's talk about debit cards. They learn how to track their personal spending. Should you give your pin to anybody? No. Totally, definitely not. And how to calculate the interest on a loan. Anyone know what an Excel spreadsheet is? Yeah, it's a, it's a spreadsheet that adults use for lots of things. In a lot of ways, BizTown is about giving kids a glimpse into adulthood. All of these lessons lead up to the centerpiece of camp. A day long simulated economy inside of a fake little town. BizTown And BizTown runs on child labor.


The kids there take on jobs. They can be a CEO or A Chief Financial Officer, or A Regular Worker Bee. One of the most coveted jobs is Anchor at the fake TV station, bz tv. A lot of people also wanna run for mayor. As for Asher Spear, I'm very much hoping that I get CEO of United. So Key Bank, Asher is looking to be at the center of the financial action. He wants to be the CEO at one of the two banks that fueled this whole miniature economy. Technically one's a bank and one's a credit union. Why do you want Unite Us or A Key Bank? 'cause the CEO's gonna manage all the loans and I wanna manage business loans 'cause it's fun.


Asher and the other kids here pick their top three jobs. They fill out an application and then it is time for their job interviews. We catch up with Asher and a line of other kids all nervously clutching their paper application forms. How you feeling? Scared. Just made me to wake. When it's Asher's turn, he heads to a storefront in the corner of BizTown. He sits down across from his interviewer who's an adult volunteer at the camp. Why do you want this job? I'm good with money management. I do like stocks on the side. I also have great leadership and social skills All around BizTown.


Asher's fellow applicants are playing out similar scenes. What skills do you have that will help you in a job at Ja BizTown? I don't have a fear of public speaking, so I shouldn't freeze up. And I am pretty good with improv. I can speak with aloud and clear voice and pronunciate stuff. I'm really good at spelling and I am very, I am very confident Some of the kids are really selling themselves. Really? I'm a fast typer so I can get things done in an instant on computers. Others go with radical honesty. Alright, Are you a leader?


No, I'm not a leader. Oh, Interviewers. This is your one minute warning. One minute. The counselors score the applicants and sort them in. What else? In Excel spreadsheet. Adults do use them for lots of things. Then the kids gather to learn their vocational fate. They sit crisscross applesauce at the center of BizTown. The head counselor calls out their names one by one to come retrieve the envelopes containing their offer letters. And the kids wait for the signal to rip them open. I have too much energy. Like I have those zoomies like my dog. They really build up the suspense, Huh? Yeah, just like hand the envelopes out faster. I wanna know my job.


Finally, the big moment arrives. Please Remember, we will not change your jobs. This is one week out of all the weeks in your life, you will have lots of opportunities to try other jobs. Are you ready? Yes. Are you set? Yes. Open those Envelopes. Yes. Ah, I got a stock manager. I got my top job. CFO. Yeah. Literally shaking. I'm shaking All around the room. The kids are frantically waving their offer letters in the air.


Some seem disappointed, but our aspiring banker, Asher Spear, he got exactly the gig he wanted. CEO of biz town's local credit union. CEO of Unitas. My dream job. Oh. My gosh. How are you Feeling? Good. I've been wanting this job for like my whole life this week. I went for it. I got it. And what's that gonna mean? I manage every single person's loans You are gonna make and break dreams. Why do you wanna manage all the loans? I just like money. Monies. Money. Hello and welcome to Planet Money Money's Money. I'm Alexi Horowitz. And I'm Sally Holmes. Summer camp is one of the classic American rites of passage.


A place where kids come to make new friends, pick on new challenges and learn a little bit about who they are. But what if it were also a place where they came to learn how to survive in a ruthless free market economy? Today on the show, Planet Money goes to capitalism Summer camp. We follow the money through this miniature economy as the kids scramble to get out of debt to the banks. If Shark Tank meets, Lord of the Flies Available balance, negative $24, we're encrypting debt.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly. Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time. It goes beyond basic grammar. To help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click, all without leaving the page they're on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to Grammarly dot com slash enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise Ready AI


Less than 24 hours after receiving their job offer letters. 80 or so kids gather at the center of BizTown. They are ready to take this dollhouse economy into their own tiny Hands attention. We're gonna play our national anthem in just a moment. The national anthem starts to play. They cover their hearts, some of them salute. And just to paint the scene here, BizTown looks kind of like the set of a kids' TV show. It's essentially a warehouse with a ring of tiny storefronts facing a town square. There are generic shops like a cafe and an old timey general store called The Mercantile.


They're also brand name businesses, companies that have actually paid the camp for the privilege of setting up shop. Here there's a little Walmart painted with the real Walmart blue with the real logo up top. There's a UPS store, even an Allstate insurance. And today all of these real looking stores will be run entirely by children. Coincidentally, some of the sponsors here also sponsor NPR Key Corp, UPS and Comcast. Anyway, as the final notes of the national Anthem ring out. Woo. Alright J.


This town Is now open for business. The kids fan out across the room and take up their positions. The CFOs scoot into chairs behind their little desks. The Walmart sales managers put on child-sized blue vests pretending for the day to be a part of the American workforce. And that is kind of the point of BizTown, the nonprofit behind the program Junior Achievement. Build it in part as a way to give kids all over the country a basic understanding of the free enterprise system. Camp counselor John Duffy explains BizTown like this. The core economic lessons that we're teaching is that the system relies on all parts of the whole.


That by taking care of yourself, you're taking care of the rest of society too because they're relying on you. You know I I think it's a very like standard capitalist model. It's like Free market capitalism with some training wheels. Absolutely. 100%. And the first central economic lesson here is that the BizTown economy runs on debt. All the businesses start their day with $0 before they can do anything. They have to take out a loan from one of biz town's, two banks. The Goal for every CEO and CFO is to pay back that loan with interest by the end of the day to get their business out of debt before they get picked up by their parents.


So the first thing that all of the CEOs and CFOs have to do is figure out the size of the loans they'll need to take out. Do some math. We walk over to the old timey mercantile store. It is decked out with an old kettle, a little tiny rocking chair. There's an old timey barrel in the mix there. We find 11-year-old store manager Penny Petrolia and her CFO Isla Haver. They're adding up numbers and calculating their expenses for the day. So, we have advertising costs, property tax, healthcare, rent, philanthropy, office equipment, business insurance, business sign technology fees and utilities. And then obviously the cost of what we have to pay everybody.


Okay? Which is kind of expensive. Once They tally up their operating costs, the CEOs of each business then have to get their loan applications approved by one of biz town's, two banks, key Bank or Unites Community Credit Union. And that is where we find 11-year-old banking, CEO Asher Spear holding court as a string of preteen CEOs stream through with their loan agreements. Asher, how many papers do you think you've signed today? Easily 20. Is your hand getting tired? I'm good. I've trained for this. You've trained for this. How? I Signed stuff all the time. I need more pencils Now. Asher isn't doing due diligence on these loans. He's not asking for collateral or pulling anyone's credit score.


No. His job here is just to make sure that each CEO has done their math correctly. If it all checks out, he is able to approve their loans and transfer the funds. And Asher is taking all of this super seriously. Not only because he wants to do a good job, but because in his mind, unites Credit Union isn't a head-to-head competition with biz town's, other financial institution. Key Bank Make money we leave won. Make More money than that. Okay, so the goal is beat Key Bank. Yeah. Feed up 'em. And in order to beat them, Asher wants to collect all of his debts before KeyBank can collect theirs. His business rival is the CEO of KeyBank.


Elise Nicholas on the other side of town, she's going over her own stack of loan applications inside what looks like a real KeyBank branch with fake marble columns and a big red key logo over the entrance. Elise is already in the thick of it. She's going over the loan application from Biz Town's Cafe when she discovers a problem with their math. The cafe, their loan amount is 129 and they wrote 159. Okay, so you, it says, loan rejected successfully. We tell Elise what we heard over at Unite US Credit Union. They're sort of hoping to beat you guys today. Do you feel that way? Definitely. I mean me and Ash were talking when we first got our jobs and we agreed that we were business rivals.


No, look there. there is nothing in the rules that says key KeyBank and Unitas are in competition. But clearly both of these CEOs just cannot resist the urge to win. So Elise is taking her loan approvals extra seriously. She bolts off to the cafe to tell them to resubmit their loan. Excuse Me. Where's your guys' CCFO? Your loan was rejected 'cause the information is wrong. So I think you have to review it and reenter the information. Just then. Asher from the credit union, rushes into the cafe to check up on his competition. How are you not stressed? I'm stressed. I had to reject a loan. You rejected the cafe's loan. Yes, they were wrong. Eventually the cafe does get the math right.


Elise and Asher approve loan after loan until finally Asher has just one more left. Then the next phase of BizTown will begin And then they just have to pay their debts. Alright, so you're almost done with getting them all into debt. Now you need to get 'em to pay back. Bingo. Finally, all the CEOs have secured their loans. Now the kids can focus on actually running their businesses and generating revenue. And just like in the adult world, as the money starts flowing out, you can see the gears of the economy grind into motion. The workers get to work. Employees at UPS wearing the company's signature.


Brown uniforms start distributing supplies to the businesses. Utility workers in hard hats and vests start making the rounds to read the town's fake gas meters. The construction workers appear to just be building a single Adirondack chair. Do You know if this is a wrench or not? That is a wrench can confirm. Finally, the counselors announced that it's time for the first shift of workers to get their paychecks and go on break. Alright everyone, so we're gonna start our first red group break. So if you're not in the red group, you are going to keep working A third of the kids line up under fluorescent lights at the bank or the credit union to get their money.


And that is where we find Ed. He awadi, CEO of the office supply company in line at the bank holding his executive level Paycheck. I got, I got $8 and 82 cents. How does that feel? It's nice 'cause everyone o other people make less and I got the most paying job. Alright, So you're at the top of the Food chain. I'm at the top of the food chain. Yeah. The kids are all paid in the local currency, which are called BizTown bucks. They look kinda like Monopoly money. And as a CEO, ADHE is in the highest pay grade in BizTown. CEOs get paid nine bucks per pay period. That is before taxes, which are indeed deducted. CFOs make eight 50 and everyone else, the cashiers, the construction workers, the meter readers, they all make a minimum wage of $8 flat.


This of Course is one of the big places where the BizTown economy diverges from. The real one. The CEO at the UPS in BizTown, for example, makes exactly one BizTown buck more than the lowest paid delivery worker. While in real life, the CEO of UPS has recently made more than 500 times the starting pay for UPS drivers. Alright, so Adham, highly paid CEO, but not that highly paid. He steps up to a child bank teller, Account number 2 42 4 0 Gets his money. And yes, I would like cash back $2. Got you. And immediately heads off to the cafe. And this is where we see the next part of the BizTown economy spring to life as some of these workers transform into consumers.


Popcorn. Yep. We have no snack. Popcorn. Popcorn. The cafe is already bustling. Popcorn. Popcorn. Popcorn on my card. What do you want? Popcorn. Okay. They're serving real sodas, rice crispy treats and popcorn. My goodness. Everyone wants popcorn. The cafe workers, again, all children, they are overwhelmed. Holy mo. Wait. Oh, It's already that messy. It's madness. And at one of the cafe tables we run into Isla Haer, the CFO of the old timey mercantile store. She is happily munching on her first bag of popcorn. The person at the who took my order was like, what do you want?


Did they seem stressed at the cafe? Yeah. I think I'm glad I've never signed up for a job like that. That sounds very bad. The service industry can be tough when things get slammed. Yeah. How are you feeling about your job so far? Our company is in like $200 of debt, but pretty good. Do you feel like you'll be happy or sad? Depending on how things turn out for the business? I mean? You can ask the CEO, but like, eh, as long as I get everything I need. And while that may not be exactly the kind of self-interest that Adam Smith had in mind in the wealth of nations, it does feel like all around the room, you can see the invisible hand at work. As the kids scramble to supply the demands of their peers.


How much are those Little squishy things? The squishy balls two 50. Can I use debit card for the 50 cents? We only put debit card. Squishy balls at Walmart are a hot commodity. So are the sodas and bags of popcorn at the Cafe of Course. But the most coveted commodity in all of BizTown isn't really a commodity at all. It's a puppy. Well, It's a stuffed animal puppy. Yes, it is available from biz town's only nonprofit, the Humane Society for a $9 adoption fee. And as we look around the town, it starts to become clear that some businesses should be able to make a profit no problem. While others seem like they might be kind of doomed to default on their loans.


I mean the cafe packed. Walmart Pretty packed too. Confusingly a storefront called the International Sign Company is swamped Indeed because they sell signs, but also apparently a coveted giant pencil. I wanted one I mean Good luck. However, some of the stores are not really bringing in customers. Like no one is spending their break at the copy and print shop. No one really seems to want any old timey products from the old timey mercantile store. And The company that seems most doomed to fail is Allstate Insurance. Yes, they are selling fake car and life insurance to the kids of BizTown.


And keep in mind, children are maybe the worst possible market for insurance. They have no dependents. They Are the dependents. They Haven't been alive long enough to understand long-term catastrophic risk. And a lot of them think of themselves as invincible. The Allstate employees are so strapped for customers that one of 'em actually pitches us on a policy. Can You guys buy some car life insurance from Allstate, please? Sorry, I can't. I don't think I have any BizTown bucks. You think I need life insurance? I'm a little older than you guys, I Guess. Yeah, As the day goes on, this cycle of consumption repeats over and over Again. Yellow group. This is your two minute warning Yellow group.


Two minutes. Different groups of kids go on break and spend their paychecks Green group. You are now On break by early afternoon. The most popular items are scarce. The cafe runs outta root beer. There are no more giant pencils. All the puppies are sold out for my break. No Way. Yeah, all the puppies are gone. All The puppies. Had you been saving up for it? Yeah, I was saving up. I had enough money. Oh man. What are you gonna spend it on now? I Don't know. I don't know. These very popular businesses have been w raking in the money and steadily making payments on their loans. But some of the businesses are struggling.


And that is a problem, not just for them, but also for our two bankers. Asher and Elise. Remember they are competing to see which bank will get paid back first. So Asher decides to take matters into his own hands. He drops by the old timey mercantile store to see what's going wrong. And he talks to Isla, the CFO. You weren't paying your loan. That's 'cause we don't have any money to pay the loan. How do you get the money? By selling stuff and nobody's buying stuff. So no one's bought anything here. Not really. Well, you go into that. Have fun. Elise from KeyBank, meanwhile has decided to skip her break entirely to keep working. Why didn't you wanna go on break? Elise? I wanted, I wanna keep doing my job because I only have a few things left and then I can help my employees.


Do you feel like you're a little bit of a workaholic? Maybe. I think next break I might probably enjoy it, but right now I really am on edge and wanna get back to my job. The kids are getting more and more frazzled. And for CEOs and CFOs, the pressure to pay their debts is getting intense. I mean the interest is piling up and a few of them start to get creative in order to make more money. For example, the BizTown Fire Marshal Naval Deua who works at City Hall, he's decided to work straight through his break in order to catch as many businesses as possible with code violations. Still messy. It was cleaned up. Lemme see.


Lemme see. Yes, it was. Naval can issue fines for things like having a messy workspace. Why are you gonna work again? Because We need to pay off our loan. So You're just trying to get money for the city And And fines are $60. That's a lot of money. Oh, that's A lot. I'm trying to go do a complete route very quickly so I can get back around so they won't have cleaned up by the time I'm around around and I'll gotta find them. So You're trying to make sure that you almost trick them. Almost make it harder than it should be. You're nodding Another innovation. The Comcast CEO Gabriel Samor has decided to start offering additional wifi routers to the other businesses for free So. we can start billing them for extra wifi.


We've already charged every business for wifi, but we need more money than that. So wifi routers are free now because more wifi routers equals more bills. All right, so it's like a promotion. Others might call that a scam. I don't know. They're getting double wifi. I dunno the problem. But even with this frenetic push to make as much money as possible by the late afternoon Asher at Unitas Credit Union, he's still feeling the pressure when he looks at his books. You know they are full of outstanding loads. None of the CFOs have paid their debts yet. How do you feel about the fact they haven't paid you back? Oh, I'm mad. They're not giving me the money.


What happens to your business if you don't get the money back? We go in debt and then we die. So you'll go under unless they pay you back. Yep. After the break, will the children of BizTown be able to get out of debt to their lenders? Or will a string of defaults cause the whole BizTown financial system to come crashing down? And We learn that things in BizTown might not be as they seem.


This message comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch. Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor. Member SIPC.


Support for NPR in the following message. Come from Edward Jones. What does it mean to be rich? Maybe it's less about reaching a magic number and more about discovering the magic in life. Edward Jones Financial Advisors are people you can count on for financial strategies that help support a life you love. Because the key to being rich is knowing what counts. Learn about this comprehensive approach to planning@edwardjones.com slash find your rich Edward Jones. Member. SIPC.


Apparently I'm getting fined or something. Yeah. For $40. What? As the BizTown simulation enters its final quarter. Come on Q4. Things are getting heated. Our bankers, Asher and Elise are busy reminding their debtors that the clock is ticking and one by one, many of the businesses do start to pay off their loans in full. But in the final minutes, there are still a few stragglers struggling to get across the finish line. All right. Paper company. How we doing? Horrible loans are not looking good right now. Yeah, we We need to do, we're do. The CFO goes to double check the company's account balance when she notices something strange. Oh, actually, nevermind.


We have, can I go? We have a, we can repay our business loan up $200. Yeah, we can pay back our business loan. Alright. Do it right now. Yeah. The everything's doing great. Everything's Fine. How did that change so fast? I have no idea. I just know of my job. All know is I'm a football and I'm ready to pun it at someone. Somehow The paper company has pulled it off. They have gone from hopelessly insolvent to profitable. Then we drop by the Mercantile store to check in with CFO. Isla Haer. Yeah. All day. The Mercantile has been struggling and they are still about a hundred dollars in debt. But when Isla checks her company's account Funds available for loan re paying $209.


What? Okay. So some money has mysteriously appeared in your account. We just got random money and I, we don't, none of us know how. So I'm just gonna give it to the bank to hopefully repay a few things. A suspicious pattern seemed to be emerging. Was this money coming from some sort of angel investor? Was it a last minute, bulk order of old timey, curios, Whatever the case. Isla types the remaining loan balance into her computer to send it over to Asher and his team. ATUs Credit Union. She Holds her breath and then clicks confirm. Our loan is fully paid off. Woo. I've gotta go find Penny. I lucked hairs across BizTown in search of her CEO Penny, who she eventually finds mid shopping Spree.


Penny. Penny. Penny, penny. Penny. Oh, our loans are paid. Wait, how? For Some reason we got $200 in something. We have no dues. Honey. How does it feel? Good. I didn't expect that. Why did we get $200? I have no clue. But we probably paid off our stuff. I don't really know. I'm excited. Okay, but what do you think's the lesson here? Just Be hopeful. I guess it's like, don't give up, Just hang in there. Yeah, I'm gonna go Walmart 'cause I still have $5. Some of these businesses have had a mysterious windfall. The kids seem to chalk it up to luck Or hopefulness. And over at Unit Unites Credit Union, Asher Spear has been watching the loan payments come in.


Finally he gets word that they have all been repaid. We're done. You're done. Yeah. I'm just gonna go tell Key Bank, did we beat them? Aw, this feels good. Asher Strides confidently into the middle of Key Bank where he finds his financial nemesis. Elise, Hey, we beat you. What do You mean? We paid back our loans quicker. Well, everybody else has paid off except Allstate. Oh, Allstate. They had an impossible task before them selling fake insurance policies to 11 year olds. The other businesses have somehow made ends meet, but not Allstate. In the last 10 minutes of the simulation we go over to visit them.


So far they've only sold three policies to their kid customers for a total of around $15. We ask the CEO, Gwynnie Hayden how they're doing with the Loan. Not very well. Really? Yeah. And I'm kind of stressing out 'cause we only have a little bit to pay it off. So yeah. Do you think you guys are gonna still have time to make it? Gwynnie turns to our CFO. Who nervously checks the computer in the corner. How much money do we need for the loan? $72 and 25 cents. Oh, so you still owe $72? Yeah. And how much money do you have right now? Zero. $0. Okay. No mysterious extra money for them.


But a couple minutes later, one of the camp counselors comes to check in on the group. Can I speak with the CFO? Have you paid off your loan yet? The kids explain. No, we're $70 in the hole. The counselor tells them to sit tight and heads quickly back to a computer at the center of BizTown. We decide to follow her. So what's happening every here? Well, it sounds like Allstate didn't get enough income to pay off their loan. That's the only one. Yes. And So, we have the ability to subsidize, and so I'm gonna add like $75 to their account so that they can pay off their loan. So this is where the money's been mysteriously appearing? Yes, it has. That we've Seen popping up an account.


I See. Yes, it has. So now I'm gonna go tell them to see if they can pay off their loan and they should be able to. Okay. That's a pretty successful day. I wouldn't call it a free market Final staff meeting, but you know, we're learning. Isn't that what the point of this is? The counselor walks back to Allstate where the kids suddenly discover their last minute change of fortune. They send the money over to KeyBank. All of the companies have paid back their loans thanks to this last minute capital infusion. Some would Call it a bailout. Yeah, but They're too cute to fail. And yes. And there is something undeniably joyful and positive seeing the kids finally breathe a sigh of relief as their financial woes fade into the background.


But it also cast what we'd been seeing at BizTown in kind of a new light. Because On the surface, when we first arrived, BizTown seemed like this straightforward introduction to the free market. But The fact that at the end of the day, there seems to be no way for any of the campers of BizTown to fail made it feel like they're coming away with a kind of rose tinted view of how our economic system actually works. We ask camp counselor John Duffy to explain what we'd seen in those crucial final minutes. The big magic wand at the end of the day is if they have put anything towards their loan, yeah, we give them a subsidy for the rest.


Because sometimes the salesmen at Allstate only sell three policies and they feel terrible about it. So then we come around with a subsidy and it's like a, listen, you did what you could do. You did the work. So it's like from each according to their ability, you kind of give subsidies to each according to their needs. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Isn't that just socialism? It's, it's, yeah. And sure. John says, you could see what's going on here as a way of selling the free market to children with all the warm, fuzzy feelings of socialist equality, You know capitalism with training wheels, But that isn't the entire picture.


We realized BizTown is also kind of like an initiation into some of the essential economic rituals of a adulthood. Filling out a job application, cashing a paycheck. It shows kids that we're all connected by the flow of money. J is town citizens, attention J. News Town Citizens. Ja. This town is now closed. We are gonna take the next five minutes and we're gonna tighten up our businesses and try to make it look exactly like it did when we came in. After the last loan has been paid and the last stuffed puppy has been sold. The kids return to their little mini workplaces to clean up.


What now? Done they over. They're plugging in cables, putting pencils back in drawers, arranging the paperwork into neat piles for the next workers of BizTown. Finish their closing staff closing the business up. This is nice. When you ask the kids themselves what they'll be taking away from their time at BizTown, the epiphanies feel bite sized. What advice would you give to the next CEO of Unitas If you can? Don't freak out about paperwork and YouTube breaks. Well, get your money. Get your popcorn. Get your soda. Sit down with some friends.


Drink and eat as quick as you can. So it sounds like all this advice is kinda like how to not be too stressed. Yeah. So next time you'd say, do some things to be less stressed. Definitely, huh? Yeah. Next time Asher would be more relaxed, maybe focus less on competition and more on another goal that he had also had that day, which was to drink two different kinds of soda at the same time. Because at the end of the day, going to BizTown is a chance for kids to just vacation in the land of adulthood. They're not yet permanent residents, even if someday they will have to join the big bid town where the rest of us live.


This episode was produced by absolute genius, James Snead. It was edited by Jess Jang and FactCheck by Sierra Juarez, engineering by Gilly Moon. Alice Goldmark is Planet Money's executive producer. Special thanks to Shannon Wakeman, Barbara Smith, Lyn Brimer, and Tom Russell. I'm Alexi Horrowitz Ghazi. And I'm Sally Helm. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from UL Solutions. It's not easy. Keeping up with the safety and quality demands of this fast-paced world. Scientists, engineers, and everyday innovators are tasked with understanding global regulations, reducing carbon emissions, and staying current. With new lab safety training, even heroes need help. That's why you need Ultra Software by UL Solutions. Manage safety, sustainability, and regulatory challenges with ease. Learn more@ultus.com slash npr.