
This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey, it's Amanda Arachic. The year is almost over. You've heard a lot of pitches asking you to support NPR to the many of you who have given. Thank you.


Now, if you are sick of these pitches, chances are you are a heavy podcast listener that you get a lot out of NPR podcasts like Planet Money. The Indicator Up. First, the NPR Politics Podcast. In order to make all our shows possible, NPR has sponsors, sponsors slot messages into podcast episodes. You hear them every show unless you don't. That is just one of the things we offer supporters who sign up for NPR plus sponsor free episodes of more than 25 different NPR podcasts, including this one. And those sponsor messages add up. If you listen to two or three NPR podcasts each week, we could be talking about 12 hours worth of sponsor messages in a year. So just consider like what is 12 hours of your time worth and imagine spending that on something that matters. And keeping those 12 hours supporting public media is a public good, especially right now. Information matters, facts matter, context and perspective matter. We know you know this, so please take a few minutes to save hours of time in the coming year and support NPR. Go to plus npr.org. Get sponsor free episodes, as well as bonus episodes, merch discounts, and other perks across more than 25 NPR shows. That's plus.npr.org. The link is in our episode notes too. And thanks.


This is Planet Money from NPR. Lindsay Powell has been a card carrying member of Recreational Equipment Incorporated for over a decade. That's the Outdoor Good Store, more commonly known as REI, which also happens to be an NPR sponsor. And one of the things she's loved most about REI is their famously generous returns policy. If You purchase something with us and you're not happy with it for any reason, you can return it, no questions asked, not a big deal. REI will give you a full year to return the stuff you buy. And Lindsay would take them up on that offer a lot. Sometimes going to extreme lengths to put some piece of gear to the test.


And I remember like purchasing like a Jji jacket And I had, they claimed to be waterproof And I literally like wore it in the shower. 'cause I was like, says this is gonna be waterproof. Well, let's test it. You know? How long, how long did you stay in the shower? I think it was like five minutes or so. It was like a tropical monsoon. Yeah. I'm like, this is not working. But a couple months ago, Lindsay got a sort of stern email from REI letting her know that her days of freewheeling returns had come to an end. Hello. REI, member RE. I recently updated part of its return policy. When we reviewed your account, we found that the number and frequency of returns you have made far exceeds what we typically see from members.


The email explained that going forward, Lindsay would no longer be allowed to return anything she bought from REI ever. Again, I was in shock. I thought it was a spam email. I didn't believe it. And Lindsay was not the only person to have gotten this email. So approximately 3,300 members or less than 0.02% of our 24 million members have been limited in their ability to make returns. This is Ken Voler, he's in charge of operations for REI stores. And he says the customers who received this notice had been using their policy in a way that had gotten really expensive for the company. On average, this group had a return rate of almost 80%. So that means that if they purchased a thousand dollars worth of gear from us, they returned $800 worth of that.


And more than half of that gear had been used. We saw customers buying an entire season's worth of ski gear, so skis, boots, clothing, using that gear for the entire season, and then returning it all once they were finished. Okay, so they're using it like a free rental service basically. Exactly. And what REI is up to here, it kinda represents the latest chapter in this larger story about returns that I've been following for a while. A few years ago, I reported a Planet Money episode about what happens to all the stuff that we as consumers send back every year and why more and more companies had started offering generous returns policies in the age of online shopping.


But lately that trend seems to be reversing at least a little bit, though it can seem like a lot for people like REI, member Lindsey Powell. She says she understood why the company would wanna crack down on people using the store like a lending library. But she says that she herself was not in that camp. She actually went back through all her REI purchases from the past decade and made a spreadsheet in order to double check and what she found. So it was pretty gnarly because I realized that I've spent close to $11,000 within between 2014 and 2024. And of that $11,000, I returned $3,142 and 56 cents.


So your return rate is something around 30%, is that right? Yeah. So not 80%. And yes, 30% may still sound like a very high rate of returns, but Lindsay says most of the things she returned, she'd ordered online and sent back pretty quickly after figuring out they didn't fit right. Right. For Lindsay, the main issue here is that she says she never got any warning before losing her returns privileges and that she wouldn't have shopped the way she did if she'd known there was this secret limit. Reis. Ken Bowler wouldn't comment on particular customers, but he says that over the years the company has tried giving warnings to some problematic over returners. They've tried putting people on probation, but none of it worked. And he points out that Lindsay and everyone else who got their return privileges revoked are still welcome to shop at the store.


Whether anyone will take them up on that offer is less clear. Do you think you'll ever buy anything from REI ever again? No, definitely not. No, I'm done. I'm done with that store. I would rather have a root canal versus going to that store again. Lindsay's decided that if REI won't let her return the things she buys, she won't return to REI to buy anything in the first place. Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Alexi Horowitz Ghazi. Today's episode is actually gonna be all about returns of a different sort. We're gonna return to some of our favorite episodes from the past few years to find out what's happened since we put our microphones down and hit publish part of an annual tradition.


We call The Rest of the Story after the program by the radio legend Paul Harvey. Now The Rest of the Story Today on the show, what's happened with all these student loans that President Biden tried to forgive? Where is the best place in the world to give birth to twins? And how has Argentina fared after a year under the economic guidance of a man with the nickname El Loca? That's all coming up on The Rest of the Story.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. Financial decisions can be tricky. Your cognitive and emotional biases can lead you astray. Financial Decoder, an original podcast from Charles Schwab can help listen today at schwab.com/financial decoder.


This message comes from Apple Card, searching for a hassle-free way to help you grow your savings. Then look no further than the high yield savings account. You can open through Apple Card, apply for Apple Card in the wallet app today and see a credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your Wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more


For our first update. We've called Planet Money co-host Kenny Malone to the studio. Hello Kenny. Hello. Let's do this. I'm excited. Let's go. Kenny, two years ago you signed yourself maybe one of the more whimsical episodes we've ever done. Yeah, you may recall that Former Planet Money co-host Robert Smith And I, we attempted to attend five different New York area sporting events in a single day. It was chaos. Did they go? Did they go There they go. All right, sports event number two, two, It is the Jets Versus one second. Chicago Bears Bears, bears Bear. This is a dumpster fire. This is an actual dumpster fire. It, it was a real dumpster fire.


But along the way we tried to pay as little as possible to get into all of these events. Oh dude, I got 10 bucks. Wait, what? Why Wait, wait, wait. 10 bucks. Where? Where For two tickets? Yeah, dude, that's right. You got some $10 tickets to a Jets game. Not bad. That's right. Some some would say you should, you should be paid to go to a Jets game. But yes, yes, we did pay $10. That's next time Now. Now, the reason we went to these events is because even though inflation was going through the roof, then sports ticket prices were actually going down. And so Alexi, my update is that now even though inflation has slowed down, sports ticket prices are now actually going up like way up.


Okay, so like basically the exact opposite price phenomenon has happened since your story. Yeah, 180 degree turnaround. So, you know, when we did our story about two years ago, ticket prices had dropped 17.7% year over year. One year after our story, they were up 25%, like even higher than before the drop. So this, this rise in sports ticket prices is part of a phenomenon that has earned its own name that I, I think you're gonna like it. It's called Ready fl Ffl. What? We should have cooked that Up. We didn't. And it does cooking it up since it reminds me of the funfetti cake with the little sprinkles. But yes, this is apparently how economists are talking about the, the rush of demand and thus increased prices for live events that I, I guess we missed during the pandemic sports have seen the biggest jump in ticket prices, but the consumer price index category that tracks movies and theater and concerts like altogether has also generally outpaced inflation.


So, so it ap, it appears we reported that original sports ticket story in the exact window before the fun ation, the, the brief window of like whatever you would call the opposite of fun ation, I dunno, right? Like couch ation or couch ation, bum iation Bum. Yes. Yes. Right. Kenny, thank you so much for your update. Thank you Alexi. Next up we have NPR R'S Longtime education correspondent Cory Turner, or as I like to think of him, the student loan whisperer. Cory, welcome back. Thanks for coming. Hi Alexi. Thank you for staying on brand, but let's go full volume.


So you are here to give us an update on a student loan episode you did around a year and a half ago. Yeah, it was August, 2023 and a lot has happened since then. In that episode I was talking about President Biden's big new student loan repayment plan, the saving on a valuable education plan, or if you love acronyms save. He rolled it out after the Supreme Court struck down his big effort to outright forgive billions of dollars in federal student loan debt. As repayment plans go save is radically more flexible and generous and forgiving really than anything that has come before. And I wanna give you one example here. Alexi, a borrower I've spoken to a few times over the past year.


His name is Carlos Sanchez of Texas. He took out a ton of student loan debt to put his three children through state schools before he enrolled in save. His monthly payment was over a thousand dollars. After going through the process of the save plan, it was whittled down to just over $400 and that was a huge relief. So Save was making a real difference for Carlos. But something about the fact that you're here right now, Cory tells me that maybe that is not the case anymore. The Rest of the Story, Alexi, is that Carlos did not have much time to enjoy those save benefits After, you know, making a couple of payments at the lower level save plan amount, I'm feeling pretty good that I'm on the right path.


Turmoil began again, That turmoil was a bunch of Republican state attorneys general sued the Biden administration arguing that the save plan is illegal. And then I got notified from my loan provider that my loan was gonna be put into forbearance until this litigation was settled. And Corey, this is way bigger than just Carlos, right? This is like a lot of people Way bigger. It's, it's happening to all of the roughly 8 million people who are enrolled in the save plan and are now in the student loan equivalent of limbo. Okay. So what exactly is the legal argument here?


Why do some folks think that save might be illegal? Because Of the cost really Alexi by one estimate, the plan could cost $475 billion over 10 years, which would make it maybe more expensive than Biden's original loan forgiveness plan, which was obviously struck down by the Supreme Court. And so those Republican state attorneys general, And I mentioned earlier, they have been arguing in court over the past year that, look, this is Civics 1 0 1, president Biden created the save plan, but only Congress has the power of the purse, not the president. And if Congress had wanted to spend nearly half a trillion dollars on a loan repayment plan, it would have.


And is this argument working? Like where do things stand legally? At the moment? We're waiting for the next ruling, but the courts have already issued an injunction, which is a fancy way of saying nobody can use save until they figure out if it's legal. Okay. So borrowers are in forbearance then? I mean, explain. Explain what this means. What should borrowers know moving forward here? Yeah, it means nobody has to make payments until the court decides if save is legal. Also interest is not accruing. But you know, there are a lot of borrowers for whom this confusion, this limbo is just too much. And so for them, they should know they have a few other options. The ED department is reopening to older repayment plans.


Though I should say a court ruling against save, if it's broad enough, could actually take them down too. If borrowers want a safer bet, they could jump over to the one income-based plan, Alexi, that Congress created itself, which means it's safe. It's called IBR for income-based repayment and it offers some loan forgiveness. But because of its rules, there are gonna be some borrowers who may not qualify for the plan. What is clear at this point is that just about any other plan compared to save is probably gonna mean an increase in borrowers monthly payments. So Corey, I assume a lot of borrowers are probably just gonna stick this out to kind of see what happens, but what would you say are the chances that save somehow survives all of this?


I don't have a crystal ball, obviously, but I would say the only way it survives is for three unlikely things to all happen. And that is for the courts, for the incoming Trump administration and for Congress, which will soon be controlled by Republicans to all three decide that they want saved to stick around. Is that impossible? No. But boy is it unlikely. Cory Turner, thank you so much for the update. You're welcome, Alexi. Okay, next up we have Planet Money's.


Amanda Aran. Hi Amanda. Hello Alexi. How are you? Nice to see you. Good to see you. What have you, what have you brought for us? Well, Now I know that this episode is not a competition, but I win. Of course all you do is win, Amanda. Oh, thank you. But what are you talking about? What do you, what do you mean you're winning? Well, the premise of this episode is to bring you updates on our stories that ran over the past couple years. And my update is the most up update because my update is of two episodes that I did about Argentina. Okay. An update on Argentina. I'm interested, but this is our last segment before the break, so we've only got about two minutes and 45 seconds. That is not enough time.


Argentina elected this totally radical new president Javier Mullet. And boy has he changed a lot. I distilled it down to 75 questions. Here is the list. Amanda? Yeah, Amanda, this is like a little poem. Yeah. Now we only have like two minutes, 20 seconds. Are you ready? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Are you ready? Go, go, Go. Okay. Okay. Starting it now. Here we go. Okay, so first question, did Argentina dollarize, No. Millet promised to replace the collapsing peso with the US dollar to Dollarize, but he has not done that. Not yet anyway. Is the peso still excrement? What? Yeah, that is how Melay described the peso. And no, it is complicated because there's a black market rate and an official rate for the peso, but It is much stronger than it was.


Has inflation in Argentina gone down? Yes. By a lot. The monthly inflation rate was just over 25% last December. Wow. At one point, inflation Argentina was the highest in the world. This past October it went down to 2.7%. Okay. A lot better. A lot better. What changes did melee actually make? Okay, I'm gonna list through these real fast And I'm gonna only answer the economic policy changes. We're gonna put the cultural stuff aside, the political stuff aside. Okay. So he cut more than 30,000 government jobs, he reduced the number of government ministries. He devalued the peso, he cut subsidies on energy, he cut subsidies on transportation, he cut pensions, he cut government salaries, he cut public works.


He wasn't kidding when he said he was going to bring a chainsaw to the state. How much time is left? Just about a minute. Oh God. Okay, so skip ahead to question 68. I have not gotten to the bad stuff Yet. Okay. Okay. Okay. What are the downsides of this kind of shock therapy as it's sometimes called? Has the cost of living gone up? Yes. All those cuts to subsidies mean that heating your home costs more, taking public transit costs more groceries cost more. There was a recession this past year before Millet was elected. 42% of the country live below the poverty line. Now 50% due. What about homelessness? Homelessness is up in Buenos Aires. Look, millet came into office saying that this was going to be really hard and it has been for many people really hard.


Okay, we've got about 28 seconds left. Last question. A year since he became president. Do people like Javier Millet? You know, many people do. When the last guy left office, his approval rating was down to 18%. Mile's approval rating is nearly 50%, which in Argentina, that's not bad. He is doing many of the things that he said he would do. Hopefully all of this shock therapy will turn into more jobs and higher wages and investments and growth. Alright, Amanda, you did it. Whew. Thank you so much for that update on the fate of an entire nation. Yeah, Next time, more time please. We'll see about that coming up after the break.


We return to a housing market horror story from earlier this year and learn about the surprising work benefits that some people get for having Twinsies.


This message comes from American Express. With Amex Business Platinum, pursuing your passions is even more rewarding. With 1.5 times membership rewards points on select purchases, you are in rewards that can take your business further. And with complimentary access to more than 1400 airport lounges globally, including this interior lounge, you can keep running your business while you're on the go. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms and points cap apply. Learn more at American Express dot com slash MX business.


This message comes from NPR sponsor at ATT is the CRM for the AI era. Connect your email and ATT instantly builds your CRM with every company, every contact, and every interaction you've ever had. Enriched and organized. Build AI powered automations and use its research agents to tackle some of your most complex business processes, freeing you to focus on what matters the most. Building your company. Start your free trial@attio.com slash npr.


This message comes from BetterHelp Therapy can be expensive, but at BetterHelp they believe therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury, which is why they offer quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash NPR to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


We are back. It's The Rest of the Story. And for our next update, we're gonna revisit an episode about a kind of mortgage that seemingly will not die, mortgages that kind of rise from the grave and return from the dead. For that, we are joined by NPR investigations correspondent Chris Arnold. Hello Chris. Hey Alexi. Glad to be here. So why don't we start with reminding our listeners what your original story was all about. Okay, so it was about zombie mortgages, which are about as scary as they sound better Than boring, Better than boring. But you still do not wanna have one of these pop up if you own a house. Sure. These are loans that come from way back 2005, 2006 during the housing bubble. And back then a lot of people got two loans when they bought a house.


And the first mortgage was the bigger one for most of the money that they needed to borrow to buy the house. And then they got a smaller second mortgage to basically cover the down payment. Then the housing crash happened and millions of Americans were facing foreclosure. Right. So there was this big national effort to renegotiate and modify people's mortgages so they wouldn't lose their homes. And as part of that homeowners say they were told that these second mortgages were being forgiven so they could keep on paying their main mortgage. Right. Which all seem great except that homeowners are now getting calls from debt collectors who say, you know what? That loan didn't die. You owe me the money. Sometimes it's twice what people borrowed in the first place and they're demanding payment on these old loans.


Yeah. And if homeowners don't pay, these companies will foreclose on their houses. And Chris, you found these zombie mortgages were coming back to haunt a lot of people. Yeah, thousands of people. And we did an episode back in Maya about a woman named Karen McDonough. She's a nurse who lives in Quincy, Massachusetts. And in the episode we, we told how one morning she looked out her window and she was just shocked to see this group of men gathering on her lawn. And there was one guy who, who was like in charge with, with with a clipboard. And he goes, we're selling your house. And I'm like, what are you talking about? He goes, don't pretend that you don't know what I'm talking about. And I go, I actually don't know what you're talking about.


So he told Karen that her home was being foreclosed on and auctioned off. And this is the house that Karen had owned for 17 years. She'd raised her kids in this house and she'd been making payments on it. So this was of course, like really upsetting for Karen. Yeah. It was like shaken, I'm being evicted from my house that I've been making monthly payments on and that I'm current with. And since this episode aired, a lot of other media outlets picked up the zombie mortgage story citing your investigation. But what has happened since then, Chris? Well, One thing is that government officials have also been looking at, at this issue and, and after a story came out, I interviewed the Attorney general in Massachusetts, Andrea Campbell.


And it was pretty cool. She, she actually knew about our episode. If you listen to Karen's story from Quincy, she's still scared about the outcome of her case and her story, like so many others is so compelling about the ongoing harm. And her office has started to take some action. It, it turns out the ags there have been investigating one of these companies that's been foreclosing on people's homes. The company's named Franklin Credit Management. The AG alleges it was breaking state and federal law by trying to collect on these debts. The company did not admit wrongdoing, we should say, but to avoid the risk of litigation, it struck a settlement with the ag. It not only addresses the issue of zombie mortgages, which we see as completely unfair practices against our residents, but most importantly gets the monetary resources these borrowers deserve, the restitution they deserve and $10 million in debt relief.


And what she's talking about with the $10 million there is that the company basically agreed to forgive all of the mortgages it controls for people in the state of Massachusetts. And that's more than 500 loans. Alright, So pretty good start here and definitely a huge boon for, for all the people who, who are getting out of these mortgages. But on the other hand, you found there are many thousands more at risk of losing their homes this way, right? Yeah. I mean, for sure the, the settlement involved just one company and what they're doing in just one state. So Karen McDonough, the settlement doesn't help her. She's still trying to get ownership of her home back from a different company that foreclosed on it. But consumer law groups are hoping that there will be more to come with the government cracking down.


And so is the Massachusetts ag. Andrea Campbell, We hope that other states where they might have a portfolio of borrowers that those ags are also paying attention that they are of course in communication with our office on how we might help them get a similar outcome. And Alexi can tell you that NPR R'S Investigations Unit is also paying attention and we're talking to more homeowners and finding more companies that are doing this. So stay tuned. All right. We definitely will. Chris Arnold, thanks so much for keeping us up to date on everything. Zombie mortgage. Absolutely. Glad to do it.


Finally, today we are joined by Planet Money co-host Mary Childs, who has just returned from parental leave. Mary, welcome home. Oh, thank you Alexi. Good to be back. Good to have you. Now, Mary, not only have you been on parental leave, but yeah, you actually had Twinsies, which you mentioned in an episode back in March where you went shopping for the best parental benefits offered by governments around the world. That is correct. I went shopping out of necessity and Sweden won. Of course, Sweden had some of the best social benefits in the world. I know, right? But What is your update exactly? Do, are you gonna tell me you moved to Sweden? No, I wish Alexi, I don't understand why no one has called me. I remain open to employment in Sweden.


But here is my update. My episode was about benefits that parents can get in different countries, but I did not talk at all about the benefits for parents of multiples, which is the term of art among those of us who have had more than one baby at one time. Like, you know, twins or triplets or God forbid, quadruplets. Multiples, Yes, multiples. I actually learned that the offering in Sweden is even better than I realized because they give additional leave for each additional baby. Wow, that sounds like a great deal. Well, When it comes to multiples, it's kind of buy one, buy another. So I don't know that it's like a deal. But in Sweden they really do offer 180 days more per marginal child on top of their existing offer of 480 days for a baby.


Not bad. I know. So only a few countries in the world do this. These Scandinavian countries as again you might expect, but also Holland, Laos, Azerbaijan, Lithuania, and Dora. But again, this is unusual because in most countries it doesn't matter how many babies you grew, it is just one birth event. I'm gonna say that Sweden and Lithuania and companies on the right side of history on this one, you gotta give those babies more time to, to bond and develop. I mean imagine if the she Wolf who raised Romulus and Remus had gone back to work after only 480 days, Rome might never have gotten built. That's exactly right, Alexia. And I'm so glad that you see this. Rome famously needs more days to be built. Obviously there are more babies to care for and to bond with.


But here's why more leave may be medically indicated because it's typically a more complicated pregnancy for whoever is growing the babies. And it is also riskier for the infants themselves because twins, triplets, et cetera, are more likely than singleton's to need time in the neonatal intensive care unit. They are more likely to have health complications, et cetera. Even more reason for more time. And guess what, Alexi, you are going to be hearing more about this because the incidence of multiple babies at a time is rising. We're Getting more multiples. The multiples are multiplying because yes, more people are using fertility assistance treatments, doing IVF, et cetera. And that increases your chances. But that's not the only reason.


And no one is talking about this, but they should. Another factor that increases your chances of multiples advanced maternal age. Okay. So as more people are having kids later in life than they used to, you can expect to see more twins and more people asking for longer parental leave And or trying to immigrate to Sweden. Ah, exactly right. Please come visit me. You know, I'm there. That'll be our, that'll be our next rest of the story. Perfect. Today's episode was produced by Sam Yellow Horse Kessler, and edited by Keith Romer and Jess Jang.


It was fact checked by Sierra Juarez and engineered by Sena Laredo. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. Special thanks to Edward Gilliland. Mariana Luzi, Nicholas Ald, Yvonne VEing and Rash Zahi. I'm Alexi Horowitz Ghazi. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from s and p Global s and p Global has private companies covered. Whether you're looking for your next investment or m and a target performing peer comparables, assessing counterparty credit risk, or monitoring your supply chain s and p Capital IQ Pros, extensive private company data can give you the insights you need to gain a competitive edge. Learn how you can dive into the companies that matter most to you at s and p global.com/private company data.


This message comes from Warby Parker. If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Find a Warby Parker store near you at warby parker.com/retail.