
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


This is Planet Money from NPR R. 10 years ago, Mike Purcell was on one of his missions on a ship in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Columbia. And for about a week every night, he had been sending out his autonomous underwater vehicle to search the sea floor. I bet Ugal along that coast of Columbia, every four miles there's a ship, A sunken ship. This autonomous vehicle that Mike help develop is like a little underwater drone. It would scan the bottom of the ocean and record whatever it came across. And one day it came across a very, very big object.


Yeah, we see something in the sonar that it is a possible yes. A possible yes. Mike gets called in for all kinds of jobs like this. He was once asked to find Amelia Earhart's plane, no luck. Another time to locate this Air France plane that went down between Rio de Janeiro and Paris. That one, they did find This time a private group and the Colombian government wanted his help finding a 300 year old shipwreck. That was the stuff of legend, the Spanish galleon, the San Jose. It was one of the most famous shipwrecks and maybe the most valuable one of all. Time To investigate.


They sent the drone back down to take pictures, and when the images came back up, Mike and his team crowded around this one guy's desk to see what they'd found. Yeah. We're down in this, you know, pretty old ship in this room that's a big, probably smaller than your closet. And he's at his desk here and we're just looking at it. And I'm behind him looking down at the pictures. And as they look at these grainy black and white underwater images from a few meters off the sea floor, they start to make things out. There is part of the hull, the wood hull, there's a hundred teacups sitting on the surface.


A hundred teacups just lying there nestled into the sand next to the fish and crabs. Well, we saw cannons, we saw the anchor. We start taking the pictures and put 'em together like in a little bit of a mosaic. You can see an outline of the ship And they see, no joke, a bunch of gold coins. I feel like my like image of what a shipwreck looks like is literally that like a chest with gold coins spilling out of it. And that's, yeah. You're telling me that's actually real? That's actually what the picture showed you. Yeah. Well, they weren't really spilling out, But they were there, maybe not in a chest, but scattered about the sea floor.


Mike and his team were pretty sure this was the San Jose. We found it. We knew, we found it. The San Jose was a Spanish galleon that sank in 1708 with billions of dollars worth of gold and silver anti cups aboard. They sent the big news back about a week later when they returned to Port. They were told they had a visitor, Then the president and every, they came on board and we chatted with him briefly about finding it. Wait, you chatted with the President Of Columbia? Yes. So was he All excited? Yeah, I, he was very happy it was found. There's no doubt about that.


This was 10 years ago, and that shipwreck is still sitting on the bottom of the sea floor because while the Colombian government is clearly invested in this ship, they are not the only ones. The battle that sank the San Jose was fierce. And so is the battle over who deserves control of its shipwreck and all its billions of dollars of treasure. Maybe it turns out to be 20 billion, maybe it's 5 billion, I don't know. But it seems to me that they're lining up to fight over who gets it. So who will make out in the end here? I'm not sure, But are you in line? Do you have a seat? I all, I want's a teacup.


Just a teacup. Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Erica Baris. And I'm Mary Childs. So the San Jose shipwreck was found, but it is not clear who it actually belongs to. Turns out shipwrecks with billions of dollars worth of stuff on them can get pretty confusing and contentious. Columbia, Spain, American financiers, south American indigenous groups. Everyone wants a say in what should happen to the San Jose. And because the laws that govern this stuff can overlap and the jurisdictions can be so murky, every single group kind of has a valid argument. Today on the show.


The fight for the San Jose, what one 300 year old shipwreck can teach us about just how hard it is to untangle the legacy of


colonialism Support for NPR and the following message come from ID tech. Id Tech is a summer camp for ages seven to 17 with over 50 courses like BattleBots, AI coding, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code id tech to save $150


support for this podcast. And the following message come from LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. So when you wanna reach the right professionals, use LinkedIn ads. Target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash money. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message comes from Insperity providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters


Two Colombians. The ship that Mike Percel found plays a huge role in the country's cultural imagination. To them, it was another El Dorado, the lost city of gold. The great Colombian author, Gabrielle Garcia Marquez even wrote about the ship in love. In the time of cholera, one of the characters wants to recover the San Jose, so the woman he loves can bathe in gold. I quite frankly thought it was a legend. This is Juan Manuel Santos. So I, I really didn't give that importance to the San Jose until we found it. He was the president of Columbia from 2010 to 2018, the one who shook Mike Purcell's hand after they found the San Jose in 2015.


President Juan remembers vividly when he found out that Mike's team had located the shipwreck. The minister called me and woke me up and when I said, listen, I think it's two o'clock in the morning. Oh my God, Mr. President, I'm so sorry, but I have good news. And she told me, How did you feel at that moment? I, I thought, my God, God is on in our side. And I started to say, how are we going to rescue it? How are we going to sell it to the world? Also, the type of of legal fights that we were gonna have. He could see the legal fights coming, but President Juan, he was pretty confident that Columbia would win those fights because for years people had been beating down his door trying to work with the government to search Columbia's waters for the San Jose.


Finally, one group got through the group that Mike Purcell was working with, and they made a deal to work together and find it, and then they could figure out what to do with whatever profits And then they found it. So President Juan says, it's theirs. That's how it works. I remember it because I studied work and studied in Great Britain, and I'm not a lawyer, but I remember something from the British law that the British had always applied that principle that said finders keepers. So if you find it, you keep it. So I'm going to apply that law to the Gallion finder keepers. The garden is ours.


Okay, So you're already doing all these machinations in your head. Yes, yes, yes. I mean, I I didn't sleep that night. And finders Keepers is a legitimate legal argument. It's called the Law of Fines. If someone finds a shipwreck cargo, they have the rights to it. So long as that thing was abandoned and Columbia did find it because Mike Purcell and his autonomous underwater vehicle, his group was working with the Colombian government and the San Jose has been sitting at the bottom of the sea for over 300 years. That sounds abandoned. Now the law finds mostly applies to ships found in international waters.


This ship was in Columbia's territorial waters. And according to the UN's Convention on the law of the Sea, countries have some jurisdiction over a certain area off their shores and over the removal of archeological and historical objects found in there. Not long after he heard the news, president Juan gave a speech standing at the naval base in Ena about how Columbia was bearing witness to one of the greatest discoveries in the history of humanity.


President Juan is no longer the president, but he says the nation wants to salvage the San Jose and to build a museum. That's the plan. This is a Colombian gallion and we will do with Gallion what we think we should do. But historically it's kind of not a Colombian galleon. It was a Spanish ship from Spain to learn its history and learn about Spain's claim. We called up a Spanish expert in these types of artifacts. Ricardo San Marcos, The San Jose was built in the late 16 hundreds and this ship was fancy. It weighed more than a thousand tons.


It was built of wood that could withstand the salty seas and was reinforced with iron. It had three mast and 64 brass cannons, which were etched with dolphins. Ricardo says the San Jose was a state of the art ship. Ricardo says it had all the latest technology for the 17th century. It like a rocket built to go to Mars.


Spain was a global superpower, and the route the San Jose took was iconic. Indias the maritime network that connected Spain to the Americas and Asia and created what is often called the first era of globalization. The period when Spain helped to establish this global network of trade, he says Spain was sending ships all over the world moving porcelain and silk that came from China.


Gold and silver from the Americas great for Spain, but not everyone liked it, Including the English. England and Spain were at war over trade and colonies. And in June of 1708, the San Jose was going from what is now Panama to the coast of Cardena. Before it starting its journey to Spain, an English ship showed up to seize what was on board. They shot a cannonball into the San Jose, but that ball hit the ship's powder reserves. Ooh. So boom, the ship sank along with nearly 600 men, Which makes this shipwreck site a Spanish war grave. This ship was never abandoned. Spain says it's theirs, and that is why they also have a claim to the San Jose.


The San Jose was flying the Spanish flag when it sank. And warships generally have something called sovereign immunity, which means they fall under their country's jurisdiction no matter where they are. So our expert, Ricardo, who does not work for the Spanish government, says the San Jose does not belong to Columbia. It belongs to Spain. Without a doubt, Ricardo likens it to a sunken embassy. And also he says it's a piece of history. Spain's history, it's like a time capsule from the day it sank.


He Says it has information about how the boat was constructed, what they ate, what they carried, where that stuff came from. And Spain has successfully made this argument before. Ricardo says, about 20 years ago, different Americans found a different Spanish boat sunk by the English. Apparently that happened a lot. They recovered more than 500,000 silver and gold coins, and a US court said the Spanish boat had sovereign immunity. So Spain ended up getting the coins. Ricardo says the same law should be applied to the San Jose. Now Spain has tried to insert itself into other recent legal proceedings around this gallion, but to date it hasn't brought its own legal case based on sovereign immunity, Spain did put out a public statement that described the San Jose as an underwater tomb.


That quote cannot be subject to commercial exploitation. End quote. In other words, don't just haul off the silver in gold and dump the rest. So that is Spain's claim to the San Jose. It is an historical claim, But if we're talking historical claims, there's another group with a claim that goes slightly further back in history because while the ship itself may have come from Spain, that was not true of everything on board to hear this claim. I called up Tata Samwell Flores Cruz. He was in pot Bolivia, which he says is in the jurisdiction of the indigenous Karaka nation.


He's one of the leaders of the Karara car. He says His interest in the San Jose began back in the 1990s. The Movie Titanic had just come out. There were documentaries about it, and one of those documentaries made a reference to the San Jose and he was like, wait, that's a ship that we the Karara Carra have a connection to. He says, A lot of the silver and gold on the ship came from their land Is home to mines gold and silver. One of the world's largest silver deposits was in pot Sea. Tata Samwell says he became kind of obsessed with the San Jose.


He says his community had documents dating back to the 15 hundreds, including ones that showed what was on board the San Jose when it left Potosi a whole lot of silver and gold that was mined by his ancestors. Possibly the same coins that Mike Purcell spotted scattered about the sea floor. The circumstances under which this mining took place were terrible. Spain had a horrific system of forced labor, Mistreatment, Suffering, humiliation, human exploitation. There are estimates that over 8 million indigenous and African people died there as they worked the mines during Spanish colonialism.


What Tata Samwell wants is an acknowledgement that the silver and gold mind in Poti belongs to them. If there's any financial gain that comes from what's onboard the San Jose, he wants to be sure that the Carrara benefit. He says The Carra owned the silver and gold mind during the years of colonialism. If it's silver from pot, it has to come back or it has to fund reparations for the Carra. T Samuel Wells traveled to Columbia to meet with government officials to make his case, and he says they seem open.


As for he says if they want to, they can claim their cans. They're would if it even still exists. This isn't just about the San Jose. In his research, he's found that there were all these other sunken ships with silver and gold that he says the carra have a right to this ship. Could be an example, could set a precedent. Last year, some other indigenous groups in Bolivia said they have a claim too and wanted to be part of his cause.


Tata Samwell was like, yeah, great. The more the merrier. So the Colombians, the Spanish, the Kaka, they all seem to have pretty valid claims to the San Jose. But guess who else also has a claim to the San Jose? A bunch of American businessmen. That's after the


brink. This message comes from Charles Schwab. When is the right time to sell a stock? What is the best way to steer your portfolio through an unsteady market? Financial decisions can be tricky. Financial Decoder is an original podcast from Charles Schwab Host Mark Repe, head of the Schwab Center for Financial Research offers practical solutions to help overcome cognitive and emotional biases that may affect our investing decisions. Listen at schwab.com/financial decoder or wherever you get your podcasts


support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. What counts most to you? Maybe it's spending more time with the ones you love or maybe it's doing more of what you love to do. The key to being rich is knowing what counts. Edward Jones', dedicated financial advisors are people you can count on for financial strategies to help support what truly matters to you. Let's find your rich Edward Jones member SIPC.


This message comes from Apple Card. Searching for a hassle-free way to help you grow your savings. Then look no further than the high yield savings account. You can open through Apple Card, apply for Apple Card in the wallet app today and see a credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


So far we've talked about three groups who are claiming the San Jose Shipwreck, Columbia, Spain, and the Kara Carra. But there is this other group whose claim is throwing a wrench in the proceedings of all the others. They call themselves the sea search Armada. And their claim goes back to the 1980s when shipwreck treasure hunting was kind of having a moment in all of the bodies of water where wooden chests, full of gold coins might be found. All these private companies were out there searching for treasure And one of those groups out there searching was a pair of American businessmen both named Jim, who pooled together millions of dollars from investors to look for the San Jose in 1981.


They say they found pieces of wood that looked like they'd been blown up cannons artifacts. So they told Columbia the secret coordinates where they had found evidence of a shipwreck. Now their impression was under Columbian law at the time that entitled them to 50% of whatever they found. They find it, they get to keep it right, But almost immediately they say the Colombian government started changing the rules. So sea search Armada sued all the way to Columbia's Supreme Court. But in 2020, Columbia passed another law saying actually everything on that ship is cultural patrimony.


No one can sell it, which means Cesar Ada would get 50% of nothing. So Cesar Ada sued Columbia. Anu. Yeah, the public transmission has started. Microphone, please. Last year, more than 40 years after they say they found the San Jose, they took their case to the permanent court of arbitration. This Is the first of two days of public hearing on jurisdiction between Sea Search Armada, LLC, and the Republic of Columbia. This court exists to resolve international disputes. It's the place the world goes when a government and a business interest disagree.


In this case, sea Search Armada is arguing that Columbia is in violation of the free trade agreement between Columbia and the United States. And the fight in this court kind of encapsulates the four decades of sea search Armada's dispute with Columbia Sea search. Armada's lawyers say Columbia gave us permission to search a little area and we found the San Jose in that area, which entitles us to half of what we found The rights. And the Supreme Court confirms this, the right to treasure is acquired by its discovery. Columbia's lawyers see what they have been saying to the sea. Search Armada, you never found it.


There was nothing in your coordinates order anywhere close. By the way, Columbia's lawyers declined to comment for this story. There's this one exchange that I really love between first one of Columbia's lawyers and then one of the arbiters. Columbia says, Cesar Armada is trying to claim a zone that is way too big miles wide. They're saying that they are entitled to the discovery area, right, which includes the Gallo, San Jose, but may include other of the hundreds of shipwrecks that are supposed to be located in that particular area. 'cause It is well known that It is an area full of shipwrecks and Mermaids and other and everything and other underwater species.


I don't know why I'm hung Mermaid, but we have beautiful ribs. We have beautiful ribs, which is the reason why there are so many Brooks as well. So, but our position is that even if it is true that the Gallion is locating those coordinates, this is not how it works. Sea search Armada says, yeah, that is how it works. The ship blew up and it's been floating around on the sea floor for 300 years. It's gonna be spread out by now. Caesar's Armada's case before the tribunal court will reconvene at the end of this year. This whole thing is now going on year 44. Okay, so everybody has a claim. Columbia and the group that financed Mike Purcell's, voyage, Spain, the Carra Carra Sea Search Armada, because since the San Jose sank in 1708, power has shifted so much the way we think about territory and land and ownership has shifted and we are left trying to use today's tools to resolve something that started hundreds of years ago.


This is all really complicated And if you're wondering why nobody has just gone and brought the San Jose up from the sea floor, it's partly for legal reasons. The Sea search Armada has an injunction, but also because in the years after it was found, there was a giant Colombian naval ship floating over the San Jose guarding it. Maybe the simplest possible way to claim it. This episode of Planet Money was produced by Sam Yellow Horse Kessler, with help from Willa Rubin and edited by Keith Romer.


It was fact checked by Sierra Juarez and engineered by Neil Rauch with help from Robert Rodriguez. Alex Goldmark is our executive producer. Thank you to Nicolette Kahn, Carla Ron Phillips, Leonardo Moreno Alvarez, Jose Maria, cia, and Mariano Asner Gomez. And before we go, we just wanna say a big thank you. If you're one of the listeners who answered the call in the last few months and supported our show by signing up for NPR Plus that support is so important to keeping our work going. So thank you. And if you heard about NPR Plus but aren't supporting us yet, It is really easy to sign up. Just go to plus.npr.org. I'm Mary Childs. I'm Erica Baris. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from Greenlight. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, parents invest in so many things to enrich kids' lives. But are you investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at Greenlight dot com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Vanta. Whether you are a startup founder navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Visit vanta.com/ planetmoney today to receive $1,000 off.