
This message comes from NPR sponsor Ultra Software by UL Solutions. Ultra Software helps companies drive innovation, meet regulatory requirements, and get safer, sustainable products to market. Learn more@ultrus.com slash npr.


Hey, it's Kenny Malone. Real quick before the show, I wanted to share three ways to follow NPR R S election coverage in the coming days. So, up first, you've got up first. That is NPR R'S Morning News podcast. It is recorded before dawn and it is out by 7:00 AM Eastern time every weekday. Then you've got the NPR Politics podcast. That's gonna be the place to go Whenever you get a news alert or, or there's big breaking news, you can look for an NPR Politics podcast episode, dropping a few hours after that kind of thing. And. then finally, there is, consider this, that is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening.


So up first in the morning. consider this in the evening. And the NPR Politics podcast. Anytime, big stuff happens. It's an around the clock election news survival kit from NPR podcasts. Okay, thank you for listening. Here's the show. This is Planet Money from NPR This. gorgeous farmland out here. Yeah, it's nice. Picture a jeep bouncing along a, a dirt road in rural Oklahoma Is that their house What. does it say it's on the right or the left? I think it's on the left.


These are two of my colleagues, NPR reporters, Quill Lawrence and Chris Arnold. And they're pulling up to a house, is That right? I think that's right. Yeah. Kind Of the house really, that's been at the center of this astonishing and frankly, pretty bizarre problem that has been unfolding over the last couple years. They get outta the car. Microphone's recording of Course. How are you doing? I'm doing good. How are you? Good, good. Just You know. Apologize if you just put microphones in your face, but No, It's fine. They're greeted by the homeowners. Ray and Becky. Queen Ray served in the army in Iraq. You got Arabic on your wrist. Actually, this, it was done in Iraq.


Oh yeah. A buddy of mine bought a tattoo machine on the f on, yeah. What, where were you? Liberty. Oh, okay. That's where we were based. The Liberty Victory Complex there. That nonsense. Yeah. Yep. That nonsense. When Chris first met Ray and Becky Queen, they were about to lose their house because somewhere in some governmental office, a decision was made about how to help veterans keep their homes. During, COVID, VID and it had gone catastrophically wrong. I didn't want to talk to you in the first place. I'm gonna be honest with you. I, that's just not my, my thing. When you told me how many people this affected, I, it made me feel a lot better about being, about wanting to, to get this fixed.


Hello and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Kenny Malone. Today on the show, we ride along with our colleagues at NPR as they uncover a single change to some like wonky mortgage terms that not many people were paying attention to. The result of that change, tens of thousands of veterans were about to lose their homes because of a policy meant to help keep them in those homes.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it goes beyond basic grammar to help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click all without leaving the page. There're on Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to Grammarly dot com slash enterprise to learn more Grammarly enterprise ready ai.


Let's make sure everyone is rolling. Rolling, Rolling. Hang on. The AG in Maryland is texting me about something. This is the most Chris Arnold way to start an interview. Oh, I'm sorry. The Attorney General in another state is texting me about something else. Chris Arnold is a reporter for NPRs Investigations team. He has been on the show many times before and, and this particular story starts when Chris got a call from a lawyer. The lawyer, she was like, look, I, I got a call from this guy and I don't know if I can help him. His house has already been foreclosed on. Somebody screwed up. He, he had a covid mortgage forbearance and the family's like about to be put out on the street.


Yes, COVID mortgage forbearance when Covid hit 20 million people lost their jobs, but we hoped it was gonna be a temporary thing. And so Congress said like, Hey, look, if you're a homeowner and you're in trouble, you are allowed to, to temporarily pause your mortgage payments and not lose your home. That is forbearance. And, and it's become an important part of the crisis playbook, The system, the financial system learned after the 2008 financial crisis and the foreclosure mess and millions of people lose in their homes. It learned that like, well, everybody wins.


If you, if you can avoid a foreclosure, like the people on the other end that are trying to collect the money win, you know, the neighborhood wins, the homeowner wins. So forbearance comes into play where it's like, alright, well something happened. I I'm in between jobs, so I might not be able to pay my mortgage for three or four months, but I'm getting another job. So just hang with me here. You know. Yeah. And, and even when there is not a crisis, you can usually work with your lender to pause mortgage payments for, for just a few months. With Covid, though, the government extended that homeowners were ultimately allowed 18 months of forbearance. However, Chris was hearing that something was going very wrong with that system, and it seemed to be hitting one particular group of homeowners.


I remember hearing from some lawyers who were You know, like people start, are about to lose their house. They start calling lawyers and, and they were telling me they're getting a lot of calls from veterans. Like, like something, something wasn't right. Yeah. So I was out in LA doing a story on homeless veterans. Actually That is Quill Lawrence, our second guide today. Quill covers veterans affairs for NPR. And Chris reaches out to me and he's got some story about veterans losing their homes. And I'm not used to hearing from Chris about veteran stories. He's the mortgage guy. So Chris and Quill went searching for somebody who was in the middle of this big problem, somebody who was about to lose their home.


And Eventually I got connected with this couple Ray and Becky Queen in, in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. And I was like, okay, yeah, let, let, let's talk to these guys. This is the, this is the letter that I received my husband and I received yesterday stating that our home is now in foreclosure. They're starting foreclosure proceedings. It's been Ray and Becky Queen have four kids. Ray works for a veterans nonprofit, veterans education stuff. Becky's a social worker and a, a few years ago they moved to Oklahoma for, for Becky's job. We purchased the home that we are in now in 20 June of 2021.


Babe, June-ish. Yeah, we moved here at the middle of June 20. No, oh, when we bought the house. Yeah. Yeah. So just, and just so you're aware, I I, I have brain damage from my time in Iraq, and so my memory is absolutely not great. So that's why Becky does most of the talking because she's basically the memory bank for both of us. Ray and Becky were able to buy their home because of one of the key benefits of military service, what's known as a VA home loan. It's a loan that is backed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.


And these loans date back to World War ii, You know veterans, all the gis returning from the war. It was a way for them to get a leg up into the middle class. Part of the deal. And part of the reason veterans are a protected class is Yeah. 'cause when they come back, you want some stability for them. And so the, the deal that they get includes You know healthcare if they need it, and some benefits for disability like Ray has. And also this really sweet home loan with You know no money down and a really good interest rate. And the Queens are able to get that no money down, low rate mortgage in part because the Department of Veterans Affairs acts as this almost like very good, very rich friend for the Queens, the VA basically says to mortgage lenders, Hey, you can lend to the Queens and we promise one way or another you'll get paid back and, and look like this is something the US government does for most people who buy a home.


You, you've likely heard of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, the FHA. These are the, the massively rich friends that back most of the home loans in the us And, and that makes it less risky for banks to make loans and has generally brought mortgage rates down. But, but yeah. Anyway, it is the Department of Veterans Affairs that helped Ray and Becky Queen get the house that they show to Chris and Quill. And then the kitchen, the kids have not done the dishes, so we'll just ignore that too. Yeah. I mean they gave us a tour of the house and it's like very comfortable. I mean the kids are hanging out, doing their homework, playing video games. I mean, you know, doing stuff outside. It just feels like a place they've, they've just settled in, Come here please.


It's nothing. Come here, please. Remotely grand or ostentatious. But it feels so homey. I got lots of chickens, much to raise chagrin On this really cute little farm. Come here girl. Go, go, Go, go. Like it's more farm than house. Get out. There's this one moment where one of the kids just fires up this four wheeler a TV thing. It's like kid size. And he just goes flying off around this field with a helmet on. He's bouncing around and, and, and he just looked like it looked like so much fun. I I was honestly jealous.


Like, I wanna be doing that. That looks great. Well, and it must feel good to have You know you got a house with some land and your kid can go tearing off on the four wheeler and Yeah, that's, it's not, wasn't a possibility when I was a kid for multiple different reasons. So it's, it's, it's great that they're able to explore the things that they want to do. He's, he's an engine guy. He's, he's probably gonna be an engineer smarter at almost 11. He's smarter than I am already. Yeah. Like Ray said, You know he was wounded in Iraq and it's, I I, I dunno, in my experience sometimes it's, it's hard for these folks to find a, a peaceful spot.


But this looks like his peaceful spot to me. When Chris first met the Queens, they were about to lose all of that. During COVID. Becky and Ray were among the millions of Americans who needed the help of mortgage forbearance. Becky's mom died of Covid. Becky had to take extended leave from her job and then lost her job. She called up the company that now handles her mortgage payments and they told her, yeah, you, you can pause your payments. So I, I'm 41 years old and I do my research. I'm not just gonna be like, oh, sign me up. I don't have to pay you. Cool. I did my research. I looked into everything.


I called numerous, numerous times, and every time I was told a forbearance is very simple. It is, it's meant to last short term up to a year. And at the end of that year, whatever you did not pay is tacked on to the end. Right? She, she says that they told her that when it was time to start making her mortgage payments again, nothing would really change. Those, those missed payments would move to the end of the loan. So, so basically if she missed a year of payments, she would still owe those Just You know, like way, way down the road, The way we were to explained it, it would be a fairly simple process.


You start making payments again and you're done. And to be clear, this is a very normal way to restart payments after forbearance. And, and the vast majority of homeowners who had trouble During COVID were able to resume making their mortgage payments in some affordable way. But a lot of military veterans with VA loans were not able to do that. When the queen's forbearance period was up, when they got their repayment options, that simple, affordable version of forbearance where you just move the missed payments to the back of the loan, it was nowhere to be found. So they were told they could pay back all of their missed payments all at once, $22,000, which they didn't have.


Or they could do what's called a loan modification, but rates had gone way up. I mean mortgage rates had doubled. And that meant if they did a loan mod, that their payments were gonna go up by a huge amount. They couldn't afford any of those options. And after arguing on the phone for months with their mortgage company saying this wasn't supposed to be the deal, they eventually realized they're gonna be facing foreclosure. And when I tell you that my heart dropped and like my hands were shaking and honest to God, I, it was scary. I was at work and I ended up, I ended up leaving and, and telling Ray that You know I needed to talk to him before the kids got home from school because that was not something that the kids needed To, to hear I mean.


When I talked to Ray and Becky Queen, they were very close to foreclosure. I mean you start getting letters in the mail that say like, we're gonna foreclose on your house, you know, there's not much time left. And they were scared and angry and confused. And now we're at the point where we've gotta figure out what You know. Do we just, do we give up and give in? Do we give up our property and, and walk away? And this is supposed to be a program that you're, that y'all have to help people in times of crisis not being able to afford their mortgage. So so you don't take their house from them. Like, I don't understand. So what was happening? The clock was ticking on the Queen's home.


Chris starts calling, like everyone trying to get an answer to what exactly is going on here. I, I can't remember exactly one thing led to another and, and I finally found a guy, well Call this person a, a well-positioned source. And Chris wound up talking to a bunch of people to confirm everything. But Yes. He found a guy And he's like, I'll tell you what I think's going on. And when he explains it, I'm like, oh my God. Like, like that makes sense and it sounds really bad. And what that well positioned source explained to Chris was essentially the VA was being a bad rich friend. 'cause you, you will recall the VA is supposed to be a good rich friend that vouches for veterans, you know, promises, lenders that You know ultimately the VA can take the hit if, if someone stops paying their mortgage.


Well, now when tens of thousands of veterans took Covid forbearance, they, they paused mortgages temporarily, but it was up to the VA to decide how those missed payments could eventually be paid back. Like, like literally to decide what the options would be for those homeowners when they were ready to start paying again. Chris has this, this useful way to picture the whole thing. Yeah, I mean it's I mean you kinda thinking about it this way, right? So you're paying your mortgage, you own your house, it's like you're driving along the freeway, But, Then crisis hits. You pause your payments, you're pulling off the highway temporarily. Now when it's time to start paying again, you need an on-ramp to get back onto the highway.


It appeared that like loans backed by Fannie and Freddie or FHA or most other loans in America, that is the on-ramps were working, but people were getting back on. But something didn't seem to be working with the VA loans. Yeah. All, all those other You know rich friend entities, Fannie, Freddie, et cetera, that helped people get mortgages. Well, they also got to determine their homeowner's forbearance repayment options. And those all seemed to be going fine. What Chris's source was telling him was that sometime in October, 2022, the VA had stopped allowing the one repayment option that Ray and Becky Queen had thought they were getting, where they, they pause their payments, restart the payments, and the missed payments go all the way to the back of the loan.


It was the VA's one affordable on-ramp. The VA basically blew up the, the on-ramp and people couldn't get back. As Chris and Quill dug into this, they discovered that there were as many as 40,000 veterans now stuck, unable to get back onto that mortgage payment highway 40,000 veterans that were on the path to losing their homes. Yeah. I mean that, that was one of the most striking things in all this, right? It's like veterans are supposed to have better protections than everybody else. What we saw here was most other American homeowners had better protections than veterans.


It was the veterans who were getting hurt at the end of this covid forbearance thing. Now again, the Queens were about to lose their house. They say it was scheduled for the next foreclosure auction. And, and this next part of the story, Chris and Quill are just sort of running between the Queens and the Department of Veterans Affairs just trying to figure out why the VA blew up the on-ramp. And so they go to the VA and they ask, why did you do this? Why did you blow up the one affordable option for veterans to start repaying their mortgage? And and Quill says, they were told, quote, We only had short term authority for that specific program. During COVID. And this wasn't part of our normal authority.


Does that mean anything? It didn't mean anything, didn't make any sense to me. Well, I mean technically it means something, right? That, that they thought they had no choice but but to turn off this option. But I mean the thing that doesn't seem to add up or make any sense in that. It's like You know, when we went to the va, there were 6,000 veterans on the verge of foreclosure. In the foreclosure process. A total of 40,000 vets headed that direction. I mean you would think the VA would be jumping up and down saying like, we've got a serious problem. We have to shut down this thing that's gonna strand all these veterans. We need help Congress somebody please. And it wasn't that I mean, it was like, it seemed like somewhere in a dark room late at night, somebody pulled the plug.


It Was bizarre. Now the VA did seem to know there was a problem. To be fair, they said that they, they were working on a new, on-ramp, if you will, a new way for people to start repaying again by sort of resetting the mortgage to a super low interest rate. But the VA admitted to Chris and Quill, that whole thing wasn't gonna be ready for months. So it was like, oh, there is a, a raging fire. You know, basically, and they have these fire trucks, but they don't have the wheels on 'em and the hoses. And, and that's not all gonna be built for like, eh, maybe six months from now. So all the houses were gonna be burned down before the VA's rescue plan was like on the road.


I mean it just like, this is what, this is what you're doing. Chris and Quill go back to Ray Queen, explain all of this. And Ray is like, well, well, if the fix is coming, don't foreclose on us. Like give the fire trucks time to show up. Let us keep paying towards our regular mortgage between now and then. And then once the VA has that fixed, then we come back and we address this, the situation that seems like the adult mature thing to do, not put a family through. Hell Chris and Quill go back to the VA manage to get a sit down interview with the person in charge of the VA loan program, John Bell.


And just tell him what Ray said, Why put families through hell? He said, if we don't have to, if You know if there's gonna be help in a few months, I I I have never, I haven't said through this interview that, that You know that we aren't exploring all options at this at, at this point in time. 'cause we certainly are, we owe it to our veterans to make sure that we're giving them every opportunity to be able to stay in the home. In other words, still no help for Ray and Becky and, and any other veterans about to lose their houses. So this time Chris goes to the airwaves. An NPR investigation has found that thousands of US military service members and veterans could lose their homes through no fault of their own.


As NPRs Chris Arnold reports Department. Chris puts all of this reporting into a story, includes the Queens Ray and Becky Queen are showing us around their farm in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. And, and this is where things really start to kind of blow up. So yeah, so this time we, we do this story and four powerful US senators who had major committees fire off a letter to the va and they were basically like WTF what is going on? WTF your own, your own language there. I assume not the senatorial. That was not, yeah, that's not technically what they wrote, but that was the spirit of the okay of the Letter. Chris and Quill would later call up one of those senators, Montana, Democrat, John Tester, Don't let this go to your head.


It was your coverage that brought this to our attention. Thank you. Senator Tester is chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee. So You know he's in charge of the committee that oversees the va. The truth is, is we have a little more access to him than you do So. we pound on him regularly and we're gonna continue to pound on them. So yeah, this, this angry letter from Tester and the other senators went off to the va And then by the end of the week, the VA actually You know hats off I mean responded and stopped foreclosures and every single veteran in the United States of America for six months. So what did that mean for the Queens in that moment? Yeah, I mean, it means suddenly everyone was safe for at least six months.


There's a pause, no one's gonna get foreclosed. You know, even for, like I say, veteran stories have a lot of political heft to them and politicians do like to be seen to be doing stuff for veterans. But this is the fastest I've ever seen a story have a real world effect in 30 years. She just, I just heard her car, so she just, Oh, great. Yeah. We'll wait two seconds. Chris called the Queens before news about the foreclosure moratorium had gotten out. So, so I, I heard from the VA tonight at six o'clock on a Friday, but they sent me a statement here, and basically it says that the VA's now gonna stop foreclosing on anybody with a VA loan for the next six months while they figure out this new program and get it up and running so people in your guys' situation can take advantage of it and not lose your house for no reason.


That's awesome. Yeah. So I just wanted to tell you guys that, and then see like what your take is on You know what, 'cause I know every, you guys have been stressed and it's been rough And, you know? Yeah, I mean it sucks that it had to get to this point to get them to do that, but the fact that telling our story and getting some sort of justice for what's going on with our problems and everything else also helps 40,000 other veterans. That's absolutely amazing to me. Okay. It's been a year since that phone call. After the break, everything is fixed Now. No, no way.


No, it's Not. No, not fixed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill, whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Try at BetterHelp dot com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or A belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Granger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This message comes from Insperity providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters.


So a foreclosure pause is useful, but the whole point of that was was to buy time for the Department of Veterans Affairs to roll out You know this permanent fix this, this program that it was calling Vasp. So what Vasp is gonna do is, What does that stand for? Vasp Quill Veterans of V has to be Veterans. Veterans Affairs. Veterans Affairs servicing. Purchase program. Purchase Program. Let's call it the bailout plan. Good plan. So the bailout plan, if you are a veteran who is facing foreclosure, the VA will go to the bank or, or more likely the investors who hold your mortgage and they will take the mortgage back from them, Put it in its own portfolio of mortgages like the VA becomes a bank.


Okay? And then since the VA is the bank, the VA can give you any interest rate it wants So. we could say Kenny, you got a 2% loan, it's gonna be very affordable. Problem solved. Yeah. The bailout essentially gives the VA the ability to take over the mortgages of veterans like the Queens and then allow the Queens to restart affordable mortgage payments, specifically at 2.5% for up to 40 years. It lets the VA offer a new on ramp back onto the old mortgage payment highway. So I mean it, it is a good, it's a good fix. And it, and it's gonna help thousands of people Except we do have one final stop on this story because during their year of reporting, Chris and Quill kept looking at this, this solution, this bailout and saying, I, I think there is a huge hole in this VA fix a big group of veterans getting left out here.


So the You know, the thing is, we, we went to see the Queens north of Tulsa, but in the meantime, we'd heard from another veteran who lives in Tulsa and it didn't look like any of this was gonna help her at all. So I think we should pull in the driveway. Yeah, pull right here. Chris and Quill went and visited. Hey, how are you doing? Hi. She's Friendly, but she's gonna wanna take you out before. Okay, Come on. Siegrid. So. we met Natalie Donaldson and her pit bull siegrid, and she's an army vet. She served as a military police officer, now she's a school teacher and she bought her house with a VA home loan.


Does anybody want a piece of coffee? Candy. Coffee candy. Good. I love these things right here. But It's sort of this little cottagey place and, and it's really nice, like, like the walls are like very solid colors, which makes it kind of stately and, and it's neat as a pin. I mean she's, she's just, the inside is like, everything has a place because When I come in here in the spring and that's blooming, I'm like, oh my God, that's beautiful. When she showed us around you, you could kind of hear how this house and, and the last few years of her life, which were rough. It, it, it's been a rough time and it's all kind of tangled up together. And, and at one point she, she's like pointing out to the backyard.


I used to have a meadow back there. It was so beautiful. But last spring my mom had a heart attack and then my grandpa passed like a couple months after that. And that meadow did not get the attention that it needed or deserved. So this year I just mow it all down and I'm starting over. So it's kind of scary. Back to Natalie had a very similar story to the Queens, During COVID. She had to stop working to take care of sick family, got forbearance on her VA loan, and then one day gets a word that she cannot just start up payments again. Like she thought, like the affordable OnRamp she thought that she would have was gone. And just like the Queens, she was instead presented with very bad OnRamps back to repayment.


And these will sound very familiar, OnRamp number one, pay all the money back at once more than $15,000. In this case, That's a lot of money. And she couldn't do it. And they offered her this mod On ramp number two, take a loan modification again, basically a whole new mortgage, but interest rates had gone way up. And then suddenly she's owing 1250 a month instead of $800 a month. And that just, that's a big jump. And to be clear here, this is all happening before the foreclosure pause, before that moratorium. So, so these were the only two options. The only two on-ramps for Natalie to resume payment and keep her house.


Natalie's mortgage company gives her a deadline to decide whether or not to, to take on those higher payments. Finally, the date is come and gone. And they're calling me, they're calling me every day. And, and I'm on the phone with the girl. Actually, I was in bed and, and I had the stuff spread out in front of me and she said, you have to sign it. You know you have to, otherwise we're gonna foreclose on your, on your home. And, and I'm, I'm telling her again, it's not sustainable. I can't do this. I don't know what to do. So unlike the Queens, Natalie decided to try somehow to make this loan modification thing work.


Suddenly her monthly payments were 50% higher and she picked up every spare piece of work that she could find. Tuesday I was doing one afterschool program. Thursday I was doing one afterschool pro program, and Wednesday I was doing another one. And so I'm just doing all this stuff so that I can make all this money so I can try to pay my house payment. I I mean. I just, I was just in survival mode. I just went to work. I came home, I kind of shut down. Like I, I just, I said I can't, I can't do this anymore. But she is still somehow doing it. And ironically, it, it is the fact that Natalie decided to try and make this higher mortgage thing work.


That is the problem because the bailout, the, the vast program, it is only for people who have stopped making payments and are headed towards foreclosure, which puts someone like Natalie in a, in a rough spot. I mean, so yeah, I mean what, what could happen if if she strategically defaults? It's called you just decide I'm gonna stop paying my mortgage, so I'll get behind and then I'll qualify for the help. But it's You know, it's like really, like you're gonna put people through that when you could just give 'em access to the program. Yeah. Strategic default would give some people in Natalie's situation access to the bailout program, but it would wreck Natalie's credit and, and her ability to get a loan anytime soon.


And so she's still hustling, still scraping together those way higher monthly payments. Oh, You know one, one thing. You know if, if we are in a press conference with the VA secretary McDonough, like, what, what would you wanna tell him? Like what would you wanna say? I would just say, please help me too. Help us too. Maybe it is all these other people, it's, it's fixed for them and I'm so happy for them. But I want, I need that for myself too. I, I want some semblance of what my life was before I, I did this.


Chris and Quill have been trying to figure out how many Natalie's there are out there, people who will not be helped by the big bailout plan, but, but probably still need help. So they asked, the VA did not get an answer, and then they FOIAed a bunch of documents. They, they got a bunch of documents through the Freedom of Information Act and those appeared to show that about 3000 veterans took a loan modification and ended up paying at least 25% more per month. And, and some paid a lot more. At least a thousand vets ended up with monthly payments that were 50% higher than before. Just like Natalie.


Yeah. I mean this is not the way forbearance plans are supposed to work. Right? I mean the whole point is someone has to stop paying for a bit. They need to get back on track. So you give them an affordable way to start paying again. But your payment's going up by 50% or more. Obviously something's broken, You know, but so far they're not getting any help from the VA to, to make it right. The Department of Veterans Affairs holds these press conferences every month with, with like the person in charge, the head of the VA secretary Dennis McDonough and for the last year, Good afternoon, Quill. Hey, thanks. Can y'all hear me? Yep, we got you. Basically every month We'll go to Chris.


Good afternoon, Chris. Thanks. Quill's on vacation. So you guys are stuck with me. Chris and Quill have been showing up and asking about VA mortgages And I I think you'll know that. I wanna ask you about the foreclosures. Yeah. So Quill, thanks so much. I'm glad that you asked about this question. We anticipated you might, I'm not sure why we thought that At the most recent of these press conferences. Thanks Dan. We'll go to Quill. Thanks very much This week I was in Oklahoma meeting with a former MP who served in the nineties Quill got the chance to ask the VA secretary Natalie Lee Donaldson's specific question, nothing to Help her.


So she wants to know what are you going to do to help veterans in her situation who were, as they considered duped into taking this VA forbearance, which had no on-ramp back onto solvency. And, and the the current fix doesn't seem to affect them. Yeah. Well thanks very much for the question, Quill. We are working all that data through. I don't have an, an answer on your question about similarly situated veterans and we'll, you'll be among the first to know, but I don't have any news for you on that right now. Yeah, the VA finally did give us a clear answer in a statement, and it doesn't directly address Natalie, but they said that they don't have the authority.


They say to include people like Natalie in the bailout plan. The bailout plan. They are only allowed to use to take over someone's mortgage if they have defaulted on it. And Natalie hasn't defaulted. So they did say however that people like that. They did say that veterans who were in trouble should reach out to the VA for help. I mean, look, to be clear, the VA did help a lot of veterans through this whole forbearance thing before it went off the rails and before the on-ramp got blown up. And when we learned about Ray and Becky Queen and other veterans in their situation, and we exposed this whole thing, they acted very quickly to stop foreclosures on, on veterans all across the country.


You know, so I mean, they, they seem to be very sincere about wanting to do the right thing and, and help vets. But since then it, it just, it's You know. We keep asking them about people like Natalie who ended up in, in these like brutally more expensive mortgages, this group of people like her. And now the VA is saying, well, we don't have the authority to include them in our rescue plan. That sounds like the exact same explanation that they had when we asked them, well, why did you blow up the OnRamp in the first place? And it's like, well, can't you just ask for the authority? Can't you find a workaround? I mean there are still thousands of veterans who got hurt here.


They didn't do anything wrong. But as it stands right now, You know. They, they, they are excluded from this rescue plan. As of this recording, the bailout plan, VASP has just started to be rolled out. Today's episode was produced by James Snead. It was edited by Meg Cramer And fact checked by Dania Suleman, engineering by Cena Laredo. Alex Goldmark is Planet Monies executive producer and a very, very special thanks this week to Robert Benincasa and Bob Little.


I'm Kenny Malone. This is NPR. Thanks for listening.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from s and p Global s and p Global has private companies covered. Whether you're looking for your next investment or m and a target performing peer comparables, assessing counterparty credit risk, or monitoring your supply chain s and p Capital IQ Pros, extensive private company data can give you the insights you need to gain a competitive edge. Learn how you can dive into the companies that matter most to you at s and p global.com/private company. Data


Support for the following message come from LinkedIn ads. With LinkedIn ads. you can reach professionals relevant to your business, Target them by job title, industry, company, and more by launching your next campaign with a free $100 ad credit at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.