
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


This episode originally ran in 2018 and it is likely to save you money and make you giggle in 2025. This is Planet Money from NPR Judge, please. This is a custom support protection for, Hey, I'm just leaving a voice memo for myself. I'm In the Shannon Airport in Shannon, Ireland on my way back to the United States. To New York, there is this picture wall, giant pictures of all the famous people who have come through here. So you know they have like John F. Kennedy, and there's Fidel Castro and Boris Yeltsin. And there is one photo that was sort of amazing.


There's a picture of the president of Ireland. Next to him is someone called Dr. Brendan Ogan, and he's sort of out of focus. You can see he's wearing a Natty suit. He's got a nice little pocket square, and it says that Dr. Ogan was the person responsible for this airport for basically developing the Shannon International Airport. And most importantly, he created the world's first airport duty free shop. You know, the duty free shop, the place where you get the perfume and the chocolates and all the liquor. First one was here, and before I got on the flight, I just wanted to rush quickly over and take a look at what was the world's first duty free.


A lot of scarves, little jewelry. Where's the perfume? Hello, darling. How's it going? This is Jesse Baker. I'm buying Sheep. Oh, they're adorable. Cliche, but My children don't judge. I think duty free shops are supported on people who forgot to get gifts for their children. I didn't Forget, I've just been busy. You getting them at the duty free shop? Hey. Hey. No shame here. I bought chocolates for my kids. What? 2 0 6 to New York. That's my flight. I gotta go. Hello, and welcome to Planet Money. I'm Robert Smith here with International Jet Setter and former duty free addict Karen Duffer.


This is true. Back in my corporate days, I did spend a lot of time and money and duty free shops. It seems like these days we are locked in this epic battle between those who want free trade across borders and those who wanna put up barriers. An early skirmish in this economic war happened at an airport along the banks of the Shannon River in Ireland. Today on the show we have the story of Brendan o Regan, a former bartender turned entrepreneur who said, let the world have its sier tax free. And we'll answer the question. I know that I have asked over and over again, are we really saving any money at the Duty


Free shop Support for NPR? And the following message come from ID Tech. Id Tech is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people, the battle bots, game design, and more people. Go to id tech.com and use code ID tech to save $150 this summer.


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. So when you wanna reach the right professionals, use LinkedIn ads. Target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash money. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


The story of duty free starts with a bit of Irish luck. In the 1940s when people were traveling from New York to London or Paris, they were in these propeller planes and to refuel, they had to land In the first runway they saw after crossing the Atlantic. And that was Western Ireland County, Claire along the Shannon River. And so here was this former mud flat that all of a sudden became the grand gateway to Europe In the forties and fifties. Every famous person that crossed the Atlantic almost certainly wound up going through Shannon. So movie stars, presidents, prime ministers, kings and queens. Yes, they, they all landed at Shannon.


They all had to land Athan an airport. Brian O'Connell was a businessman In the region, still lives there. And he says that everyone realized pretty quickly that they needed to upgrade the local amenities for all these movie stars. In those days, the airplane ride from the United States was long and uncomfortable and bumpy. Sometimes it was even in these flying boats, basically planes that would land on water. You were probably tired. You could be cold because obviously the, particularly the flying boats flew quite low over the Atlantic compared with planes today. So people were looking forward particularly to good food and good drink. This is when our duty free hero, Dr.


Brendan o Regan, enters the story. Don't let the doctor part fool you. It is an honorary degree. Brendan o Regan had been a bartender, a hotel clerk, a caterer, and when the Shannon Airport realized that all the movie stars were coming, they needed someone quick, they hired Brendan O'Regan to feed them. He was a man who was very soft spoken, quiet, calm. There was no nonsense about him. When The movie stars got there, pictures taken, you could sometimes see O'Regan In the background. He's a dapper man with sandy hair slicked back. O'Regan had this knack for promotion from the very beginning, rather than continental cuisine, which is what they were serving at airports everywhere.


He served Irish food, but he dolled it up with all these place names. Oh look, this is Kerry Lamb and Dublin prawns and Limerick butter. And when he would serve whiskey In the coffee, he topped it off with this thick layer of local cream. And he named it the very first Irish coffee. Wait. Oh, Reagan created the very first Irish coffee. It's delicious. Irish coffee is the best There at the Shannon Airport. And he ran this little kiosk next to the restaurant and it was, it was nothing. Really. Little mini bottles of whiskey and trinkets and cheap stuff. But the important point here is that everything was always taxed back in those days. Well, not everything, because Reagan noticed that there was this loophole In the British Isles.


It had been a tradition that sailors about to head off on a long sea voyage could bring onboard rum and whiskey without paying duties. Yep. Which, I don't know why, why would they do that? Just to keep, keep the crews happy or I think that's right. Yeah, I'd suggest that must have been an element of it or have them sleep off a lot of the time. I don't know. But that was a tradition that went way back to, I think 17th century or way, way, way back hundreds of years. And strangely, this loophole was still in effect. In Reagan's day in 1950, he was on a trip to the United States and he decides not to fly back to Shannon, but to take a cruise ship. The SS America and Reagan notices when he is on board that the alcohol In the ship is way less expensive than the stuff he's been serving at the airport.


All this alcohol and tobacco was been sold duty free Because they were in international waters. This is like the law of the high seas. They Were, they were on the high seas. So he said, wait, now we're competing with these guys by air. It's not fair that I can't have the same tax advantages they had. And this was the genius of Brendan Ogan. He went to the Irish government and he said essentially, what are airplanes but boats of the sky? That's Kind of true. True. And what are airline passengers but modern day sailors of the clouds, right. Do they not also deserve their tax-free rum and perfume and HaBO brand gummy bears? They Were not HaBO brand gummy bears. His exact words are lost to history.


But we do know that a lot of people In the Irish government said, wait, tax free. Are you kidding me? Because every department of finance, every customs people worldwide resist giving away tax revenue. Sure. And particularly in this case, morally the idea who you, who's benefiting out of this wealthy people who fly the Atlantic in planes. I mean, that's only a tiny percent of the population. Why should we do any good for them? The government stood to lose a lot of money if they went with this tax free scheme. Because in some cases, when you buy alcohol, most of the price tag is actually taxes. Yeah. For for example, I mean, just even taking today, if you buy a bottle of wine down the street here In the United States, there is a duty added to the cost of that wine if the wine comes from overseas.


But even if the wine is made In the United States, there is a federal excise tax on alcohol added to the price. And then each and every state adds their own excise taxes to the wine. And This is all hidden In the price tag. Plus then when you bring the wine to the counter, often you have to pay sales tax again on the total. Brendan O'Regan said to the Irish government, yes, yes, you will lose some money in taxes, but In the long run, If we do this, we'll attract people to come to Shannon. If we track people to come to Shannon, they'll see Ireland. Some of them might decide to go and visit the place. We'll make people aware of Irish goods.


Irish whiskey was not properly, it was, it was minuscule In the US compared with scotch whiskey. And we'll make money because I've the franchisee of, of this government owned airport. And I'll, you're making the profits so I'll, I'll make you a lot more profits. And particularly I'll make you dollar profits. Dollar Profits. So Ireland said, alright, let's try it. But we are keeping you on a very short leash. Or Reagan opened the first duty free shop In the Shannon Airport in 1951. Okay. It was only for passengers. And he did this trick that you'll recognize from today. It was located between the lounge and the restaurant, so you had to walk through it to get to anything.


I hate That. No, this is brilliant. And just like he had promised the government, he featured local foods and crafts. I saw an early photo hanging In the airport. There's a picture of Gene Kelly, the the, the old dancer from the old days buying butter or cheese or something, and he's at the duty free and they're selling what looks like a ham, bacon, honey, cheese jam and eggs. Wait, was this like a farmer's market In the airport? I think the local stuff was kind of for show, because honestly from the beginning this was all about cigarettes and alcohol. Whiskey and smokes were apparently one third the price you would pay outside the airport.


It was so cheap that the Irish government was paranoid that Irish gangs would try to smuggle alcohol out of the airport. I mean, you could make a Fortune. Right? They required O Reagan to take inventory three times a day. He had to account for every single bottle. If he accidentally dropped or misplaced a single bottle, he would have to pay all the taxes on it. And this was a hit within just six months. Oregon had to expand the store because all of these other manufacturers wanted their products in there too. I mean, this was a captive market of rich people. Sure. On vacation. Yeah. So in came the, like a cameras and the Omega Swiss watches And even relatively inexpensive products discovered that they could get some of that airport glamor by just getting placed between the Chanel number five and the cuckoo clocks.


At least that's what Mr. Tobler of Switzerland thought. Mr. Tobler was a, was a real person. I can, Mr. Toler. Theodore Tobler. Theodore Tobler, who created the chocolate bar, Not just any chocolate bar, the Toblerone, a triangular prism of deliciousness. It was sold in that very first Shannon Duty free shop. Tom Armitage is an executive with Mondelez International, which owns Toro. The word comes from the combination, obviously is his surname. Toler with the Italian word to which means it's kind of like nuka. It's kind of like that nutty, chewy toffee kind of Contraction.


No, we'd say Ugat. Ugat. Sorry, that's my, That's my birthday coming. I don't think I've ever said it out loud. Noga. I just called it nga, but we can call it Nugget if you No Newgate. Anyway, but I know that duty free was a huge break for the chocolate bar, which is odd because there aren't really heavy duties and taxes on chocolate, not like alcohol, but it did fit the duty free aesthetic. It was kind of weird, fancy looking. Yet you could buy it with leftover change in your pocket from what you didn't spend on that Swiss watch. Exactly. It would take a few more years for to Barone and the duty-free concept to spread worldwide. All these international delegations would visit Reagan shop and they saw how much he was making and they thought, wait a minute, anyone could do this.


Amsterdam opened the second duty-free shop In the world in their airport in 1957. In 1962, a private company, DFS opened the first duty free shop In the United States in Hawaii. Tom Armitage, the Toone guy, says that the numbers just took off from there. Duty free stores will do $70 billion worth of business just this year. Wow. 5 billion of that is candy. And Tom will give you the chocolate stats all day long. If you thought of duty free as a country, it would be the ninth biggest chocolate market In the world. Wow. Okay. The ninth biggest chocolate market In the world, effectively just, just behind France and just ahead of India.


So more people buy chocolate and duty free than buy chocolate in India By value. That's right. These days, Toblerone makes special chocolate bars specifically designed for duty free. And it's actually, if you think about it, the perfect place for test marketing and data gathering. Yeah. It's the one kind of store where you know which customers will show up when. So if the flight from Paris to New York, JFK takes off at 1:28 PM then the duty free store is filled with Americans right at noon, and you can test new products on them. So we've done dark chocolate, toone, milk, chocolate toone, crunchy almond toone, fruit and nuts Toone messaging, for example, on the Toone sleeve.


Wait, wait, wait. What does, what does the message say? I forgot to get you a a gift in Paris and, and here's a toone I got at the airport. It would say, for example, I love you. Aw. Or thinking of you, The duty free store concept. The idea behind it became so big, so powerful in marketing that people sort of forgot about that original duty free shop In the Shannon Airport. And once long range passenger jets were invented, not as many people needed to stop over in rural Ireland for an Irish coffee. And Because Brendan O'Regan didn't try to own the concept, he sadly did not become a duty free billionaire, but other businessmen would. But you know, Reagan remained a hero of Ireland.


He helped set up tax-free manufacturing zones. He became obsessed with the way that trade could help world peace. And he set up all of these two-way peace exchanges between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland that people say were really instrumental in creating the peace process there. Brian O'Connell has just published a new biography of Brendan o Regan, so he's a little biased a Tad, But he believes that that first little store In the airport changed the world. If he hadn't done it, there would be no airport duty free business In the world. It wouldn't ever have taken off, in my opinion. Really, the argument that, you know, why are we doing favors for wealthy people or traveling would've been a big factor When you put it that way.


Who would've approve that now? Yeah. You'd have shops at airports, but the duty free industry would not have developed. It was Reagan's gift to all of us travelers, but exactly how generous a gift was it. We'll have the answer after the break.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When is the right time to sell a stock? What is the best way to steer your portfolio through an unsteady market? Financial decisions can be tricky. Financial Decoder is an original podcast from Charles Schwab host Mark Repe. Head of the Schwab Center for Financial Research offers practical solutions to help overcome cognitive and emotional biases that may affect our investing decisions. Listen at schwab.com/financial decoder, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from Apple Card, searching for a hassle-free way to help you grow your savings. Then look no further than the high-yield savings account. You can open through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card In the wallet app today and see a credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, parents invest in so many things to enrich kids' lives. But are you investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at Greenlight dot com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lands End Outfitters. You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all clothing Land's End Outfitters creates apparel your employees truly want to wear. See why Land's End Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business.lanzen.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business.lanzen.com/pod 20. Code pod 20.


So that was the history of Duty free. But now the psychology of Duty free, because when I walk through these places in airport, there is this strange feeling that comes over me. I feel like I'm part of this exclusive club. You know, I've just paid hundreds of dollars for a ticket. I've presented my passport. There's people with guns guarding it, and then I walk through and it's so bright and it's filled with all these vices of cigarettes and alcohol, So many Scotches, So many scotches and whiskeys. And also you're a little bored. So it's basically the classic setup to spend too much money By design.


Obviously, we actually tried to find a definitive study to find out how much of a break you're really getting at duty free. Yes, there are no taxes, but you have to pay for all this very expensive airport retail space. So It's almost impossible to figure out the bottom line. Every duty free store has different prices, different exchange rates, and the tax break depends on how much tax you usually pay back at home. So I tried to get at least some anecdotal data. I was traveling with my family through the Milan airport in Italy, and my daughter Elsie, And I spent an hour logging all the prices. Here's a carton of Camel cigarettes, 39.5 Euros, Sier, VSOP, 48.5 Euros, Jameson, 24 Euros.


I'll buy that. That could be a deal. 17 euros. That's 18.2 euros. You saved 7.8 Euros. See? And what was your verdict on duty free? It depends. I know that is not the answer you want to hear. I will tell you that tax free cigarettes are criminally cheap under $5 a pack. And they're almost three times that here in New York City. So if you want cigarettes, you should buy cigarettes and duty free. But other deals are harder to find. So my daughter, Elsie, is a expert in makeup. Okay. So Giorgio Armani, a luminous silk foundation, Natural, silky, lightweight fluid.


It is 49 euros, which is really expensive. Wow. Likes 49 euros for this tiny little foundation. No, that for that one, that's still not that much. That's so expensive. No, no, That's just the display one. This is the one you Buy. See, I would never pay that much, But I checked here in New York and not the worst price for Giorgio Armani. So that's a buy. But when it comes to alcohol, there is no logic. The American whiskeys in Milan are two thirds the price of what you would pay here In the United States. Wait, even Though they ship it all the way to Milan And Then you have to carry it all the way back. True. But Corvassier from France next door to Italy was more expensive In the duty free than is here in New York.


And Toones, I hate to disappoint you. We're almost double the US price. Wait. So if we aren't always getting a huge deal on products and the governments are losing out on tax revenue, then what's the point? Well, here's my theory on this. It's that, you know, when Ireland first started duty free, it was this true bargain for the flyer. And Ireland got all these benefits from the extra tourist business. But then what happens is this sort of race to the bottom, every other airport starts to offer the exact same tax breaks just to compete. And Then once everyone has a duty free shop, then there's pressure just to make your airport's duty free shop bigger and brighter and fancier. Exactly. Everyone ends up with this sort of expensive shopping mall and somewhere in all of this, the tax break concept just sort of gets lost.


Prices start to sneak back up because who can really tell? And suddenly the people making the money are not the travelers, but the shops themselves and the airports, which you'll notice are now redesigning themselves to provide even more space for duty free. Okay, cosmopolitans. If you spot a glitch In the international trade system, we would love to hear about it. We are At Planet Money In the Usual Places and Planet Money at npr.org on email. This episode of Planet Money was originally produced by Sally Helm and Megan Tan and edited by Bryant Urstadt.


This version was produced by Willow Rubin. Our executive producer is Alex Goldmark. I'm Jeff Glow. I'm Karen Din. And I'm Robert Smith. Thanks for listening. You wanna bring one of your friends a nice salami? No, they don't want


that. This message comes from NPR sponsor Vanta. Whether you are a startup founder navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Visit vanta.com/ planetmoney today to receive $1,000 off


support for the


following message comes from LinkedIn ads as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the digital ad space can be. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. By using LinkedIn ads, you can reach professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Target them by job title, industry, company, and more. Get a $100 credit on your next campaign at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Insperity, providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters.