
This message comes from NPR sponsor Ultra Software by UL Solutions. Ultra Software helps companies drive innovation, meet regulatory requirements, and get safer, sustainable products to market. Learn more@ultrus.com slash npr.


This Is Planet Money from NPR Of all the homegrown American art forms like jazz or tap dance or abstract expressionism. Is there anything more quintessentially American than advertisements for lawyers? Tales of justice? Yes. Here is one for a lawyer in Texas. He's called the Texas La Hawk. Hell, How Cold de la leg Brian Wilson. He's wearing a suit and tie trying to convince the citizens of Texas to call him when they get in trouble, all while riding a mini dirt bike.


Two process, two wheelies. Another great one is from Learner and Row Law Group outta Arizona. Every time he hit the road, you're faced with a lot of possible danger. This is two grown men, distinguished members of the bar dressed up as Mario and Luigi driving around in like Mario Kar cars. If you are hurting a wreck and you don't call Learn on Monroe, it's, It's a me your lawyer. But my old time favorite is this one from a firm in Missouri that calls itself the Jungle Law Group. Boston Illegal Jungle, have no fear. The law man is here.


Yeah. Here is a lawyer swinging across the screen on a vine like Georgia, the jungle style, and he's like half naked, face dismissed. Call me one, eight, three, three for jungle. The lawman never sleeps. It wasn't that long ago that none of these ads would be allowed, not because they're tacky, but because for most of the 20th century lawyers were basically not allowed to advertise Until a few of them did the unthinkable. They put this ad in a newspaper. This sounds so quaint. Now. Do you need a lawyer? Legal services have very reasonable fees. Divorce or legal separation. Uncontested $175 plus $20.


Court filing fee, preparation of all court papers and instructions on how to do your own. And welcome to Planet Money. I'm Nick Fountain. And I'm Jeff Quo. There was a time back in the day when lawyers couldn't come out with clever TV ads or billboards or bus station ads. It was all forbidden Today on the show. how that changed how we went from a boring ad in a local newspaper to lawyers who will do things like swing through a fake jungle on a fake vine. And how along the way, the right to advertise got put on the same level as some of the most important fundamental rights we have.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly. Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time. It goes beyond basic grammar. To help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click, all without leaving the page they're on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to Grammarly dot com slash enterprise to learn more.


Grammarly Enterprise Ready ai. The story of how the US got blanketed with advertisements for lawyers on billboards and bus stop ads and TV and radio starts In the 1970s in Phoenix, Arizona. Two young attorneys had just started a new firm. Their names were John Bates and Van Osteen. The first decision they had to make, according to John Bates, what to call their new firm, Bates and Osteen or Osteen and Bates. So he said, okay, here's what we'll do. We'll flip a coin and you, the person who wins has the choice of even have their name first, or they can have the nicest office. 'cause we had, we had one office that was much, Bates had been name, so I, I, so I, so I won, and I said, okay, it's Legal Clinic of Bates and Osteen, and he got the nice big office.


So I, that's fine. That's, that's how that got started. The idea behind Bates and Osteen was to create a low cost law firm for the masses. This was kind of revolutionary at the time. The rich of Course had access to lawyers. Absolutely no problem. They just go and ask their rich buddy at the golf course. You know, who do you recommend? And boom, they got somebody. And for the poor, there were public defenders and legal aid. But for the rest of the population, AKA, the vast majority of people hiring a lawyer was an ordeal. John says, the middle class just didn't have that many options. There was nothing out there. Nothing. There was not only an ability to find one, but they, there were no specialized law firms dealing with the problems of that segment of society.


So, we had that too. Bates and Osteen would not be like the other law firms. No. They were gonna be like an assembly line for everyday legal needs. They were gonna specialize in simple cases that they could get done quickly and that they could charge a small fee for Divorce, adoptions, name changes, bankruptcy, stuff like that. Maybe some landlord tender stuff. So you were creating just a workhorse law firm. Yeah. I mean it was devoted to kind of common problems that people had. Yeah, It was a volume business. Well, that's the problem. Yeah. Pretty soon, John and Van realized they had a big problem. The classic problem of any volume business, when your margins are low, in order to make a profit, you need to get a lot of people in the door.


But they couldn't find clients, or rather clients couldn't find them. And the reason is, well, that is what this show is all about. They couldn't advertise. In the early 1970s, lawyers were essentially banned from advertising. I'm assuming you couldn't go out into traffic with a big sandwich board and say the No, the Legal Clinic of Bates at osd. No, no, no. Can you put your name on a pencil? Give that out. No. No. Can you advertise in a newspaper? No. Can you advertise on tv on the radio? Oh, No. of Course. Not. You would be disbarred for that. Yeah. Disbarred is a pretty big deal in the law.


Very serious thing. This anti advertising rule came from the Arizona bar. The bar is like a professional guild. Every state has one, and they control who gets the call themselves a lawyer, and practice the law. In fact, full disclosure, I'm a lawyer and I had to join a bar. Yes. Now, every state bar at the time had rules banning lawyers from advertising. The reason they gave was that advertising was unprofessional, un gentlemanly, maybe even unethical in their minds. Advertising would lead to this race to the bottom, quality wise, and create an industry full of skeevy lawyers. It was a slippery slope from advertising to ambulance chasing.


Instead, the state bar expected lawyers to attract clients by getting referrals from other lawyers, or in the oldest fashioned way, just waiting for clients to waltz into their offices. But from John's point of view, the bars ban on advertising made it much harder for new law firms like his and Vans to get clients. It was a barrier to them and to new entrants in general. Well, Yeah. It was Monopoly. Yeah. Pretty much. Sure. Yeah. I mean. Most attorneys would try to start their own firm. They'd say, wow, you're gonna start your own firm. How are you gonna make that happen? You're just a young guy at a law school. Nobody knows you're there. How are you gonna start? That was exactly the problem that John and Van were running into Without advertising, they couldn't get enough clients to make their business work, And so they make a fateful move.


They decide, screw it. Let's risk getting in trouble with the bar and put an ad in the newspaper. The one we heard in the beginning, Divorce or legal separation. Uncontested $175 plus $20, court filing Fee, and this right here, this is the ad that changed everything. Information regarding other types of cases furnished upon request. Legal Clinic of Bates and Steen. Got it. Anyway, that's what it was. John knew they'd immediately get in trouble with the Arizona bar. In fact, he was kind of hoping they'd get some free publicity out of it. So when the Arizona bar hauled them before a disciplinary committee, they were ready. They already lined up their own lawyer, and they filed an appeal saying that the bar's ban on advertising was illegal.


Might even violate the Constitution. Their case went to the highest court in Arizona. They lost, but that meant they could take it all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States. That is after the break.


This message comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Try at BetterHelp dot com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Sun and ski sports. Soccer at six. Volleyball at seven. Parent life from Stanley Cups to bog bags. Sun and ski carries the gear. Parents need gear up and relax. Sun and ski sports, where parenthood meets game day,


So it's a bitterly cold day In January in 1977, John and Van are headed to the Supreme Court. They put on their suits and ties. They walk up the marble steps, and they sit down on the long wooden benches. John says, kind of felt like going to church. Everybody who's ever visited the Supreme Court will tell you it's a lot more intimate than you'd expect. The judges are pretty much in your face, all nine of them sitting in a row. The Chief Justice announces the case. We'll hear arguments next in 76, 3 16 Bates and others against the State Bar of Arizona. The Chief Justice of the United States was saying your name.


Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah. Yeah. John and Van's lawyer gets up. He goes up to the lectern and starts making their arguments. Mr. Chief Justice, may I please the court? John says, you could hear every creak of the benches and cough from the audience. Yeah. It was so quiet that when John turned a van to say something, one of the court police immediately noticed John had violated the number one rule of being in the audience, which is Don't talk Right away. The guy, the guard said, pointed at me and said, you one more time, You know. And I was thinking, wait a minute. I'm the guy. He You know it's me, that this is all about you can't throw me out. I'm the bats. It's me Bates.


But yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that's the thought that went through my head that I thought, boy, you better watch out. You know you don't wanna get thrown outta your own case. 'cause I would've been thrown outta it. Now, the lawyer representing John and Van, he tried a couple different arguments that day, but the most interesting one and the most controversial was based on this brand new kind of wacky legal theory that advertising is protected by the First Amendment. You know, free speech. Yeah. John and Van had landed themselves in the middle of this huge revolution in how we think about the First Amendment. Up until this point, when people thought about the First Amendment, they were thinking like newspaper editorials, our political cartoons, not ads for Kleenex or whatever, But in the courtroom that day, sitting on the benches, there was this guy, a guy who had been quietly working to change all of that.


Alan Morrison, a LAN, Morrison, gotta get that spelling. Gotta get that spelling right. Alan is the person who came up with that weird new legal theory about the First Amendment. I, I won't agree that It's weird. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll say it's innovative, and that's what we tried to be, And we're gonna spend some time with Alan because this idea that he came up with, it's become kind of legendary. It's low key, changed how the economy works. The story goes like this. Back in the early seventies, Alan was this hotshot young lawyer working for the consumer rights crusader, Ralph Nader. They ran this law firm that represented consumers and the public. They would sue big corporations, big government agencies.


The, The ideology was, we were little guys. We were gonna sue the big guys. A big focus for Alan was ending this ban on lawyer advertisements. He had started looking into it years before John and Van got in trouble with the Arizona bar, but Alan came at it from a different angle. Yeah. From the side of consumers. Alan thought that a lot of advertising was good for consumers, could give them valuable information about the market, even help drive down prices, and Alan had the perfect lawsuit to test this idea. He'd been cultivating a very interesting case in Virginia. It was about pharmacies, right? Back in the 1970s, lawyers weren't the only ones who were banned from advertising. There were statutes in Virginia, and I think 35 states that made it illegal to advertise the price of prescription drugs.


The pharmacists couldn't advertise that we'll sell this insulin drug for X and and our competitors are selling it for X times two. Absolutely forbidden. And Alan being the consumer rights lawyer that he was, he thought this was terrible for customers. Yeah. When pharmacists can't advertise their prices, it's much harder for customers to comparison shop. This is where Alan came up with his revolutionary idea. His new idea was that advertisements were so important that they should be protected by the Constitution, by the First Amendment. And you have to understand at the time just how absolutely wackadoo this idea was.


Yeah. 'cause the way people had always thought about the First Amendment, it was about securing democracy. It was about giving people the right to criticize their government. It wasn't about commercial speech. It wasn't about advertising. In Fact, Alan's idea went directly against Supreme Court precedent. The court had literally said, nobody has a First Amendment right to advertise. But that was not gonna stop Alan. He was a hotshot young lawyer who wasn't afraid of any precedent, and one day he thought he might have found a workaround. I felt like You know. Oops, we got an idea. You see, most of the time when courts talk about the First Amendment, they're talking about someone's right to speak, to say something, but Alan was like, hold on.


There's this other side to the First Amendment. The people who want to hear you, the listeners, they have First Amendment rights. Alan's idea was to focus on the listeners. So instead of arguing that pharmacists in Virginia have a First Amendment right to advertise, he argued that the pharmacists customers, that people of Virginia had a right to listen, to, receive and have access to information about drug prices through advertising. And yeah, that was a controversial idea. I remember I had a conversation with a neighbor of mine. It was a lawyer at a big firm, nice guy, very smart, and I told him about the case. He said, ah, you have no chance of winning. I said, well, I don't know about that.


And I was right, and he was wrong. Yeah. This Virginia Pharmacy case went all the way to the Supreme Court, and Alan won. He got the court to basically overturn its own precedent. And. you know, in the end, what really seemed to convince the justices was this economic argument that Alan had made. The Federal Trade Commission had done a study, and the study showed that in the States where advertising of prescription drugs was permitted, the price of those drugs dropped dramatically as compared to the states where it wasn't permitted. Basically, free speech through advertisements equals lower prices.


Alan had convinced the court that free speech wasn't just important for politics or democracy. It was also important to the economy that the free flow of economic information was essential to having You know a free market society. Alan's weird legal theory had become the new Supreme Court precedent advertising or commercial speech that was now protected under the First Amendment. Which brings us back to John and Van's argument at the Supreme Court. Remember, their goal was to make it possible for lawyers to advertise, and their lawyer gets up there and he basically says, if pharmacy ads are protected by the First Amendment, then lawyer ads should be protected too.


I submit that all of the elements, which the court found commanded First Amendment protection in Virginia State Board of Pharmacy are present in this case, And it works. The justices vote five, four, and the majority felt like these advertisements were protected speech because they spread useful information about prices and legal services. John and Van had won their case. Lawyers were now allowed to advertise, and initially ads for lawyers were kind of quaint, but they soon spread from newspapers to billboards, to the radio and to television these days. To be a successful lawyer, it's often not enough to just be good at You.


know the lawyering part. You also have to be good at selling yourself. Maybe You know, even swing on a vine half naked, the law man never Sleeps. Every time you hit the road, your faced with a lot of possible danger, Tales of justice. At the same time, advertising has created a world where there are just much more low cost legal services out there. People have more access to lawyers. There's more competition in the market, And that commercial speech doctrine that Allen pioneered and John and Van pushed forward, where the government has to tread lightly when regulating advertising, it kind of took on a life of its own. Yeah. Allen's Virginia Board of Pharmacy case went way beyond just pharmacists or even lawyers.


This is a case that is taught in every law school because it completely changed how companies are allowed to talk to their customers. Yeah. It has been used to defend ads for liquor and cigarettes and gambling. It's one of the reasons we have so many drug ads on television these days. Alan's case opened up a kind of Pandora's pill box. So Are you the person who's responsible for like all of those prescription drug commercials we see on TV now, like Cy Lanam mom may give you heartache and dizziness. That's, that's, that's you. You opened the door to that. Yep. I guess. I guess, but, but, but one of the great inventions of modern times is the mute button.


Ellen says, yeah, when he's watching TV nowadays, he does find some of those ads distasteful, but in the end, he has no regrets. Should we do the credits? Double speed, triple speed, like in the pharma ads? We can try it. Nick, This episode was produced by Samuel Lawrence, kisser with helpful from Cho d, with by in fact, by Sierra. I'm gonna do that against Slow, because they deserve it. They deserve it. This episode was produced by Sam Yellow Horse Kessler, with help from Sean Saldana, who was edited by Jess Jang and FactCheck by Sierra Juarez, engineering by Valentina Rodriguez Sanchez. Alice Goldmark is our executive producer. Special thanks to Van Osteen. He declined a recorded interview, but he kindly talked to me about the story.


The Supreme Court audio you heard today comes from Oye, a free law project at the Legal Information Institute at Cornell. I'm Jeff Glow. And I'm Nick Foun. This is NPR. thank you for listening.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's Flex Path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Support for the following message. come from LinkedIn ads. With LinkedIn ads. you can reach professionals relevant to your business, Target them by job title, industry, company, and more by launching your next campaign with a free $100 ad credit at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.