
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, This is Radiolab. I'm Latif Nasser. So recently you may have seen just a rash of headlines about people using artificial intelligence for their mental health. There are all these therapist bots and just even people using regular chat bots to help them find solutions to their problem, to calm them down, to just looking for somebody to even just to listen. And I don't know, I'm not sure what to think of any of it for a lot of different reasons, but partially because the AI doesn't know anything, it's just taking an unimaginable amount of our words, scrambling them up and generating something relevant and helpful, and maybe even intelligent seeming.


But it doesn't actually know what any of those words mean. Ultimately, all it's doing is parroting our language back at us. And yet I know a lot of people find it very helpful to talk to. All of that got me to thinking about a very different story that we made here at the show years ago. A story where similarly, a person who needs help is helped by something. And it's unclear if that's something really knows how it's helping or whether it's helping. We originally heard this back in 2011, so That was years before chat GPT, but it's sort of a low tech way of doing the same thing of parroting your language back to you to help you.


So today, I wanna play that story for you. Here it is. A Flock of Two. Yeah. Wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab from WNYC. See? Yeah. Rewind. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Krulwich. This is Radiolab the podcast. And we're going to St. Louis. Yeah. Nice, nice and direct. This comes from our, our producer Pat Balter. It's the story of a rescue, a double rescue. Really? And it's one we've been wanting to tell for a while because Walters, So a few months ago I went to St.


Louis 'cause I'd heard this story about a guy she's still in her backpack, who had this pet that basically saved his life. And the pet is a bird. It's about this guy named Jim Eggers. Oh, You're recording. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna record. I wasn't Including him in this. And in 2005, Jim was living by himself in a little apartment in St. Louis, working In a Halloween industry. It Was the winter. So Jim had just finished up his latest season at the local haunted house. I've done the Halloween stuff for 19 years. What do you do? Most of the time I've been in costumes and so forth, or wear masks, You know, like jumping out from behind dark corners and scaring people.


I can Scream and you know, go nuts. Which is kind of a strange gig for a guy like Jim because he has a really hot temper. What's your, what's technically your diagnosis? I have a bipolar disorder with psychotic tendencies. And what that pretty much is, is when I'm having a mood swing or whatnot, I can become extremely dangerous and violent. While I was there, he was totally calm. But Jim tells me that once he feels a mood swing start coming on, It feels like real strange. And tingly Might just be a few seconds before All of a sudden, boom, here you are. Like the incredible hawk.


Yeah. Have you ever, have you ever physically attacked someone and hurt them? Yeah. Jim's known around his neighborhood for just losing it from time to time. He shouts at people on the street, punches, dents in people's cars. One time he even poured hot coffee from a second story window onto his neighbor's head. I go off on people and they, it's horrible. And if you ask Jim, he'll tell you, this all goes back to when he was seven. At The age of seven, I lost my kid brother in the Mississippi River. I saw him drown. And You saw, you saw him drown? Yeah, I witnessed him drowning.


We wandered away from home. We were not properly supervised by my parents. And I told my brother not to go over into the river because it was deep. He didn't listen to me. And then the currents dragged him down. I saw him bob up and down three times. And the third time he didn't come back up. And I was pleading with God, you know, crying, please bring him back. I'm gonna be in trouble. And when Jim's parents found out, they blamed him, You know, it was my fault. My brother drowned. I should have been, you know, I should have saved him. And then other times they told me that, you know, they wish it was me that died instead of my brother. And then when he was 16, Jim's mom threw him outta the house.


She just said one day, get out Jim. Yeah. And she said she didn't want me over there anymore. Get out. After that, Jim's life kind of spiraled outta control. He ended up living on the streets for years and just getting angrier and angrier at everyone around him. And then in 2005, which is where our part of the story begins, Jim did something that got him in very serious trouble. Tell me about the archbishop situation. Okay. As far as the Arch, he'd been reading news reports about sexual abuse in the Catholic church. And for reasons that aren't entirely clear, Jim had become convinced that the local Archbishop, Archbishop, Raymond Burke, Was involved in covering this stuff up, Bailing out priest that have sexually assaulted children and so forth.


And one day He was watching the news and he saw Burke on there, Like on the 12 o'clock news, Talking about something, can't remember what. And at that point, I mapped and picked up a phone, dialed the archdiocese asked him to connect me to his office, which like, idiot idiot idiots they did. And when they did, I told him, you know, I oughta come down and kill you. I said, I may even do that. Sunday. A couple hours later, Jim went out to run some errands. And when I head out the door, here were the police.


Jim ended up getting sentenced to a year of probation just a few weeks into his probation. Something happened that would basically set the story that we're telling about Jim in motion, like a Year's probation. It's a typical Sunday morning. And Jim's at church and he runs into this couple, These people that own variety bird shop in Valley Park. The husband stopped me and said, well, we know where you can get an African gray pair. And they told me that she came with a cage. I said, why? Why? Why would they approach you? Well, I was putting a hundred dollars aside every month to pay for a baby African gray parrot. And you have to understand that Jim is kind of an animal nut. He's had dogs and cats, Guinea pigs and stuff like that His whole life.


Never a bird. But when Jim read about these African gray parrots, he became kind of obsessed with getting one. 'cause I knew they were highly intelligent and they were a lot of fun. So when the bird shop people came up to Jim and said, we can get you an African gray parrot. And She comes with a cage for $550. Jim thinks to himself, that's like half what I was gonna pay. So he says, you Know, I'll go ahead and take it. Yeah. Because That Was too good of a deal to pass up. That Was a catch though. The bird wasn't at the shop. It was being sold by this local kid who was just trying to get rid of her. I went over there and she looked absolutely horrible 'cause this kid didn't take care of her. She was about a foot tall. You want some Peanut butter?


She had a black beak, pretty yellow eyes too piercing, yellow eyes, bright red And tail feathers. But when Jim first saw her, oh, She didn't have any flight feathers in her left wing. 'cause she torn all of them out. Yeah, she was plucking her feathers. See something, Huh? Which is this awful thing birds do when they get really stressed And hey, I mean, she looked horrible. I almost wanted to say no after I saw her, But he knew he couldn't just leave her there. So he paid the kid, Took her home, and gave her lots of loving and care. And within like three days, she bowed her head.


That means she pretty much bonded with me. Like the third week I owned her, I was in a another room on the telephone and, and she's like, Hey Jim, do you want a beer? And it's like, I don't drink beer. She Would say that to you? Yeah. She asked me if I wanted a beer. And then she'd ask, tell me stuff like, will you get me a beer? You know, made me choke on my coffee. But a few weeks later, Sadie started imitating Jim. Yeah.


She'll impersonate a little chuckle that I do. It's like, it's even better than Elmo could laugh. And Sadie spent more time with Jim. She learned to say words and phrases. And then one day, Several weeks after I had her, Something kind of wonderful happened. I came home and I was like in a really bad mood. And I knew I had to do something. One of those moments when Jim could just feel he was about to lose control. So I was trying to talk myself into calming down. What would that, what would that sound like? I was talking to myself and was telling myself, calm down. You'll be okay. Everything's fine.


You know, and, and you know, it's not so bad. And then she Started repeating it, Saying, calm down, you'll be okay. Everything's fine. Exactly. Just like Jim was saying word for Word. I was like, wow. And it's like, that gives me an ideal. Jim started rewarding Sadie every time she said something that might help calm him down. Like, you know, you'll, You'll be okay. Treat everything's fine. It's not as bad as you think. Treat. Shut up. Treat. I don't want to hear it. Treat. I love you, Jim. And you'll make a kissing sound. Treat, treat. It just goes on and on and on. So Jim went online and actually found this special kind of cage that you can carry around on your back.


Then I took her with me just everywhere. Even got her registered as a service animal. Kinda like a seeing eye dog. I mean, everywhere. Where, Where would you go with her? I've taken her into churches. I've, I've taken her aboard the public buses. Taken her to the gym. Yes. I've even taken her into like a couple of casinos through here. And Jim and Sadie had a pretty good situation. When Jim started feeling himself get mad, he'd tell himself, calm down. Sadie would repeat him. But then one day a few years ago, Sadie did something that went beyond mimicry. That's right after this break.


Radiolab is supported by Smalls Cat Food. Is your cat having digestive issues or simply in need of a diet upgrade? Smalls cat food is full of protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients you would find in your fridge. And it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com named Smalls their best overall cat Food Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food in small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the US and teamed up with the humane world for animals. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free, which means that they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve for a limited time. Only because you are a Radiolab listener, you can get 35% off Smalls plus an additional 50% off your first order by using Code Radiolab. That's an additional 50% off when you head to smalls.com and use code Radiolab.


Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org. Just before the break, Jim and his parrot Sadie were developing this relationship where she would help him calm down when he was about to lose control. A few years ago, Sadie did something that went beyond mimicry. Jim says he doesn't exactly remember the first time it happened.


Oh, I Can't think of anything right now 'cause I'm like blanking out. But It probably went something like this. Jim's just out in the neighborhood one day. It's got Sadie in her little backpack cage and something happens that sets Jim off. I dunno. A car cuts him off at the crosswalk and immediately Jim starts getting that tingly feeling. Yeah. And then in the split second fraction of a moment before Jim starts to talk himself down, like he does, calm Down, Jim, calm Down. He hears, calm down. Jim from Sadie. Exactly. She says it first. Yeah. Wow. Like she, she and she like, she knew what was in his mind or inside him, like before he even did anything.


Oh yeah. She knows she, she can sense that. How do you suppose That was happening? I mean, maybe she, I don't know. I mean, Jim thinks maybe she can like feel a change in the way he's moving. You know, my, I have like body tremors when I'm starting to really get furious. Maybe Sadie can pick up on those tremors and Jim says, this just kept happening. She Does it all the time. And you know, it makes you stop to think if I would go off on a person or something like that, you know, I wouldn't have any remorse or anything. But I mean, it's just a little innocent animal That seemed to know him in this really intimate way, which kind of blew my mind.


Yeah. But Sadie didn't do it while I was there. So I left Jim this tape recorder, and I asked him to try to get something like this on tape just so I could prove it to people. Hello, My name is James Eggers and I'm standing here with my parrot Sadie. She's standing here right next to me on her little perch. Say something. You can say something to the, you can say something to the microphone, huh? Week or so later I got the tape back. What do you have To say? Sadie was on there saying all kinds of things like, hello, hello, Hello. She said her name. She said, good girl, good girl. Things that I could imagine Jim saying to her.


But did you ever get a sense from anything? She said that there was a kind of weird intuitive exchange happening or something? Not really, but I thought if it happens as often as Jim says it happens, that someone in his neighborhood must have seen it. Yeah. So I called this woman who runs a coffee shop around the corner from his house. Asked her if she'd seen it. She hadn't. Oh. And I figured I could call the company that runs the buses and the trains that Jim rides every day thinking that maybe one of their drivers would've seen him get upset about something and nothing. And then I called Jim's best friend Larry, and I figured if anyone has seen this, it would be Larry. 'cause he's around them like all the time. And he hadn't either. Huh. So I called Jim to ask if I was like missing anybody.


He didn't answer. So I left a message. Left another message. Then finally. Hello. Hi Jim. I got him on the phone. It's Pat again. Oh yeah, go ahead. It seems like nobody else has ever seen her or heard her say those kinds of things to you. Well, and she's definitely has said those, but I mean, she's not gonna say the same thing every time she talks to Me. Right. But has anyone ever seen her talk you down from being mad? No, because most of the time people aren't around me when I'm having a mood swing.


Hmm. I started to wonder like, is this the kind of thing a parrot is even capable of? So I decided to check. Hello. I called a scientist. I'm Dr. Irene Pepperberg, adjunct associate professor at Brandeis University. She's basically the world's expert on African gray parrots. So I asked her, have you, have you ever heard of anything like this before? Not exactly, but it doesn't surprise me. In fact, Irene told me that something kind of similar, it happened to her once. Yes. I mean, there's this With this parrot named Alex that she worked with for like decades. Basically. When Irene told me that whenever Alex would get outta line Pruning instead of working or butting in with the other birds when he should be quiet so we could train them, we'd say to him, calm down.


Just calm down. And one time I come storming into the laboratory, 'cause I've just come from a horrible faculty meeting when I was in Tucson. And Alex takes one look at me and he says, calm down. Really? Yeah. And I actually stormed off and I said something to the effect of, don't you tell me to calm down. And I went into my office and slammed the door. And Irene says that a parrot like Alex or Sadie probably doesn't know What calm down means, or you'll be, you'll be okay, Jim. She may not know what each of those little phrases mean, But she knows that when she says Calm down, Jim calms down. So she Has learned from association that that will bring her flock mate back to normal, which Is a big deal for parrot.


Irene says, because they're prey, so they're constantly looking out for each other, trying to keep from getting eaten. And in Sadie's Case, she's in A Flock of Two at this point. So if she wants to feel comfortable while preening or eating, she needs to know that he's gonna be watching out for her. Remember, she doesn't have a big flock. She just has him. Wow. So in the end, what do you make of all this? Well, I mean, I can't prove that she does the things Jim says she does. But on the other hand, everyone I talk to around Jim says that whatever is happening between them is keeping him from threatening people on the street, from punching dents in people's cars.


It's just keeping him a better guy. Yeah. So maybe it doesn't matter. I don't care if anybody believes me or not. You know it. It's not, I'm not here to prove anything to anybody. That's not the point. The point is I know what she does. And that is that. Now, see, hello. Now Burp. No, don't eat. No eat.


Go. Thanks to Pat Walters. Come on. Flying home Into Sadie. Hello. Good girl. Into Jim. Yep. Sadie, what are you looking at? Huh? She's got her eyes focused on me. And try and figure out what you, what you're doing with the mic. This? Yeah, I get you some coffee. Thanks. You're quite welcome. Hi, I'm Jonathan, and I'm from St. Louis, Missouri. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keef is our Director of Sound Design.


Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Rebecca La Maria Paz Gut, some of them, Matt Ty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sand Back, Anisa Viza, Arian, wack, pat Walters, Molly Webster, Jessica Young, with help from Rebecca Rand. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, Anna Pu Matine, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, I'm Daniel from Madrid.


Leadership support from ADAT Science Programming is provided by the Simons Foundation and the John Foundation. Foundational support from Radiolab was provided by the Alfred p Islam Foundation.


Dear McDonald's, your breakfast menu, fire tens across the board. I could be happy with anything, even though I ordered the same thing every time. Thanks for not judging me. I'll try something new. Next time. Maybe Score a two for $5. Deal on a sausage McMuffin with egg and more limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs. Since then, New York Public radio's rigorous journalism has gone on to win a Peabody Award and a DuPont Columbia Award among others. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.