
Radiolab is supported by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving, exercising, cleaning. What if you could also be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Hear that pumpkin, that's fall calling and the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, it's Latif. So today we have a brand new episode. I am very excited to share it with you. It even has a special guest, but I sort of have to level with you about something first. Our parents station WNYC is in dire financial straits. We went through a round of layoffs about a year ago, and then just this month we went through a second round. Less money has been coming in and to keep us up and running the station has to cut costs. It costs a lot of money to make Radiolab, but for good reason.


I, I swear I see it over and over. I see how that money lets us commit to stories in a way that few other shows do. For example, In, the episode that you are about to hear. I spent an entire day driving back and forth in LA traffic just to get live sardines. But for every story we do, there are like 10 of those little things. And sometimes there's a bigger thing too that we feel, you know, there's no way to tell this story right without it. And that all is the way we want it. We want you to get this like seamless, rich, immersive, carefully told and, and, and importantly fact checked story that that goes beyond the news stuff that goes past the conversations that everyone is already having now because of all this money stuff.


We have to do that now with less, right? Less resources, less people. That's fine. We're not complaining. We love to do this. We love to make what we make for you. But that means we need your support. And In the last few years we have come up with a new way for you to support us that is better for us and better for you. The lab, when you become a member of the lab, you give us basically oxygen and you, you get, you get a bunch of stuff too. You get ad free listening, bonus audio, like stuff we cut from the episodes for time. And if you sign up by the end of September, you'll get a free T-shirt that says there's a radio lab for that.


I promise you lab memberships are essential for us here at the show. If even a few more of you sign up, it will make a crucial difference. So please go to radiolab.org/join. Help us keep on going to the extreme lengths we do to take your ears and brains to places they've never been before. That's radiolab.org/join. And without further ado, let's get to the episode. And if you get to the end of it, as I said, there's a special guest, which I am just gonna tell you who it is 'cause I can't help myself. It's Samin Nasra the chef. If you don't know and love her, you should, and you probably will.


Anyway, after this, enjoy. Oh. Wait. You're listening. Okay. All, right. Okay, All. right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab lab. Radiolab from WNYC. See? Yep. Hi. What's up Sarah? I'm La Naser. I'm Sara Kari sitting in for Lulu this week. This is Radiolab. Do you have any idea what we're gonna talk about? No. I was like, this must be what Christmas morning feels like. I don't, not that I would know. It's just like, get a present. This case.


It's a story. Yeah. But anyway. Yeah, no, I, I know nothing. Perfect. So today on the show, we have kind of the mother of all missing persons reports is what it is. Okay. It's the story of how about 50,000 people vanished off of the face of the earth. And then how almost 2000 years later, one man tried to find them. Okay, there we go. Okay. This is my speaking voice. Great. So how do you, how what, what should I call you Steve, Steven, professor Tuck something else altogether.


Steve, if you call me Professor Tuck, I'm expecting you to make a great appeal. So turn, Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. Well, I mean, I also wanted, that's the real reason for this call today. This is for an extension All. right. So Steve Tuck is a historian at Miami University, and the moment in history that he has just buried himself in for the last decade is I mean is arguably the most iconic, dramatic disaster, tragedy story in history. The eruption of Vesuvius and the destruction particularly of the city of Pompeii. Have you heard of Pompeii? Yeah. Like the city that got covered in ash, people frozen in time. Yeah. Like an entire population just wiped out in an instant.


Right. And that's sort of the popular percept. This entire Town is wiped off the face of Its planet. Museums, movies, books. The story is always basically the same. People died Instantly of heat exposure. There was no way out. Their tragic deaths have made Pompeii world famous. It's sort of the one thing that everybody knows about Pompe Making it one of the most lethal volcanic events in human history. Everybody died Instantly. No survivors. Right. However, Steve being the good historian that he is, always had this thought, like we all keep saying that there were no survivors. But as far as I could tell, no one had ever gone to look for them. Really? Yeah. According to Steve, you know, the one thing we all know about Pompe is actually just an assumption.


And through his work, the way I see Pompeii is completely changed. I, it, it's the way I used to see it is like a, kind of like a cartoon tragedy, but then hearing him talk about it, like it, it's become so much more human. Okay. So I had this, this question, you know? Yeah. Can we say, okay, so the first thing Steve told me was that something that's always left out of these popular accounts of Pompeii is just the cold, hard math Pre eruption of the city of Pompeii. The nearby city of Herculaneum and the surrounding countryside had a combined population of Maybe 50,000 people. That's 50,000 people In the red zone.


Right. So just imagine the area completely destroyed by the volcano. Right. Okay. And then how many human remains were discovered? So between all of the excavations at Pompeii Herculaneum, the villas that had been excavated about 1200 What? 1200. That's it. That's like, what, what is that? Like, less than 5% of the people. That's tiny. Yeah, Of course it could be that the, you know, the rest of the bodies are actually there, but just haven't been found or dug up yet. How much of the red zone has been excavated? Oh, A tiny fraction. Oh wow. A tiny fracture. Oh, there's a lot of land there to dig through. Okay. Okay. I see. So maybe the, all their bodies are just buried in these other places that they haven't.


Maybe the other bodies are buried in these other places Maybe, but all of them, it seemed unlikely. But Still, like the, like the town is right at the base of the volcano. Right there, there, you think people could have gotten out? Well, it's a very complex eruptive event. Okay. Okay. Do you wanna just walk me through it? Should we just play it out? Alright. Pompeii is a, is a city right along the coast of the Bay of Naples. It's a, it's a a, a beautiful location. I sound like a real estate agent, but you know, it's a, it's a gorgeous location down there in southern Italy, along the coast, If you don't mind, volcanoes. It's great. It keeps the property values down. Okay. So this is 79 AD On August 24th, In the morning there were earthquakes, but these were common occurrence, So no one really paid attention to them.


Probably just felt like a normal day. Right? If I were to walk down the street in Pompeii, the main drag, what would I have seen? You would have seen a long street with two lanes flanked by sidewalks. Many of the shops would've taken over part of the sidewalk. They move the things they're selling out there, or the wine bars people take over the sidewalk. And part of the street is are all crowded out there. And it's a very densely populated, very lively place. In the Backdrop of all this, less than 10 miles northwest of the city had a large green cone shaped mountain. And on this day, at about one o'clock In the afternoon, if you were taking maybe a midday break, having some fish, some wine with friends at a sidewalk cafe and happened to glance up at this mountain, you'd have seen the top of it just explode.


It's just pulverized and blown straight into the air. This massive dark column of rock and gas Rising up about 20 miles into the atmosphere, Towering over Pompeii higher than modern airplanes fly. Oh my God. So high. In fact, It takes several hours for that material to rain down fully. So most of it at this point is just hanging out up there. In the air. Huh? Which means If people looked at that and then said, I think it's time to leave, they would have three, four hours to get out. Wait, I always thought that people got covered in ash instantly.


Like frozen In, the middle of taking a bite at dinner or something. I mean three, four hours. Sounds like a lot of time to leave. Yes. But that assumes that people decided quickly. And the last time this mountain had exploded was 1800 years before. Hmm. So nobody knew that this was a volcano. They didn't even have the word volcano. In the language. Oh My God. I mean you don't, you don't really know what they were thinking. Maybe they thought the explosion was the worst of it. Maybe they thought this, you know, the stuff that kinda looks like smoke is just gonna blow away. Right. But even if you were like, okay, I am getting outta here right now. Just imagine maybe you were out running around town doing something.


Your family's at home, you'd Have to get home first. But the sky is rapidly darkening. The earth is shaking. You're trying to get through the chaos with the earthquake. Push your way through the people, the animals, the carts, Trying to make it home and gather your family before you go. When you finally reach your house, maybe someone's missing. Maybe you have a stick relative who can't move so easily. You have no idea how much time you have. Who knows? There's, there's a million ways this could play out. Yeah. But when archeologists dug up some of the houses in Pompeii, they discovered a clue Every house would have at least a small shrine to the household. Gods A little hollowed out alcove In, the wall where they keep these little statues, They're mostly bronze figurines between six and and nine inches tall.


And the members of the household would pray at the shrine to protect the home and the family. Hmm. And when archeologists uncovered these homes, they noticed All the household shrines are empty. All these little statues are gone. Oh. And not only that, all the safes that have been uncovered, They're strong boxes of money. Those are empty too. All of these things are gone from the houses. Wait, what does that mean? Well, it means that people were trying to just grab whatever was grab-able and get out of there. So in those three hours, you can imagine that people were out at their houses, maybe on foot or on horseback, dragging carts behind them, just trying to make their way through the crowded, chaotic streets. And the volcano, remember, is to the north. So you kind of can assume most people are trying to go south towards the southern city.


Gates Gonna move on people, no time to waste here. But That material, That tall column of debris that's being hanging In, the air Starts to collapse. And because of the prevailing winds coming from the northwest, it collapses towards the south, pushed over like a Jenga tower Directly on top of the city of Pompei. The ash is filling the air. It's hard to breathe. You can't see anything. And then this palm stone starts coming down, and then heavier volcanic glassy stones and those, they're like missiles.


So all this stuff kind of rains down the streets, fill up, become impossible to move through. And a lot of those people who did try to flee, If you map the human remains that have been discovered, the vast majority of them are clustered around the gates. They got caught in a traffic jam and years later recovered from their bodies. Were the little bronze statues of household gods. Huh? Okay. But Pompeii, it's a coastal city. Right? Like maybe a bunch of people left by sea because it I mean, if it was me, I would try to get on a boat. Why would you try to get on a boat? I would assume that I could get farther away more quickly on a ship.


Yeah. And if I don't know what's going on, the very least I know is that the problem is on land. Well, Maybe, Oh God. So imagine there's a volcano. Imagine there's also earthquakes. So there are tsunamis happening here. Oh. And those, they're, they're, they're disastrous. So This sea, this is not a calm sea. And unless somebody left early or timed it perfectly so that they could flow out of the bay of Naples, with those waves going out, once those waves come back in, there's no sailing against them. They would be trapped. Ah, Okay. Okay. Maybe not by sea then.


Maybe not. Anyway, things just get worse from there. By dusk, the ash and rock have built up so much that it was impossible to leave. Some people took refuge in their houses, but the volcanic material came down and the roofs collapsed. Those who managed to escape the collapsed roofs make their way through the darkness and the heat and the falling missiles, and took Refuge in public buildings and in low areas like cellars. And it was around this time that the second phase of the eruption began with these pulses of super hot volcanic gas Estimates between 300 and 600 degrees.


That's Celsius, which is 500 to a thousand degrees Fahrenheit. So hot that in one case in Herculean, they Found evidence of gray matter that had been turned to glass. What? It got so hot that someone's brain turned to glass. What? Yeah. And these gases roll down the mountain into the city, And they're heavier than air. And they displace the oxygen starting at the ground and moving up. So the people who are taking refuge in cellars or downstairs in houses are all asphyxiated. There's no way around that. You can't escape that.


I looked back, a dense darkness seemed to be following us, spreading itself over the country like a cloud. The closest we can get to actually imagining what it would be like in Pompeii at that time comes from the letters of Pliny, the younger, an aristocrat, an author, a lawyer, also a nephew, to the famous naturalist, Pliny the elder, Let us turn out of the high road. I said, while we can still see for fear that should we fall In the road, we should be pressed to death In the dark by the crowds that are following us. He was a teenager at the time, and he watched Vesuvius erupt from across the Bay of Naples, a much safer distance than Pompeii.


But still he and his mother barely escaped with their lives. We had scarcely sat down when Knight came upon us, not such as we have when the sky is cloudy or when there is no moon, but that of a room when it is shut up and all the lights put out. You might hear the shrieks of women, the screams of children and the shouts of men. Some calling for their children, others for their parents, others for their husbands. And seeking to recognize each other by the voices that replied. One lamenting his own fate, another that of his family, some wishing to die from the very fear of dying, some lifting their hands to the gods.


But the greater part convinced that there were now no gods at all. And that the final endless night of which we have heard had come Upon the world. Wow. You know, I, I know Steven Tuck set out to like find people who survived. But all I'm hearing is the 6 million ways that they could have died, Which is what makes even more impressive. What Steven Tuck found after the break.


Radiolab is supported by Zio, a pre-cool probiotic. Believe it or not, the holiday season is sneaking up on us. If you've been looking for some help, waking up refreshed after a fun work party or family get together, Biotics is here to help. Z Biotics Drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic, invented by scientists to help tackle rough mornings after drinking. Think of Z Biotics as the first drink of the night for a better tomorrow. As it works to break down the byproduct of alcohol, which is responsible for rough mornings after go to z biotics.com/radiolab to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Radiolab at checkout, biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantees. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked.


Latif Sara Radio Lab back from break. Okay, so before the break, we met Professor Steven Tuck, who is on a mission to try to find survivors from Pompeii, but who then told us how totally and hopelessly devastating the eruption of Vesuvius actually was. Right. I mean it's the apocalypse basically. It's the apocalypse. Yeah. But we also learned that there were these windows, these moments where it might've been possible to escape. Okay. So then what? Then? So where do you go? What's your next step? So My next step was trying to figure out how to find people. And I decided the way forward was Roman names. So the Roman family names In, the, you know, ancient Roman empire, were very tied to place.


And so Steve's plan was to look for Pompeian names that kind of newly popped up in other cities after the eruption. Okay. So that's his kind of strategy, which is I think like a pretty good strategy. Yeah. Wait, but then how do you find the Pompe? Like are there old Pompeian phone books or letters or, I don't know, how do you like even find them? No, not really. Nothing like that. But the, the special thing about Pompeii is that unlike old ruins that have, you know, been weathered for 2000 years, this city was, was basically preserved in ash. And so you can find names everywhere. Oh yes. They're In, the usual places carved into stone, you Know, epitaphs, tombstones.


There were names carved above the doors of people's homes. Like a name on the mailbox kind of thing. Right. Or on objects, Seal rings that people had with their names on them. But also, Fortunately you Can read names that were just written or scratched lightly on a wall. Graffiti and painted announcements. People signed all that with their family names. Oh, nice. There were even receipts written on walls, loan Records from banks filled With names, you Know, so-and-so agrees to borrow this much money and we'll repay it at this rate of interest. And then nine witnesses have to sign off on those. Wow. And probably a lot of those loans did not, there was no volcano clause in there, I guess. I guess a lot Of those probably get rep, I think a lot loans did not get repaid. Yeah, Right.


Anyway, so what he does is he basically takes every, The Caius family, Single of The Cornelius family name, the Vidia family, He can find UND that has ever been excavated anywhere in this region. Pompeo is also a family name, Puts him in a big database, does this for Pompei and Herlan. So I have a Huge number of names And he's like, okay, these are the people I'm looking for. And so he puts up a map on the wall of his office, A very nice map that I made of the region And of the roads, the Roman roads at the time, All the roads that led away from Pompei and Herculaneum. And he is like, okay, I'm gonna go through the neighboring towns and communities. There's Thousands of communities One by one to see if he can find any of these names popping up after the eruption.


Okay. I started with the close cities, No survivors, Nobody in Sorento or Soum. He looked at the town of Velia. It's right on the coast. Everything. You might want nobody of Velia either. You Looked on the islands, I Thought some people might have gone to the islands of copper or Isia, but no, Nothing. And like you could just imagine his finger like running down the map, following the road, crossing off this town, crossing off that town, the Whole Soine Peninsula, which makes up the, the bottom half of the Bay of Naples. Yeah. And it's outside the blast zone. Nobody in any of those communities. He tries moving inland away from the coast. Yeah, They're closed. There's roads, there's connections to Pompeii in some of these communities. But were any pompeians there? No, No city after city. Just nobody That just keeps getting Bleecker and Bleecker.


But then he thinks, okay, the town that would make the most sense is this one south of the Bay of Naples called Pesto. And Pesto is a beautiful Roman port city. It's on the West coast. Like Pompeii. Like Herculaneum. It checked all my boxes. He's like, this is the, this is the place. It's Everything that Pompeii is. But just outside the blast zone, He checks all the names in that town. And I found Ha, nobody, No, None of the Pompei names. Nobody from Pompeii, nobody from Herculean, nobody from any of the villas. Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing. There's just nobody. Oh.


And as time went on, As I spent weeks or months doing research with no results, you know, I thought, okay, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe maybe everyone did die. Wow. Now I'm like so sad that this Okay, just wait. Just wait. Okay. Because this whole time Steve had been mostly looking in communities south of Pompeii. You know, Vesuvius is on the north side of the city. So he assumed that people in Pompeii, they Look at the eruption and they flee south, which Makes sense. But when That eruptive column collapsed, the one That was 20 miles into the sky. When that collapsed, it collapsed to the southeast. So it's possible that if anyone tried to flee that way, they would've been killed by that collapse.


In any case, Steve runs outta south. So he looks north towards this big city, Oli, which is north of Vesuvius. It's the major harbor city for ancient Italy. And it's the largest community outside of Rome. And as he starts to go through all the names In the city, he comes across a clue. In the shape of a bottle. Are you ready? Yeah, I think so. A bottle that used to hold something called Garum or Garum. The word Garum. It just like tickles my soul. This is Samin Nasra. I'm A cook and a nerd Author of Salt Fat, acid, heat, and ancient Rome enthusiast. I'm a nerd cook.


And she graciously agreed to help us make some garum. But I've always kind of wanted to make a pot Sardines Check stinky stuff. I'm really doing This. Wait, okay. What is Garum? Why is it a clue? What does it have to do with Pompeii and bottles? Great questions. And And why are you all of a sudden cooking with Samin? Okay, I promise I'm gonna get to that. Okay. Okay. Okay. So when Steve was collecting Pompeiian names, there was one he came across more than any other, which was this guy named Ali Amus Scars. Ooh, ALIS Amus Scars is the Garam king of Pompeii. He's the king of the fish sauce manufacturers. He Had workshops all over Pompeii where they would bottle this condiment.


These are crunchy made from fresh sardines. Yeah, I think You wanna expose Guts chopped into pieces. Your cutting board looks like you have Covered in blood. Butchered a person place fish guts in a vase, mushing up fish heads, fish blood, fish scales. And you put a ton of salt on there. That was pretty Easy. And then you leave this whole jar In the sun During multiple times a day To rot. And over time the fish and salt ooze out this brown liquid. And because most ancient Romans ate pretty plain food Bread or some kind of grain and simple vegetables, Garam. And this guy Ali Reus scars is garam in particular. It's salty and fishy. You only need like a few drops, man.


People would just buy it by the bottle and put it on everything. I think it was truly like the condiment on the table at all times. And When archeologists began to dig up Pompeii, these bottles were found all over the place. Can you describe the bottle and the label? So the bottles are very plain terracotta bottles. Okay. They've got a very narrow neck and a rounded body, and then a narrow round foot at the bottom. Okay. But then across that sort of globular body was handwritten in ink. Some of it's black, some of it's red. The labeling and the labeling formula was always the flower of garum, which is a little hyperbolic.


The flour of garam, of scarce, The flour of garam, of scarce. All these bottles had these words. This Is like Mike's hot honey, but like It's exactly Mike's hot honey. Yeah. It's like the Heinz ketchup of antiquity. And Actually this is so far as we know, the first example of like a product with brand labeling in history. Whoa. This fish sauce in history. Yeah. And these Garam bottles, They were a favorite outside of Pompeii as well. They're found as far away as Southern France. Huh? It's like an empire. It is. It is. Yeah. But Of course, August 24th, 79 ad along with the rest of Pompeii, Alice Abri scar's home and all his garam workshops are buried in ash and stone.


And just like that, the production line for this famous fish sauce stopped dead. No more bottles shipped to Southern France. You couldn't find it in Naples. In Rome, no fish sauce bottles anywhere to be found post 79 ad. It was just one more casualty of Vesuvius. Hmm. Then as Steve is digging around in documents from Poli looking for Pompeiian names, he discovers that about 20 years after the eruption, There's a new product on the market. In the town of Poli. Okay. Bottles exactly like the bottles that scarce had used at Pompeii.


And this one has weirdly similar branding. It's the same labeling formula In black or red ink. It Says the flower of Karara. Oh, of Putis Putis. What? What? What's Putis? Putis just means the guy from Poli, The man from Poli. Hmm. So it's like a guy from Poli that's making this stuff. Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a ripoff, like somebody that's capitalizing on this brand that people used to love and is hearkening back to that. Yeah. So it could be right. Could be that someone's ripping off this guy's branding. Yeah. No, no, no. Because as Steve continues to dig for names, he comes across an epitaph, a A group epitaph.


And, And, And guess what family he finds? Oh My god. The Amchis Amchis. That's right. Survivors. Wow. And it's like, yes, there's somebody, there's somebody someplace. Wow. So that Al and Ricky is scars guy. He doesn't seem to have made it out, but his family did. And one of the young men Probably scars, his grandson Is named Lanni, like They named him after their new hometown, and he grows up to become The garra king of poli Succession of the fish sauces, kingdom In, the New heir. Yeah. And now that he's looking in towns north of Vesuvius, Steve starts finding survivors all over the place.


Six people, In, the little city of New Caria, a Person in Aquino, two people in Benum, a little cluster of five or six people over here, a couple dozen over there, three families that moved to this small community, In the mountains. There Were three merchant families. They All made it out to poli. Two families who own private banks Both settled at qme, he Found rich people, poor people, Some of them had been well off at Pompeii and desperately poor later On. There's one story of a, a woman, She makes it out also to poli, who marries A gladiator called Aquarius. He's a, a water themed gladiator. Whoa. Yeah. He even finds this whole neighborhood In, the city of Naples Built just for the people from Herculean. Like, it's like Chinatown or something, but it's like little Herculean.


Oh, the map he made, just filled in with all this life. These people suffered tragedies. They, they became refugees. They fled, they moved into these new communities, you know, they named their kids after their new communities. They make religious dedications, they run for public office, they establish businesses. You know, really, they really just pick up. I love that. Yeah. Okay. So all in all, how many people did he find? Well, It took them 10 years to comb through the names in 48 communities. Okay. And I found survivors in 12 of the 48. So in total A couple hundred named individuals. Okay. Which I mean.


Wow. People even survived. Yeah. But then I, sorry, not to No, not at all. First year bubble, no, not all busted saying this, but that leaves what, like 48,000 people that are That's right. Still unaccounted for. That's right. But what he sort of slowly started to realize is like, Well, let's say my house gets destroyed in, I don't know, a volcanic eruption today. I'm gonna go move in to my parents' basement. I'm going to where my relatives are. Right. Like, I'm going to where there's a couch I can crash on where there's a roof. I can say under, you Know, you go where they have to take you in. Right. Like, that's probably most people's first impulse Right. Is to find family, find relatives somewhere else. And so those people are invisible.


In the inscriptions. Right. Because they're the same family name, they don't change. Right. The, the, the profile of a community. Right. You know, it's not a new family name moving into a community. Right. And I think that's where the vast majority of the people went. Now, what he believes is Most people got out, the Majority of people and almost always with their families. Wow. I do find it just so tantalizing. Like it makes you just wanna know the rest of the story. Like, what happened to those people? How did they get Out? Oh yeah.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I would love to know some of these details of what happened between the eruption and people resettling somewhere. Yeah. You know, what routes did they take? Yeah. What occurred, you know, what traumas did they undergo, you know, on the way out. Yeah. It must have been just a terrifying experience. And, and we simply don't know, but we know people went back to their families, you know, they went through the dark shouting their names at each other as Plin tells us in his letter, and they connected up. And only then did they flee. I don't know. I I I find it quite moving. Yeah.


So that's, yeah, that's the story. What do you, what do you make of that? You know, so my family's Pakistani. Like I grew up In the us my parents grew up in Pakistan. My grandparents grew up in India. Yeah. And like, you know, the partition of India was like this giant traumatic thing that like, I don't think my family really even has its arms around, like all the ways in which it impacted us. But like, there's so much that gets lost in a big traumatic move like that. And I feel so cut off from even just like the lives that my grandparents had in India that like, I would kill for anything like who they were hanging out with and what they were doing.


And where, you know, any crumb is like gold. Like Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, and that's, that's basically why I ended up making that fish sauce with Samin. Hmm. Yeah. I mean really what we're doing is we're time traveling. Yeah. I mean, that's what I think is so magical about Food. Again, chef Samin, Nasra, I mean Even In the span of your own life. You eat stuff and you travel back to like the first time you had it, or some meaningful time you had it. And so this is another way that we get to go have an, a sensory experience that people were having, you know, 2000 years ago. And That time we almost died from a volcano. Exactly. But, but it's true that I can't, like, I can't stop imagining you.


It's just one day out of the blue, no warning, boom, you lose your home. Not just your home. You lose your entire hometown. You can never go back to it. You can never walk down the streets. You walked on as a kid. And then 20 years later you're resettled in a totally new place, totally new life, and you're grocery shopping and you see on the shelf the flour of garam and you buy it and you take it home. You open the bottle and you taste it.


Okay. All. right. Okay. Opening. Opening. Okay. Let's open it on three. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Oh, wow. Oh wow. This is smelling stronger than it was. Ugh. Okay. I went real deep. I want nose into the jar. Okay. Whew. Oh boy. Okay. Whew. Okay. Okay, we're ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Okay. I'm putting some on my tongue right now. Okay. Oh. Oh, it's very I mean. It's very salty. It's not Really that gross. Gross. It just tastes like Salty. It's not gross. No, no. It just tastes salty. Taste A little like umami. It's like a, you know, like sometimes you're playing In the water as a kid at the beach and it, a huge wave comes.


That's right. And then, and then like it knocks you over and you're like losing your breath and like you have to swallow some water. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Salt. And you're like, It's, oh. And then you're like, why? And then it's like hits the Top of your mouth kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Salt. And it was kind of seaweedy water or, so that's, thank so Much. This episode was Reported by me Latif Nasserwith help from Annie McKeen and Ake Foster Keys. It was produced by Annie McKeen. My culinary shenanigans with Samin were recorded by Adam Howell voice, acting by Brendan Dalton original music and sound design by Jeremy Bloom.


Posting help from Sarah Kari. Fact checked by Emily Krieger, edited by Pat Walters. And I doubt anyone's gonna want to try it, but we're gonna link to the recipe for Garum. And I also have a giant jar of it in my house that I'm trying to get rid of. Before we go, before we sign off here real quick at the end, I just wanted to shout out a podcast I've loved for many, many years. And it feels right to promote it at the end of this particular episode of ours, because it is a podcast about history, about science, but more than anything about food. It's called Gastropod. It's so charming, but also encyclopedic about food history.


So, for example, I just had the question, has Gastro Pot done an episode about Garam? And of course they have, it's in their episode about the history of ketchup, which I probably shouldn't have, but I just took 45 minutes out of the middle of my workday to re-listen to it. And it was so good. Did you know, for example, that way before anyone ever thought to put a tomato in ketchup, it was a fermented fish sauce. Whatever condiment or snack or dessert or ingredient that you love, there's probably a gastro pot about it. One of my favorite all time episodes of theirs. Better Believe It's Butter, is about the margarine wars. Don't just take my word for it.


The New York Times Wired Ted Talks, all of them have chosen Gastro Pot as one of their favorite podcasts. Yeah. So subscribe to Gastropod wherever you get your podcasts. That's it for us. Thank you so much for listening, Guys. I'm shaking the fish sauce. Who wants to help me? Okay, so no one's helping me shake this fish sauce. Shake, shaking, getting a beer. I I'm not shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. Do you wanna shake it with me? Why not? Oh, come on now. It's not gross. Come here. Okay, look, I'm taking a little smile. Oh Hi.


This is Danielle and I'm in Beautiful Glover, Vermont. And here are the staff. CREDITS. Radiolab was created by Jad Ebu Rodd, and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w, Harry Tuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, gutter Du Nu, Matt Gil, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Valentina Powers, Sarah Car, Sarah Sandbach, Arianne Wack Pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Sloan Foundation.


Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs. In addition to this award-winning Reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.