
WNYC Studios is supported by Earth Justice as a national legal nonprofit, earth Justice has more than 200 full-time lawyers who fight for a healthy environment. They wield the power of the law to protect people's health, preserve magnificent places and wildlife, and advance clean energy to combat climate change. Earth justice fights in court because the earth needs a good lawyer. Learn more@earthjustice.org.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school.


As usual, It's time to turn your daydream into your dream job. Wix gives you the power to turn your passion into a moneymaker with a website that fits your unique vision and drives you towards your goals. Let your ideas flow with AI tools that guide you, but give you full control and flexibility. Manage your business from one dashboard and keep it growing with built-in marketing features. Get everything you need to turn your part-time passion into a full-time business. Go to wix.com.


Oh wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening To Radiolab Lab. Radiolab From WNYC. Yeah. Lulu Latif. Radiolab. Day five of our week of Sharks Back with our lead reporter slash lifeguard, Rachel Cusick. Hello. Hello. We Rage, is this like our, this is our end of week of Shark. This is the end of the week of Shark. The final day. The final business day. Final Business day of Shark Of Shark. You might have some sharks in your weekend, but we won't be responsible for them.


Right, right. So today I wanna end the week by circling back to the very beginning, which is to say baby sharks, You can't even say the word without it. Without A do Do, do I, I wanted to know, like you two both have little humans. Do you hate that song? Do you like listen to it daily? What's, what's your relationship to that song? When Did the song come out? 2015. The Korean one came out. Yes. Yeah. So we had kids after that and by that point I knew that this was sort of weapons grade song, so we kept it out of the house. Wow. It's like a zombie apocalypse. You're like, don't open the doors. That's right. Baby Shark coming.


We'd seen other people go through it and we're like, it's not gonna happen here. I don't have children. But you know, it's like seeps into you just being in the world. It does. It swept the world. Yeah. Is everywhere. Yeah. So everyone has the same feeling about it. But then I was like, wait, what are baby sharks like? Like what? How do baby sharks get born? How do baby sharks get born? Yeah. Like what do you have an idea of like what shark birth looks like? I mean, Man, I don't know. Well, like they are really fishy. Like you think they do have eggs, but like I want them to have labor. Yeah. So I found someone to answer this question for me. I've always been like an ocean nerd, but when science reporter Claudia guy, who like most of the people we've had on this week is a bit of a shark fan girl.


So by the time I got to this story, I was definitely fully a crazy shark lady. I actually ran into her work because of an amazing article she wrote about baby sharks. And she kind of just introduced me to the very wacky world of shark reproduction. And I, I wanna share it with you 'cause it's just so fun. Okay. Okay. So the first category of shark birth is, let me just make sure I get the term correct. Gotta look back. Yes. Okay. So we have Vivi Paris. My name Is, Yeah, vi Vipers. Like InVivo. Yeah, Exactly. Vivi Paris Sharks give birth to live young, just like humans or like other mammals, just like you and me and dolphins.


The embryo develops in the mother's womb. They have a womb, there's a placenta. Some of them even make this sort of milk essentially like secrete a type of milk into the womb. Like a little milk bath for baby shower. Yeah. They're in a little milk Bath. So they're just like fully pregnant. And They come out like little baby versions of the larger shark. Like how big? It depends on the shark. So white sharks come out like three or four feet long. Whoa. That's huge. That is enormous. But I mean, there's other sharks that come out like the size of your pointer finger. Cute. I'm Not a grandma. Very. And like God bless the hammerhead shark mothers.


Oh, that's cool. That Was be, it would be so hard to make it work. Yeah. So that, so that's the first category. Okay. And then moving on to category two, which is ovo Vivi Paris ovo Vivi parody. Okay. So it's like a live birth, but also eggs. A live birth, but also eggs. Yeah. What does that mean? So the embryo actually forms inside of an egg case, but that egg case hatches still inside mom and then the baby comes out. So it kind of is combining the strengths of a live birth where you're protecting the young inside you, but it happens a lot quicker and the sharks can make a bunch more eggs.


There's one whale shark That was found and it had 300 whale sharks inside it. Wow. And then there's sharks that can fertilize sperm from multiple fathers. So they kind of place bets on different shark's, baby daddies. Okay. So they're just kind of like taking it all in. They're like, we'll consider your offer. And then they just like, just dole it out. That's a new take on, take it all in. But I think one of the nuts ist of all nuts, shark reproduction stories is the sand tiger shark. Okay. Okay. They create a bunch of eggs and the process that this shark has developed to get big and strong in the womb is to eat its brothers and sisters.


What? It's like the cossum for Baby sharks. It is a gladiatorial match in mom's Inside The shark. Inside the shark. So you'll see scientific papers where there's like a uterus that's been sliced open and there's just like one shark and then a bunch of egg empty egg cases. And it's like I those. Oh. So, okay. So that's the ovo vvi parody. And then the final category, OVI Paris, are just the plain old egg laying sharks. So the mom puts an embryo inside the sort of egg case thing, and then she just releases all of those eggs into the ocean. It's feeding on a yolk sack, just like a chicken. And it has everything it needs inside this little egg case.


So the mom will only do like one or two of these at a time and, and they look like these little envelopes, you can sometimes see them wash up on the beach. Oh Yeah, dude. Oh my God. The Mermaids, the mermaids purse. What's the mermaid's? First thing, It almost looks like two boomerangs back to Back. Yeah. But there's also a shark that lays an egg case that's shaped like a spiral drill. So it Like screws itself into the rock kind of Thing so that nobody comes along and eats it. 'cause you know, they're out there hanging out in the ocean by themselves. And those egg laying sharks, those are the sharks that we are gonna talk about today. That's where the story that Claudia had written about begins. Oh, Cool. This wasn't even story just warmup. That was just, I'm sorry. I love it.


And I was just, it was just too willy Wonka like, come with me in the world of your imagination. And they're crazy little characters. You know what they do. And so this story is one man's, possibly Sisyphean, but definitely sublime attempt to maybe just slightly rejigger the balance between humans and sharks. Yeah. Yep. Can I just ask you to introduce yourself? Say who you are and yeah, what you do. Hi, my name is Greg Noll. What? What I actually do, or what I do, and I do, Greg has taught English as a second language. He's done quality checks on electrical circuit boards, but his life's work, I think he would say is the shark conservation and education organization that he founded.


Course Shark Love Malta, Which is in Malta. Mm. And where is Malta again? Little island below Sicily, warm Mediterranean. And it's just a really beautiful place to be. So And so you were just interested in sharks because you loved being in the ocean? Or like, what was it about sharks that interested you in the first place? They were Just kind of fascinating, the very kind of mysterious, so, so I thought, okay, let's, let's learn more about them. But When Greg moved down to Malta from Britain, this was in 2007, he pretty quickly Realized there was nobody really in Malta focusing on sharks doing anything about sharks. There wasn't a national aquarium at the time, and there weren't even many sharks in the waters near Malta where you could scuba dive.


So That was why I first started going to the fish market. He wanted to learn about sharks so badly, he was just like willing to go look at them in buckets. Yeah. Which I, I guess it's kind of strange, but it, it was kind of like, well, if I want to learn something about sharks, I need to go and find where I can see them. So Greg would get up early, early in the morning, head down to the coastline where this fish market was. It was in this old rickety building. And he'd start talking to the fishermen saying like, I don't know you got any sharks? You mind if I check 'em out? Yeah, yeah. And so he'd go back, see these bins filled with ice and dead sharks? He started measuring the sharks With my tape measure and my camera taking pictures, Photographing them, Learning more and more about the different species sharks around Malta, Learning about the basics of their anatomy, Checking them, whether it's male or female, Just like gathering basic information for this organization that he was setting up.


Sometimes recover certain parts of sharks from bins. Be like, oh, I'll grab a jaw and I'll clean it up and I'll use it as like a demonstration that I'll give at like a community fair when I'm teaching people about sharks. Wow. But a couple years into his fish market research things started to get a little interesting for Greg. Yep. Yep. One day in 2011, Greg's at the market doing his thing, and he sees this small spotted cat shark, A small spotty little shark, Just kind of inspects it like he always does, but then he just like notices something coming out of the small spotted cat shark. Oh, what's that? What's that thing protruding? It's these tiny curly strings, These fibrous tendrils Popping out of the shark's kika, which is like a shark vagina.


Greg bends down kind Of carefully took hold of them, and At this point the fishermen nearby are just like giving him the side eye. Well, It's there, there was a few kind of like crane necks looking across, so what's like, what's, what's he doing? But He just starts to pull on it, Slowly pulled and pulled and pulled and out came this perfect little four, four and a half centimeter capture with curly tendrils at the top, curd coils at the bottom. Huh. And he's like, oh, this is a shirt gig. So is it almost like a ravioli? Let's, let's imagine like a half ravioli, like A two inch by one inch rectangle, Hae greenish color, almost transparent, And he holds it up to the light and he sees this little bulge Inside the ravioli shape capsule.


So here he is holding this, this little ravioli in the middle of the fish market. What do I do now? Is It dead? He doesn't know. So it came out of a dead shark, right? It could be dead, but it could maybe be alive Just kind of thinking, or at least we could learn something from it. So I, I took it back home, Put it in a little plastic aquarium that he had The kind of thing that kids would have sometimes. Okay. So That was never, never actually used, just happened to be kicking around the house. So then I'm kind of thinking, well, okay, obviously the shark would lay the egg of the sea. So I go and collect some sea water with like a Bucket. Yeah, yeah. Just a, literally a bucket. Take it back home, Dump the ocean water into this little aquarium with a Little air pump just to keep the water oxygenated, dangle the piece of string across the width of the aquarium.


Why? Just to replicate like some sea grass or something that the egg would hook onto. So he hooks the little ravioli tendrils onto the string and suspends it in the floating water. And then wait, Because I mean, once you put it in there, what do you do apart from watch it every day or several times a day, or many, many times a day. Every time you walk past it, you take a look to just see what's going on. It just became a little bit like a magnet Day one, day two, Every time I was in and out, moving past it. Take a look, take a look, take a look. Day 4, 5, 6, 7, nothing happening. And After around about three weeks, You noticed The little bump on the top right hand side of it.


So now each time I'm walking past, I'm now focusing on the little bump. And the little bump slowly separates from the main yolk section itself with a tiny, tiny, almost thread like connection. And it starts to move. Mm, Nope. Just kind of like wiggling a little bit. And it's like, oh my gosh, This shark, this Baby Shark that I brought home From a dead shark, A dead shark Is still alive. Now I should say Greg is standing if somewhat amateurly on a sort of scientific frontier.


I mean, sharks had been bred in captivity and eggs had hatched in aquariums, but, but The thing that had never been done before was taking an egg from a dead shock And getting it to develop. Nobody had ever done that. Nobody. So this was a first, And now he's thinking maybe, maybe I could even get this thing to hatch, Which is what Greg is going to try to do right after this short break.


This is an ad by BetterHelp. You know, being a good guy, being, I guess a man today is sort of a never ending act of recalibration. It is a wonderful noble challenge, but a challenge nonetheless. We've gotta be strong but vulnerable to be able to lead. But also listen, we are told at times to protect, but know that we should never control. I mean, it can be confusing. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, often undiagnosed. And I guess I'm just here to say, well, talking to someone, it can help. I have had some wonderful therapists over the years. They have helped me in, in many ways to be less reactive, to be more aware, to be a better partner, a better friend. So if you're looking for someone to talk to, BetterHelp is a great place to start with. Over 35,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You can join a session with the click of a button and you can switch therapists at any time. So to give therapy a try and to get 10% off your first month, go to BetterHelp dot com slash Radiolab. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by Betterment. When investing your money starts to feel like a second job. Betterment steps in with a little work-life balance. It's an automated investing and savings app that handles the work so you don't have to, while they build and manage your portfolio, you build and manage your weekend plans. While they make it easy to invest for what matters, you just get to enjoy what matters. Their automated tools simplify the complex and put your money to work optimizing day after day and again and again. So go ahead, take your time to rest and recharge because while your money doesn't need a work life balance, you do make your money hustle with Betterment. Get started@betterment.com. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-M-E-N t.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.


Radiolab is supported by factor. As summertime is gearing up, schedules may look a little more touch and go, whether it's an upcoming family vacation or kids' summer camp that has you leaving work earlier than usual. So meals might take a hit and factor is here to help, thanks to the menus crafted by chefs with options like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto Factor offers fresh never frozen meals, plus they're dietician approved and ready to eat. In just two minutes, you can feel nourished and ready to roll no matter what life throws at you. Perfect for any active, busy lifestyle. With 40 options across eight dietary preferences on the menu each week, it's easy to pick meals that are tailored to your eating goals factor can help you feel your best all day long With wholesome smoothies, breakfast, grab and go snacks and more add-ons. Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash Radiolab and use code Radiolab to get 50% off your first box, plus free shipping. That's code Radiolab at factor meals.com/ Radiolab to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box.


Radiolab is supported by Mint Mobile. You know what doesn't belong in your epic summer. Plans getting burned by your old wireless bill while you're planning your beach trips, barbecues in three day weekends, your wireless bill should be the last thing holding you back. With Mint, you can get the coverage and speed you're used to for less money and for a limited time. Mint Mobile is offering three months of unlimited premium wireless service at an affordable rate. Use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts this year. Skip breaking a sweat and breaking the bank. Ditch the overpriced wireless plans and get this new customer offer and your three month unlimited wireless plan@mintmobile.com slash Radiolab. That's mint mobile.com/ Radiolab. Upfront payment of $45 required equivalent to $15 per month. Limited time new customer offer for first three months only speeds. May slow above 35 gigabytes on unlimited plan taxes and fees extra. See mint Mobile for details.


Radiolab sharks. We're back. All right. We pick up with the story of Greg with his little egg case in his little kid, plastic aquarium. And the egg case has a bump, which has just begun moving An egg case that Greg, at this point has decided to name Squiggle, was squiggling in the egg case and I didn't know what else to call it. It's like it's squiggling around. That's how I described it to People. And now that he knew that it was alive and he'd given it a name, Now I'm thinking maybe I need to actually get a slightly bigger aquarium and something a little bit, I would say more professional, you know, made of glass instead of plastic. So he moves squiggle into his happier, newer home. And, and so, so now we're like six weeks, seven weeks to eight weeks, His squiggle is growing and moving more and more.


It's still this sort of lump that's attached to a yoke in a thin thread. And then The, the yoke itself starts to appear to have blood vessels form on it. So you almost see like vein like structures on the yolk sack. What? And they kind of snake the way of the yolk sack to this little placental connection, which then turn is going into the shark Like Blood. Yes. So it's blood going to the head of the shark. That Is wild. Yes, It is alien. Like, because it has no distinctive shape, doesn't have the distinctive snout. There are no fins. It's, I dunno, how would you describe it? It's just like a, a, a little something. So you'd walk by squiggle like a couple times a day.


Like, Hey squiggle, what's up? I wasn't necessarily talking to squiggle, but when people said, how's it doing? How's it doing? How, oh, squiggle, squiggle, iss doing fine. And then one day it Just simply stopped moving. Squiggle stopped squiggling. Oh no. And it just never, it never started again. That was the end of squiggle. But squiggle left behind this like little bit of hope for Greg. This beautiful little piece of ravioli kind of proved it was possible. So there was this, this kind of this, this drive. So Greg hits back to the fish market, tries to get as many eggs as he can. Not even like pulling out the strings. When he sees them, he now just starts cutting into the dead sharks.


Whoa, The fishermen are just letting him do this. Well, Greg got very good at spotting witch sharks had egg cases in them, but also these fishermen, they Were curious too, to the point where we arrived. They, they, they now tell us, oh, I've got some of this and I've got some of this. And at this point he has egg cases upon egg cases at home, Multiple aquariums, et Cetera. And they're all starting to move. And they do a little bit of wiggling just like squiggle Did. Going good, going good, everything's going good. But then just like squiggle, they would all die. And Greg is like, what's, What's happening? Why do they suddenly stop developing? So he starts tinkering with like a couple things, like the aeration, the salinity. And then eventually he starts to drop the temperature of the tank, Lowering the temperature, lowering the temperature, lowering the temperature.


And lo and behold, This mortality suddenly stopped massively. These Eggs start surviving. Everything seemed to continue to, to develop Past the day that squiggle died. Slowly get bigger, bigger, bigger. Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle. And then some weeks in, he notices that one of the embryos in the egg cases starting to look like a shark. The fins develop there Seems to have a tail and a head. It's now starting to go into a position where it has its head at the bottom part of the headcase. And the body is looped over to the top and the tail is now next to the head. And then one day he's cleaning the tank and he accidentally bumps into the string that's holding the tendrils. And then all of a sudden all Movement stops.


I've just killed it. And then after a minute or so, oh no, it's All right. It's All right. It's all good. It's all good. And then it, it started wiggling again. It's this defense mechanism. These little egg cases have to protect themselves from predators who wanna eat them. Now at this point, the little shark bodies, they're curled around the yolk sack. And Greg can see that that yolk sack is Getting smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller. And after round, about five and a half coming up towards six months, that yolk sack has almost disappeared. And so he starts thinking, I bet when that yolk sack goes away, that's when this thing's gonna hatch. Now every time you go past the aquarium, you are looking, looking, looking.


Can you see an ear? Can you see any yolk? And then one day, Oh, it's gone. And in the place where the shark used to attach to the yolk sac, there's just a little Belly button, literally. 'cause it's like a placental connection. So you could actually quite happily say that sharks have belly buttons. And at that point the shark is ready to be born. Wow. The belly button is the final touch. The the master stroke It. It is, it is, it is. So he is just sitting there waiting for this shark to finally break out of this egg case. You can only spend so many hours with your eyes open, watching a shark waiting for it to hatch. It's like the kettle. Yeah. You go to bed and you think, okay, well everything seems fine. But then one morning he wakes up And there's a little Baby Shark sitting at the bottom of the tank just sitting at the bottom, Like a picture perfect miniature version of a small spotted cat shark just sitting on the bottom of the tank.


Yeah, yeah. He did it. Yeah. He has a Baby Shark in his aquarium That came from a dead mother shark. Yeah. Wow. And so this Baby Shark is just sitting at the bottom of the tank and he's like, I guess it's time to let it go. Release it into the sea, Back to the ocean. So one afternoon, A group of us, I think there was seven or eight members of the organization, They pack it up into a cooler and they drive to the north side of the island. We get our wetsuits on, put our scuba gear on, transfer the shark into the box Just like a little Tupperware.


You'd put your lunch in. Everyone got cameras? Yeah, yeah, we've got cameras. Are the batteries charged? Yeah. Yeah. The battery's shush. Okay, are we ready? We're ready. Let's get in the water. So they walk out into the water, dip down under, and start to dive To a depth of a adt. Know maybe about 10, 12 meters. And they're swimming around the bottom, looking for a good place to leave this Baby Shark under the water With a little box, with a little Baby Shark. You can see, you can see the beaming smiles behind the regulators And the reality of what they're doing and what they've done. It starts to sink in The amount of time, energy, effort, dedication, concern, worry, built up over the, the year or so of development and then hatching and releasing, blah, blah, blah, Blah.


They're all just tearing up like their masks just fill up with, with their tears. Seriously, it, it was just so super, super, super emotional. So when it, when it, when it came to this final kind of like, now we're going to open the box and take the lid off and see what happens. Greg's holding this little box and he starts to open it just very Slowly, slowly take off the lid of the box and the little shark wiggles around a bit and then it kind of lifts off the box and starts to swim. I, I dunno, there was just kind of, I dunno, there was just a very, very kind of like emotional but peaceful moment.


It felt like many minutes, but it probably wasn't, the shark had disappeared, we weren't gonna chase it. We, we had no idea where it was gonna go next. That shark was the first, but it wasn't the last. The total number of sharks we've released to date is 371. Whoa. And one thing that science reporter Claudia guy from the beginning pointed out is that Greg had started this project in 2011 and I was reporting this in I think 20 20, 20 21. So he'd by then been doing it for almost a decade. He had published a paper on it in 2018 that essentially was like a how-to guide for taking egg cases and raising them to be rereleased in the wild.


And now there are other scientists in other parts of the world rescuing egg cases from these dead sharks. So it wasn't a question of, wow, we are, we are stopping a species from becoming extinct. It was a question of putting them back where they belong. Let's let nature take its course. And if nature determines that this creature will have a long and happy, fruitful life, fantastic. If nature says something different, it's nature doing what nature does. I hate to say it, they're gonna die. That's nature. Red, raw and tooth claw. When I was reporting this story, and I spoke to this one prestigious researcher, Nick Dovey professor in conservation biology at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver.


And in his view, it's almost kind of pointless to put baby sharks back into the ocean. He says like, these babies are just like a snack for another fish. This is probably the most important, least well understood fact in marine conservation that you should conserve the adults and not the babies. Nick says, just like put this all in a different context. Just imagine you're a farmer, You want to start an apple farm, I'm gonna give you a choice. Would you like 10 mature apple trees or would you like 10 apple Ps from my apple? And everybody when they see it, they're like, oh yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. Give the adults because they can breed multiple times right from the get go, Focusing on the babies and instead of the adults, it's not only a waste of time, but also kind of a distraction away from conservation efforts, Fisheries management or bycatch mitigation That do make a big difference.


These kind of activities are described as what are called feel good conservation. These are an action that make people feel like they're helping save the planet, but they don't have a real impact. Hmm. I had a similar question. I, I don't know, I, the more I talk to Claudia, the more I think they do do something, just a different kind of something it, you know, one piece we didn't talk about is everybody spoke about how the people around them in their community responded to this project really, really positively. And even beyond Greg's community, you know, there's, there's even a classroom in Spain now.


My name Is Hi ez. I'm a biologist from Spain Using Greg's methods. My Name is, I'm 15 years Old to raise baby sharks. So instead of having like butterflies, you would have a Baby Shark in your classroom. My name is GNA and I'm 16 Ani, 17 years old. I'm 14 years old. And in a way, it's not what's happening inside those shark tanks that matters. It's what's happening inside those kids. Honestly. I was like, eh, concerned about how are we like going to take care of them. I used to think of sharks as like mainly dangerous. At first I thought I thought of sharks as big and scary creatures.


And now that I've been taking care of five of them, I'm pretty much relaxed. People have been taught to fear sharks. Chris Lowe again, our shark scientist from the very beginning of This week. So the cool thing for me is if we've taught people to fear sharks, we can also unteach them to fear sharks, to appreciate the animal, The wonder of the complexity of their lives and the complexity of their biology. You know, we need to change. Change our concept. Get away from the monster image. They're not monsters at all. Butterflies or sharks? Sharks definitely sharks. They are more interesting. Yeah, Same Here. I think I would prefer sharks or butterflies.


Well that is a wrap for our week of sharks. Big giant whale shark size. Thank you to Rachel Cusick for bringing this wild idea to us and doing dozens of interviews to bring it to life. Thanks also to our editorial ground control Pat Walters for wrangling so many sharks. This episode was reported and produced by Rachel Cusick, edited by Pat Walters FactCheck by Diane Kelly with mixing help from Jeremy Bloom, an original music by Alan GSKi. And if somehow you are still yearning for even more shark stories going into the weekend, terrestrials our kids show hosted by Lulu has such a beautiful episode on the Greenland shark, which is the oldest of sharks, like the individuals live impossibly long.


It's pretty neat. You can go find that on This Radiolab for Kids Feed. The episode is called The Sea Troll. And one more thing we wanna give a huge thanks to everyone who supports Radiolab, especially right now, everyone who's a part of the lab, our membership program, your support makes big projects like this possible and we are so grateful. And if you aren't a member yet or are thinking about giving more, this is the perfect time to take the plunge because if you join or re-up now, you will receive a really cool gift, A limited edition week of Shark's hat designed by the awesome Maine based artist and surfer Ty Williams.


It's so beautiful and fun and it gives you a chance to show the world you support public radio in the form of Radiolab. It's available to everyone who joins the lab this month, even for as little as seven bucks a month. You can join at Radiolab dot org slash join existing members, check your email for details and thank you so much. Alright, that is, that is really it. We're stalling. I don't wanna end this thing. It's been so fun. But have a great weekend. Stay equal parts open and curious as you are wary of the shadows in the water and beyond.


Hi, I'm Michelle and I'm from Richardson, Texas. And here are our staff credits. Radiolab was created by Ja Arod and is edited by th wheeler. Blue Miller and La Na are our cohost. Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Rebecca Lack, Maria P. Gutierrez Anaan, Matt Keelty, Annie McKeen, Alex Neeson, Sarah, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Arian, wack, pat Walters, Molly Webster, Jessica Yuck. With help from Rebecca Rand. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, Anna Pazzini, and Natalie Middleton.


Hi, my name is Anna and I'm calling from Summerville, Massachusetts. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Simon Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred p Sloan Foundation.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.