
WNYC Studios is supported by Zuckerman. Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government, and in internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com,


Radiolab is supported by Progressive Insurance. What. if comparing car insurance rates was as easy as putting on your favorite podcast, With Progressive, it is Just. visit the Progressive website to quote with all the coverages you want. You'll see Progressive's direct rate, Then, their tool will provide options from other companies. So, you can compare. All you need to do is choose the rate and coverage you like. Quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Radiolab is supported by Mint Mobile. We all love saving a few bucks, but it has to be easy. No hoops no bs. Mint Mobile makes it easy to get affordable plans with unlimited talk text and data. When you purchase a three month plan. To get this new customer offer, go to mint mobile.com/radiolab. That's mint mobile.com/ Radiolab. $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. For first three month plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Submit mobile for details.


Radiolab is supported by Betterment. Let's talk about you and your money. you like to relax every now and then. Your money likes to work. And Betterment is the automated investing and savings app that makes your money hustle while you're catching up on sleep. Your money is up early, automatically reinvesting your dividends. Your money is a total workhorse, so you don't have to be, because you've got Betterment. The automated investing and savings app that makes your money hustle. Visit betterment.com to get started. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


Hey, it's Latif. Before we get to today's episode, I wanted to play for you just a tiny bit of a chat that I had with our executive editor, Soren Wheeler. I, 'cause I had a, I had this kind of burning question that I wanted to ask him, and it actually ended up inspiring why we decided to play this episode for you today. All right. Okay. Why are we really here? Okay. I wanted to bring you here today because you are one of the few people at this show who has been around for longer than I have. You started as an intern in what year? Sorin?


2007, I Think. 2007? Yeah. Do you know how many episodes of Radiolab you have worked on? It's got, it's gotta be north of 400. No, not that I totally, you know, made or, but you know that I had something to do with, Wait, how many, how many shows have we even made? Oh, it's Probably like as a show. Yeah. How many episodes? It's, I think probably around 500 or something. Wow. You know. Okay. I mean There's sometimes it was like a rerun with an update or we to put show little things or, and Of those you've worked on the preponderance. This is some preamble to you suggesting that it's time for me to leave the show. Yeah. It's time for you to move on. This is a Coup, you've all gotten together.


This is a coup and decided that, you know. No, But like, so my question for you put simply is why do you stick around? What after so long do, do you still get joy from doing this? And what, where does that joy come from? Where Does the joy I I mean? I, I guess it does feel like we kind of get to do anything. Mm. Like so many shows are, you know, kind of have to be in a box like crime or sports or this or that. But, you know, for us it, it could be we, we get to do like, I don't know, hockey and then some weird thorny legal issue and then black holes and then like academic publishing.


But the, actually the thing that keeps you going, the real joy like week to week, is that for each and every one of those things, there's always something you didn't know like or didn't understand. Like, or you thought you knew and then you realized you didn't, or you'd never even thought you wanted to know something and then all of a sudden you do, like sometimes thinking back over the last 17 years, it just feels like a, a fever dream of, of questions. Like, she Swam up right next to me and then came up and looked directly at me. Like, can a whale say thank you? Right. Right. Or how can your mom also be your aunt?


Or do You enjoy your bowel movements? No. Have you ever thought about killing yourself? No. Do we lie to ourselves? Why were you Laughing? I dunno. Can animals laugh? Where's morality come from? Why is there this group of butterflies or thriving in an artillery range? What makes someone successful? Why can't you sell your blood? Could we ever cheat death? Why do vegetables spark in a microwave? Can you think without words? Why do we sleep? How can you be a scientist and not know the answer to that? It time slow down when your falling, can we make a living thing? Babies do math with star one. Wrong eels. How does Chris and how fast can you play Beethoven's fifth Symphony?


Wow. Those are A LOT of questions that are, why Was Ted KCI so angry? Oh, you're Still going? Alright. Okay. Keep Going. I don't know. You could, yeah, you could keep going. You could You know. And that does feel really good to think about all the different things that there's already a Radiolab for. You know. Also, To me it's like, it's actually a fun challenge to find like little nooks and crannies where it's like, oh, we've never even gone, we've never even gone close to this Before. Yeah. And sometimes You know the answer comes, you just keep wondering things. The answer comes from somebody on staff, or you get a pitch that has a new question in it that you've never thought of before. Although, you know, there was, I have to say like one of my favorite things was there was a moment where we were all sitting around and realized, You know we are asking all these questions, or we're always looking for questions, but like, people are always actually asking us questions too.


Yeah. And so we're just like, looked In the email inbox and we're kind of like, oh my God, there's a treasure. There are some weird ones. Yeah. Yeah. There's some great ones. And so like, I think it was like 10 years ago we did a thing where we were like, let's just take those questions and make a show and just take all these listener questions and just hit go. And we've actually done a several of these now we call 'em like our stupid question shows, but I think that first one was like 10 years ago or something like that. And it's just, right. There's something about those shows that's really fun. I mean they're listener questions, which is cool, right? But it's also just like, it just hits the spirit of what we do in some kind of other way. And I don't know. Yeah. Those are, those are some of my favorite shows.


Yeah. I agree. Okay. So right after having that conversation with Sorin, it was like, okay, we need to play our original Stupid Questions episode. We call 'em internally Stupid Questions, but it's like a tongue in cheek thing. We don't actually call it that. The episode was called Big Little Questions. Before we get to that, I just wanted to say something that maybe you're tired of hearing but it's, it's true. Is the reason we keep saying it. We are an independent nonprofit show for us to keep doing what we do, to keep asking these questions that seem small but are actually big. We need help. We need your help, we need your support.


And the best way to do that is to become a member of the lab. The way to do that is go to radiolab.org/join. If you do that as a member, you'll get a bunch of great stuff. You'll listen to the show with no ads. We actually put up a bunch of bonus content for our members, including, you know, extra little conversations, nuggets that sort of fell out. If you sign up before the end of the month, we have a very special gift for you. Everyone on staff is pretty excited about it. I'm not gonna tell you what it is yet. But for now, enjoy this romp of listener questions.


Big, Little. Questions. Have fun? Yeah, you wait, wait. You're listening. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. You Are listening. Listening to Radio Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. Yeah. Rewind. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Kwi. This is Radiolab. And today we're gonna hit the phones. Hello. Hi, can I speak to Mark? Starting with this guy Mark Morrison. This is me. Hey Mark. This is Jad calling from Radiolab. Hey Jad. Good to hear you got a hold of him at his home in Olympia, Washington.


I'm hanging out on The front porch 'cause kids are running around, so you might hear some traffic. Okay, gotcha. Alright, maybe we should just jump in. Maybe you should just tell me the story. Okay. So I was DJing a wedding out in Lacey, which is the next town over. It was a hot, like late spring kind of feeling like summer kind of day. And we were in a, a little rented facility that had like windows on all sides. And all of a sudden the power starts flickering and it starts raining really hard. Okay. Then trees are falling over, the wind is gusting and it, the sky turns tonight.


Whoa. And this is like three 30 In the afternoon. So Mark takes off, goes back home, My in-laws are visiting in town to hang out with the new baby. And we open up the curtains, turned off all the lights, and we're just kind of marveling at the insane power of this storm that's happening. My wife is sitting on the couch, my 2-year-old is watching Charlie Brown or something on the iPad. And then all of a sudden there's just a loud snap, like the sound of a whip cracking or like, like a two by four being snapped in half. And about a foot and a half to two feet in front of my face right next to my mother-in-Law.


And the baby, there's a little sphere of light, white light, just a little orb the size of like maybe an orange or a grapefruit kind of blurry edges around it floating in midair as bright as like the sun, like the bright, it lit up the entire room. Wow. We all screamed. Everybody In the room in unison. And Mark says this sun orb just sort of hovered in front of his face, Kind of going WWWW For maybe a second When all of a sudden poof. It was gone.


Yeah. That's some X-Files shit right there. Yeah. None of us had any idea what the heck Happened. Well, did you go around the room being like, did you guys see that? Did you see that? Yeah. Everybody saw it. Everybody saw it. My mother-in-law thought that I had like taken some kind of like fireworks and thrown it up, In the air. It's like, what? What did you do? Like I didn't do anything. So what I did was I started trying to Google it and there's, you know, I mean, imagine trying to Google that. You're not gonna find anything. What were, what did you type into Google? Sphere of light floating in indoors.


Like, I, I didn't, I didn't get very far. Yeah. But I just, I just wanted to get to the bottom of it. And so what Mark did is he sat down on a computer and he typed up this email basically saying like, What the hell is this thing? And then he sent that email into the void, Which would be us We're the voice Yes. To our email inbox. And you know, it sat around for a while because we tend to get these kinds of questions A lot. Are there more stars In the universe or grains of sand on earth? A lot.


A lot. Is it clean beneath the sticker of the apple? Why do some birds walk and others hop? How do fish here? Why are horses special? We get things like, what's up with traffic jams? Random questions like, helium is A finite Resource. Why are we wasting it on balloons? Out of poop questions. Why is different animals poop shaped Differently? Yeah, a lot of poop. What Happens when you flush a toilet on the equator And they just sort of pile up? We sort of put them in this bucket. Yeah. And then feel guilty about not answering them And over the years. Well, They keep coming so the bucket gets fuller and fuller And fuller. So finally today we decided, okay, let's just dump the bucket out.


And so we're gonna try and answer some of these questions today. Bunch of us. Hello. Beginning with a question about the orb. Can I speak to Martin please? You're talking to Him. Try and answer Mark's question. I call up a guy named Martin Oman, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, university of Florida. Thank you. Is this still a good time to chat? It? It is about the only time because I'm gonna go to dinner in about 10 minutes. Alright, excellent. So we'll just jump right in then. Alright. How long are we gonna talk? Well, I, I'll, so I told Martin the story, thunderstorm, boom, glowing orp, poof, glowing, ORP gone. Yeah. So maybe I'll just put the most basic question to you. like what is that? Well, that observation is not uncommon. And it's called generally called Ball lightning Ball Lightning, yeah.


That's what it's called. And according to Martin Ball, lightning is timeless. Ancient Greeks described exactly the same thing. And In, the 19th century and 18th century, they used to commonly come down the chimney, come out the fireplace. Oh, wow. But. now it says Martin, we are living in an electronic world. And so these balls of lightning Sometimes come out of a wall socket, sometimes out of a telephone. Huh? And they happen in airplanes. They happen in submarines. Whoa. They, they that actually that's been reported. Yeah. Lightning strikes outside an airplane and a ball comes through the windshield and floats down the whole plane. What If I'm in that plane? I'm thinking you're Gonna hope you have your diaper on. Right.


Wear your, depends. Anytime you've got electrical stuff going on, you can make a ball of fire like that. So do we know anything about what causes, what it is exactly? Is it just another form of lightning that somehow manages to ball itself up and hang around? Well, Probably Martin is actually one of the few people who has studied Ball Lightning In the lab. He actually got funded by DARPA to try and figure out how it works, wasn't quite able to, he says what's likely happening is that when a bolt of lightning strikes, it might hit something. Soil, water, tree, Whatever it is, some substance Gets slid up and somehow forms itself into a sphere like a balloon or a bubble or something.


Like if you imagine lightning hits some dust shocks, the dust changes its chemistry so that it forms some kind of spherical scaffolding and then the lightning sticks to the scaffolding or something. Maybe that's what's happening, but you can't prove it. I mean, there's some theory which indicates that that might happen. But if you go In the laboratory and you try to make it, you can't make it. So can't prove it. And if you get a book on Ball Lightning or you get my book and look at the chapter on Ball Lightning, you'll see probably a list of 50 different theories that people have come up with, huh. From all the way to, to black holes and, and discontinuities in time space and things that are just You know completely almost out of this world.


So they remain a mystery, but a well observed mystery. Hmm. Did You know that people don't have any good maths for how lightning gets started in a cloud? Really? I didn't know that. We, We don't know what, how lightning can, can get started. It shouldn't be able to, It shouldn't really, based on what, but the math says there's not enough Based on all of measurements that have been made of the conditions in clouds. Huh. So you're saying The world is full of things that aren't understood. Almost nothing is understood. We're floundering around. Does do you, do you find yourself thinking about ball lightning and then suddenly just tiptoeing into an existential crisis matter how little we know of the world?


Well, so I make, my living is trying to uncover a little, little more bits by little more bits. But yeah, there's lots about everything. Next up, producer Tracy Hunt goes on a field trip to some very hallowed ground. Right? I think I finally reached the library. The New York Public Library. The New York Public Library Within its white marble walls is stored the sum of man's wisdom, Which in its glory days.


Okay, so I'm right here, In, the Grand Hall. There's like beautiful chandeliers all over the place. These gorgeous columns Was filled with Seven floors of stacks, Millions of books In every field of human endeavor, Row upon row upon row of shelves, 80 Miles of shelves, close to 50 centuries of human thinking and experience. And every year, millions of visitors like Tracy would walk through these hallowed halls. Each has a question with questions fueled by curiosity. The desire for truth, for knowledge, for wisdom, people trying to unravel the mysteries of the universe. I came here to ask them a question about catnip.


Catnip. Yes. Catnip. What, why, why, why catnip. Oh, I, I should back up. So we actually got like 500 questions from our listeners. Okay. Alright. So I thought it might be a good idea to take some of them to the library. Hi Rosa. So I met up with this woman. Nice to meet you. I'm Tracy. Nice to meet you, Rosa. And she walked me into this office. There's about like, I don't know, 12 people sitting at their desk. Why don't you just introduce yourself? Tell me. Okay, sure. So my name is Rosa Lee. I manage Ask NYPL. And I've been in this department for about five years. Ask can I what? Ask NYPL. It's 9 1 7. Ask NYPL I'm putting the phone number out there. And if you call them and you ask them a question, it's their job to answer it.


Yes. So we are like a call center. So our typical day starts with questions. And like in a typical day, how many phone calls do you get? Typical day, about 150 to 200. And Rosa was telling me that most of the questions they get are, will the weather be like this weekend? Very boring. Hey, my library card expired, or I wanna renew this book. But you know, also they, they get some weird ones. We take them all. Yeah. So I got a list right here. And In the past, they've gotten things like, what kind of apple did Eve eat? Is it proper to go alone to Reno to get a divorce? Any statistics on the lifespan of the abandoned woman? Do camels have to be licensed in India? What is the natural enemy of the duck? Can I get a book telling me how to be a mistress?


Ceremonies at a musical orgy? What does it mean when you dream you're being chased by an elephant? And, and do they answer all those? They'll try to. So, you know, I I was maybe a little dismissive for a few of them. I mean all the questions of course are very important. We welcome all questions. Please. This, by the way, is Bernard, Bernard van Marvin. He has been working for Ask NYPL since about 2001. And so the question though, he did answer my catnip question, which is, Do large feline species like tigers and lions have the same reaction to catnip as domestic cats? Yes. Yes. All cats like Catnip, apparently tigers at least. But you know, I had all these questions, so I actually had them pick one that they thought was super interesting.


Yeah. Which one did you pick to, to answer? Let me get the exact word out. Yeah. So yeah, so here we go. Could you play a meaningful game of Frisbee on the surface of Mars? Yeah. And Yeah, I really like that question. Yeah, that was a good one. And I, I think the word that makes it like just really shine is meaningful. Meaningful, Yeah. So the first thing he does, if You want to get me kind of doing some, some searching, you know, again, back of the envelope kind of stuff here. Yeah, let's do, And he I, guess I was a little disappointed that we didn't bust out any, like books. I'm just looking up Frisbee aerodynamics. He literally just turned to his computer and started Googling How does a Frisbee behave here on earth?


The spin of the Frisbee, of course lift drag. So he looks all that stuff up. Let's see, Then he looked up like aerodynamics on Mars. On Mars, it's Very thin, the air there. So Because the air is so thin on Mars, you wouldn't get that spinning lifting thing that you always get Frisbees. It might not have the same sort of hovering effect that a Frisbee does here on Earth. It, it probably would be more like just throwing a, a ball. It would just go 10 feet away, 15 feet away. I don't think that That's, that counts as a meaningful game of Frisbee. But You know, you could, you could still throw it back and forth, But meaningful. Well, to me the, the question is like, you're playing Frisbee on Mars.


I mean, that's just, oh, so that's, that's just inherently, it's already meaningful. Oh, okay. I mean, you know, growing up I remember seeing Hi You know rebroadcast of, you know, like the astronauts on the moon. Oh, Yesin, while you're looking that up, you might recognize what I have in my hand is the Playing golf For the contingency sample return. It just still happens to have a six iron In. the bottom of it in my left hand, I have a little white pellet that's a million of millions of Americans. I drop it down And I'm sure that they were not playing like, you know, PGA golf, But I could try a little sand shot here.


They got more dirt fall inside dirt ball. Here we go again. They were just, you know, amateur duffers. But There we go. They were golfing on the moon Three the die. One more miles and miles and miles I mean to me. That's pretty great. That's pretty, that's pretty impressive. So The, the, the, the venue kind of makes the whole endeavor meaningful, I think in it, in its way.


Thanks to producer Tracy. Oh Wait, I, I actually did ask them my dragons question. Oh. Oh, well then next up Tracy Hunt and Dragons


WNYC. Studios is supported by Apple Card. You'll love Apple card. It's everything a credit card should be. And more earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card In. the wallet app subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank. USA Salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more@applecar.com.


Radiolab is supported by Mint Mobile. We all love saving a few bucks, but it has to be easy. No hoops no bs. Mint Mobile makes it easy to get affordable plans with unlimited talk text and data. When you purchase a three month plan. To get this new customer offer, go to mint mobile.com/radiolab. That's mint mobile.com/radiolab $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. For first three month plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. I've got a question for you. When's the last time you did something for the first time? As we get older and our school years get further and further away, it can be harder and harder to find time and energy to dedicate to learning something new. So what's something you've been wanting to learn? Go ahead. Come up with something. Maybe it's sowing or growing tomatoes or ice skating therapy can help you reconnect with yourself and tap back into that back to school mentality and sense of wonder. It can also help you develop healthy coping skills and equip you with the tools you need to be the best version of yourself. So if you're thinking of starting therapy or picking it back up, give BetterHelp a try. It's all online and designed to be convenient and flexible to fit your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by new scientists.com, the destination for science stories that matter. If you haven't discovered new scientists yet, now is the chance to expand your mind and feed your curiosity. Every week a global community of more than 5 million people feast on the most important science and technology stories. In the world stories that will inform you, move you intrigue, shock, or just plain tickle you see for yourself. Visit new scientists.com/radiolab today and sign up for just $1 a week for 10 weeks.


Hi, this is Christina. Hi, This is Tracy. Hi, just Tracy. Oh, hey. Hey. Oh, you called me back. This question is from Christina Quist. I'm a native of Novato out In Northern California, And I was born and raised here. So yeah, love this place. And you, and what was your question too? So if you remember what it was roughly? Yeah. So I came across this article about these creatures called OMS that I guess were being, you know, washed out of these caves in Eastern Europe. What are they called? Oms, OLM. These sort of like blind cave dwelling amphibians. They're totally white, their skin is translucent, very like otherworldly.


And the article touched on the idea that, you know, folklore thought that these little creatures were actually like dragon babies being pushed out of, of these caves where, where these huge dragons live. So I started digging into it a little bit, and of course you can only find so much on the internet, but there was this idea of dragons being a sort of like a universal myth across, you know, different disparate cultures. And Christina started to wonder why it seemed that so many cultures all over the world all have myths about dragons. What Is it about, like humans that cause them to believe in these like huge scary fire breathing animals.


Is that true? Yeah. That cultures all over the world have dragons. Well, sort of, you have the northern European dragon that we're all familiar with. Then there's the Chinese dragon, which is a little different. It doesn't have wings, doesn't breathe fire. Then there's other dragon looking sort of things. The nana bole, The nana bole Among the Otto people in southern Africa. There's the Amaru associated with the Incan empire. Yeah, I think there's no doubt that we have fabulous, awesome creatures like dragons in almost every culture In the world. So this is Adrian Mayer. I'm a research scholar, In, the classics department at Stanford. And I'm most interested in is what sorts of things found in nature might have led pre-scientific people to believe that dragons or monsters or other fantastic creatures really existed, at least In the past or even maybe In the present.


Adrian Actually wrote a book called The First Fossil Hunters that lays out this theory that a lot of these stories were actually based on people finding old, you know, fossils and bones, Fossil bones or, or teeth or claws or footprints embedded in stone. So they'd see a, a set of old bones that they couldn't explain with any modern creatures. So the creature they go to is this dragon shaped thing. Yes. But I do wanna point out though, that we can never know for certain, which comes first the observations of mysterious traces of, of unknown animals or the stories of dragons. We don't know which comes first. She says it could be that the story about the dragon was already there and then when they found some bones, they just sort of applied those bones to the dragon myth.


Well if, if the dragon came before the bones, where did it come from? Well, there's another theory. Some scholars have said they're like monsters of the id. They arise from ancient memories of very real predators that were faced by our ancestors. Basically, Dragons are composites of the, these creatures that used to eat us in, in Hans and kill us like crocodiles, Saber tooth tigers and lions, cave bears, gigantic serpents, snakes, pythons, condor, giant raptors. So you can take like the scaly skin of the crocodile, the claws of the saber two tiger and it's saber teeth. The wings of these raptors put 'em all together.


So it says all the old terrors rolled into one like boom together. Yeah. They tap into all those fears that are already are ready inside of us in theory. I'm gonna go for that one. Yeah, I like that. That works. That that feels like an answer. Well, You know, like, like they're very powerful I mean they could be very scary, they could be very destructive, but what's kind of magical in, in Game of Thrones is that the intimate scenes also melt your heart and bring you closer to these creatures that should be You know burning your face off. Okay, So I I I should admit that I actually just used this whole dragon thing to talk to this lady at Game from Game of Thrones. you want you, This whole thing was just, Her name is Paula Fairfield and she makes all the dragon noises for Game of Thrones.


Oh, She makes the dragons. Right? What did you ask her, I guess is legal question. What did you want to know? Well, I wanted to know. I like, I wanted to know like, how does she make these sounds? And it was really interesting 'cause you know, we're talking a little bit about com, you know how dragons are composite creatures and she basically uses composites to make these noises. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, absolutely. She takes some noises from birds, Rey shrieky, bird sounds, Insects, Different kinds of reptilian recordings and stuff. And is it Always the scary animals? Well, it depends on, on what dragon that she, you know, which of the dragons that she's trying to actually create a performance for.


I have sounds I might choose simply by certain personality traits that I might wanna push forward. So In the case of Drogon. So on the show there's Denarius, who's this dragon queen, and she has three dragons and one of them is named Drogon, And she named that dragon after Cal Drogo her her hot late husband. So Drogon is like her lover.


We have to go home. He kind of has like a very affectionate, sensual relationship with her. He's whistling at her all the time. He's looking at her butt and going, Ooh baby. Oh sweet thing. Does it hurt? And so in order to kind of push forward this sort of like dragon sexual tension, I guess she uses the sounds of Two giant tortoises, you know, mating. Oh, that's giant tortoise. What does that sound like? Well, you know, I'm, I'll just play it.


Whoa. Oh, So the groan of the male actually became with some work and, and you know, adjustments and stuff became the source, the basis for Drogon per with her, With the airs. How far did you carry on me Drogon. We need to return. My people need Me. And the funny thing about the pur with Drogon was watching people watch it and giggling when they heard it, but not really knowing why. And to me it it's because it had that essence that that kind of sensual sexual essence, that person.


Yeah. Now I use from all, all kinds of things. And you know, I also used for Dragon fly wings to make that kind of funny flutter of the thorns. It's, it's moving. Like, especially on the end of his tail this year as he moved through, there was like a chitter and that was like dragon fly wings. Dragon Fly wings. Yeah. Really, I, I was wondering if you ever had a question about dragons that you would like to have answered, you Know, no, it's, it's curious because I think the thing that differentiates the dragons from creatures and makes them slightly either worldly is the fire thing. Where did the idea for that come along? That's A good question.


Yeah. Where, where did that come from? Well, there are many theories about that. Actually, I took that question back to Adrian Mayer. The one that I like is, is connected to the devastating weapon called Greek fire, which Was this unquenchable fire. It Can't be put out by water. In fact it burns and water. And so it was a naval weapon. And I believe that scholars have found that some of the nozzles for lasting Greek fire were shaped like dragons. So that the boat looked like it had a dragon on board breathing fire at the enemy ship. Oh, That's So cool. Cool. They're just stories of they had dragons that breathe fire would make it back to, to Northern Europe.


That's the best theory I've heard. Oh, that's interesting. So it's like if the dragon is a composite of all the things creatures that have scared us, now we're part of that composite. Well, it's our technology now is built, becomes part of the creature that frightens us. Thanks Tracy. You're welcome. Who is, what is, what is ah, who is ah, anything coming to mind?


What is say something Three. It's a fedora. I should have known that. You should have known that. All right, we're gonna take a break. Hey, this is Latif again. If you are enjoying this radio Lab questions hour, I got something to tell you, which is that we have a new T-shirt that it is available to new members of the lab, which is our membership program. And it says get ready for a drum roll. There's a radio lab for that.


The great thing about the T-shirt here, bear with me for a second, is that, look, if you invest In the show, you get the T-shirt. Right? but it also helps us make more shows, which makes the T-shirt more true, huh? Following me. So please invest In the future of the show. Invest In the future of your own shirt. You can check out the T-shirt design, pick your favorite color and become a lab member at Radiolab dot org slash join. That's radiolab.org/join. In the meantime, we'll be back with the rest of the Big Little Questions show right after the short break.


Radiolab is supported by Mint Mobile. We all love saving a few bucks, but it has to be easy. No hoops no bs. Mint Mobile makes it easy to get affordable plans with unlimited talk text and data. When you purchase a three month plan to get this new customer offer, go to mint mobile.com/ Radiolab. That's mint mobile.com/ Radiolab. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month for first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Submit mobile for details.


Radiolab is supported by new scientists.com, the destination for science stories that matter. If you haven't discovered new scientists yet, now is the chance to expand your mind and feed your curiosity. Every week a global community of more than 5 million people feast on the most important science and technology stories. In the world stories that will inform you, move you intrigue, shock, or just plain tickle you see for yourself. Visit new scientists.com/radiolab today and sign up for just $1 a week for 10 Weeks.


WNYC Studios is supported by Apple Card. You'll love Apple card. It's everything a credit card should be. And more. Earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card In. the wallet app subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more@applecar.com.


Hear that pumpkin, that's fall calling. And the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app,


Jad Robert Radiolab. And we are back with more questions. Next one comes from producer Rachel Cusick. So this question comes from Liam Hamburger from Denver, Colorado. Come on, Come on. I was browsing memes on my Instagram feed and there was this meme where the picture was of a husband and a wife trying to go to sleep. The wife was looking away and she was like looking irritated. And then the husband was looking like just kind of confused on the opposite side, the bed and the caption was her. He's probably thinking of other girls. And then him, I wonder if I ever bought milk from the same couch twice. What'd he say? I wonder what? Yeah, so he said, I wonder if I've ever bought milk from the same cow twice. So if I go to the store, I buy a gallon of milk, and then I go back, maybe a week later I get another gallon of milk.


What are the odds that the same cow is in both of those gallons of milk? I See. Did you? I would say the answer is almost certainly yes. A hundred percent. That's art. Benjamin, he's a math professor at Harvey Mud College in Claremont, California. And I'm also a math magician. And how is he so sure that it's a hundred percent? Well, According to art Benjamin, it all comes down to Probability statistics and dare I say cow cu. So take a farm like Dale's here. Hey, here we Go. My name is Dale Mattoon. Pine Hollow Dairy Dale has about a thousand cows and 20 at a time.


These cows walk into a milking parlor. They line up, it looks like a wishbone all Day and all night long, And they get hooked up with these black rubber hoses. The Air you're hearing every once in a while is the guy putting a machine on a cow. When he hits the button, it turns on the vacuum and then he Pumps the milk out of their udders into this big hose along the bottom of the floor running Through the hose down into this line. And it's meeting up with all the milk from all the other cows. And then it goes from that room into another room where it gets cooled down. This is the milk out. Put your hand on this pipe. Oh my Gosh. It's cool. There's condensation On it. Very Cool. Once it's cooled down, it goes into this rocket ship looking thing outside called a milk silo where all the milk from Dale's farm is just hanging out together.


Silo gets filled up and up and up and up until it's full. We're sending out over 8,000 gallons of milk a day on a tractor trailer. This truck comes along, picks up that milk, and it stops at another farm and another farm and another farm. Until that truck is full, right? Full goes to the processing plant. And once you're at the processing plant, all that milk is just mixed around even more with milk from all the cows In the region. And One second. Look, I still have my, my back of the envelope that had the calculation here. Here's where the math comes in. There Are about 90,000 drops of milk in a gallon and oh, I don't know, a hundred thousand cows who were contributing to a particular processing plant.


When You run the odds of a drop of milk from any one cow getting into any particular gallon, That's probably the case. Every gallon of milk contains most of those cows contributing. And here's the thing, in one drop of milk, you could probably have a bunch of different milk molecules from a bunch of different cows. And so one glass of milk might have, you know, thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of different cow molecules in my glass of milk. Wow, That's Crazy. Oh my god. So going back to Liam's original question, art's argument is that when you're drinking a glass of milk, there's like so many different bits of milk from so many different cows, then It's probably the case that after just two glasses of milk, you're, you're almost certain to have a cow that was represented in both of them.


So you're bound to run into at least a little bit of one of those a hundred thousand cows. Again, The the point being that every glass of milk has, you know, has thousands and thousands of different cows contributing to it. A little bit of 10,000 cows in every glass. In Every glass of milk. I love that. I Don't know that I do. No, it's great. It's like you're enjoying the collective efforts of this entire species almost. No, no. I think it should be the product of one or two cows whom you can picture in your head and maybe pat on the nose. Thank you. You could say, yeah, I don't know. I'm with both of you. I feel like it weirds me up, but I also think it's kind of cool at the same time. Well, you know, but come to think of it, what happens if you drink a glass of milk in New York, get on a plane, fly to Atlanta, then have another glass of milk.


Are you getting the same 10,000 in each glass or are they different? 10,000. Yeah, So I tried calling around a little bit to answer that question and it seems like no one really wants to pay to ship milk that far. And so basically a different processing plant might mean a whole different group of cows. Oh Yeah. If you really wanna figure out exactly which plant your milk is coming from, you can go to where is my milk from? Dot com. Really? Yeah. And you input the little code on the top of your carton and see how often that number comes up. Again, each processing plant has its own code Coming into so many stores. Thank you Rachel. Thank You. And just a big thanks to Dairy Farmer Dale Mattoon over at Pine Hollow Dairy.


Are you a big milk drinker? Oh yeah. How often do you drink Milk? Oh, well I have it on my cereal In the morning. And I have a glass or two for lunch and a glass or two for dinner. Probably two glasses each, each meal. If I don't drink milk, I don't feel good. Like if I go away on vacation. And a lot of times you go to Like how gives you milk cartons and cartons of milk.


How now? Brown. Cow. Cow. It's ringing. All right, this next one came from a couple. Hello? A married couple. Hello. Is this Marie? Yep. This is Matt Kilty calling from Radiolab. How are you? I'm good, thanks. I have you on speakerphone and Zach is right here. Oh, hey Zach. Hi Matt. How's it going? Good. Good. I guess so Zach Marie, it was years ago actually, they sent us an email about what I think is like one of the most confounding, perplexing, mysterious devices that you can find inside anybody's home.


Okay, so the microwave I guess. I guess what I'm wondering is how one, why were you microwaving peppers and, and two, do you, do you remember the moment this happened? Oh, I Know what it is. I exactly what happened. So, Okay, so quick scene set, Portland, Maine, a kitchen around dinner time. I Think we were like cooking a a tomato sauce. Zach was on bell pepper duty, Try and take a shortcut, stick 'em, In the microwave to make 'em a little warm or soft or something. Then I said, oh, Zach, don't put those In the microwave, they'll spark. And Zach was just like, You're crazy hogwash. I don't, can't believe you at all. And Marie, he's like, no, no, no, no. I remember seeing it as a kid. You Said there was a couple times her mom put some peppers, In the microwave and they sparked Yes.


My first thought was that my memory was wrong. That's what I thought I, that your memory was wrong. Like there must have been a piece of metal In the microwave and you just don't remember that. And That's what was sparking up. 'cause vegetables wouldn't do that. And this is going back and forth and yes and no and sparks and nothing until I think it was like we have the, we have the ability to find this out and prove this wrong. So that was like five years ago, In the past. So we decided that we would actually do our own experiment. In the present to get to the bottom of this. Do green peppers, spark In, the microwave. Maserati. First things first. I actually went and bought a microwave. Hey, how's it going off a guy on Craigslist? Yeah. So 50 bucks.


50 bucks. 50 bucks. All right, Our baby. And carried it like, all right, eight blocks back to work. Holy Shit. Also bought a bunch of groceries because we're gonna do more than just a Peppers test. And for reasons I'd rather not get into, decided not to start with the Peppers baby. Carrots, baby Carrots Is little carrots. Yeah. Producer Anna McKeen. So we're Gonna Catch, really? Yeah. Couldn't tell carrots. Okay. And as the great Ronco says of infomercial fame, I don't know Who the great ronco is. Great Ronco. Set it. Set it And forget it. All right. Two minutes. Let's see what happens.


Hey. And all of a sudden, My god, This little yellow spark just shot out from one of our slices of carrots. That was crazy. It was a little spark. Oh yeah. There You see another one? Yeah, I just saw a little flush. Wow. A little tiny spark. Ready? Hmm. Carrots. Hmm, carrots. Okay, next. Kale Say it. And kale. This is where it gets a little crazy. 'cause the kale, Ooh, there same thing. What? Boom, boom, boom. Sparks smoke. It's a smoke. Let's have it's smoke.


Smell that Jesus Delicioso. That Is smoke. We're gonna check blueberries. Ready, set it. And whoa, holy Time. We started to draw a bit of a crowd. In the studio. What? Why was electricity coming out Of the blueberry? Right up next. Reto grapes. Crepe crispies. Ready? Ready Time cook. You set it and Forget. Whoa. My god. We gonna go. Alright, what's up next? Okay. Jumbo francs. Shit, I got Turkey francs. Zero. Set it, spread It and forget. Oh, oh, I saw one. Oh. Oh my gosh. Okay, pepper, You set it.


Oh, Okay. Both red and green. Bell peppers. Green was crazy. Hey Pepper. We also threw in diced up tomatoes, pears, decorative Gord, Are we gonna get fired for This? And also, whoa, a flaming lip city. There we go. Oh, Who needs fireworks? When you've got a cd In the, this is crazy. Stop. Stop. Alright, we stop. Yeah, because I don't wanna, yeah. Is it gonna, it looks like he was on fire. Is it smoking in here? Yeah, it's definitely smoking. Oh, that Smells really bad. Alright, let's take a break Everyone. Oh God, yeah. We wanna keep the door open.


What did you say to Marie after the peppers sparked In the microwave. I think I was, I, I don't know. I was probably speechless. I said I was. Can't believe that you're right about this. And Marie, did you say anything in return? Probably something to the effect. I told you so. So peppers sparking the microwave that was settled. But then there was the debate about he Doesn't believe my understanding of how microwaves work. Why? Maybe it's just that pepper has a lot of moisture in it. Zach, maybe it's, you put the pepper, In, the microwave, all that water gets really hot. The skin acts as like tinder and that light on fire quickly. But Marie, We always have the peppers in our house and I think that the green ones taste a little bit metallic To her.


It's like maybe these peppers just have like some little bit of metal in there that's sparking. Yeah. So is your next step to find the appropriate scientist? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely gonna try and put this case to bed. Yeah, just give us one moment. So ended up trekking down this woman. Is it Caroline or Caroline? Is it Carol? It's Caroline. Caroline. Okay. Her name is Caroline Ross. I'm A professor In the department of material science and engineering in MIT An experienced microwave. I've done it with, with roast potatoes. Oh, you've seen sparks. Yeah, I've seen sparks from roast potatoes. Huh. All right. So yeah, maybe we should just like, so I asked her In the case of the peppers or you know, the roast potatoes or the grapes, like all the different food that we tried.


Like what happens in a microwave that makes the food just go like, Right. So let's say I got some pieces of pepper, put 'em In, the microwave. I press start like, what, what happens next? Okay, so there is a gadget In, the microwave oven that produces the microwaves. It's called a magnetron and it's a, an interesting thing in itself. Okay, quick side note. It's basically like this hunk of metal that makes the microwaves. But Caroline told me this really cool thing, which is they actually used to be used in World War II for radar. That Was In the forties. And in, in 1945, there was an engineer at Raytheon who was working on these devices and he found that some candy bar he had in his pocket got hot.


It Was like, oh, this cooks food. And so eventually a magnetron got thrown inside of a metal box and thus was born the microwave. So it's a, an interesting thing in itself, but it produces the beam of microwaves and they bounce around inside the microwave oven, moving at the speed of light. What are they, are they pounding into the pepper? Or maybe not pound, but like shooting In the pepper, they're Being absorbed. Absorbed. Yeah, they're being absorbed. And these microwaves, they are the right kind of frequency to cause the molecules in food to oscillate back and forth. Oh, you've put a pepper in there. So the pepper's got a lot of water in it, it's got other things as well. And those molecules start absorbing the microwaves and dancing back and forth and hitting each other and heating up.


And then that bit gets even hotter and even hotter. And eventually it could burst into flames. But that is not what we're seeing with our pepper or any of the food In the microwave. It's not, no, because as Caroline explained to me, a flame is very different than a spark. So One thing to keep in mind is that the pepper is fairly conductive. It's got all this water in it. We know that water can conduct electricity and the water isn't pure. It has a lot of salts dissolved in it, minerals, things like that. Okay. In that sense, it's a little bit like a piece of metal. Metal as we know, absorbs microwave energy rather well, as We all know. Yes.


So, Okay, so let's say you got these pieces of pepper in a microwave and they're, you know, keeping up. Now the thing is the microwave, like the wave itself, It has an electric field which oscillates back and forth that rather a high frequency. So when these microwaves shoot into these pieces of pepper, what happens is this electricity starts Swishing back and forth Through the bits of pepper. So there's a current flowing. And as more microwaves are absorbed into these bits of pepper, You can get quite big currents. Currents so big that they start to create this electric field around the Food. And that electric field builds up and up and up. And eventually it's big enough to cause the air to glow around the food Because now there's actually electricity coursing through the air, Like a fluorescent light bulb.


And Caroline says at this point you can start to see These glowing balls of gas floating. It's actually the air turning into plasma. Now, back In, the center of the microwave are, are a little bits of pepper where there's still this electrical current Swishing back and forth through those bits of pepper. And if you have sharp corners Like the actual corner of a pepper, even on the skin, like these tiny microscopic little points, the electricity In, the pepper, the electricity In, the air Can get concentrated at those sharp corners like a lightning rod. And at those corners the electricity will just build and build and build until Why You get a mini lightning bolt.


Why, Why, Why? And then Caroline said everything In, the microwave just sort of calms down Until the electric field builds up again and it does it all over letting loose these mini lightning bolts. So it's a very dynamic process. You've got things being ionized, you've got things recombining, you've got charge flowing, you've got light being emitted, things get hot. There's a big current flowing all for that tiny fraction of a second lot of quantum physics in there. And then we hear a little ding and then yep, We're done. And then we're done. But I just had one last job to do. How you two doing? Good. Good. Okay. All right.


So I think called up Zach and Marie told 'em everything I learned about their sparking pepper and that even though both of them didn't have the exact theory, like Zach was right, water's an important part. Marie was, you know, kind of onto something with this metal thing. Yeah. It feels like it's almost like a little bit of like a a a marriage of sorts. Pardon, In the pun between both your ideas. That kind of is what is happening inside this black box. Right? So yeah. So I think we were, we had some, some of the elements there. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. So that's, that's about it. Okay. Excellent. Oh, there was one thing that I actually thought was kinda interesting and all these questions we were getting in there was like this tiny little pattern of, of married couples sending us in arguments that they kind, there was, there was one couple that was like, they were arguing about the nutritional value of microwaving a potato.


There was another couple that sent in a very long email about how they'd been debating about how we perceive color. You've actually had a similar dispute? Yeah. That Oh, over color Was the couch. Oh yeah. There was a couch had, there was some sort of like drab tone that I thought was green and you thought was brown gray? I believe gray. Okay. Yeah, I think I, yeah, we had that couch for like between different houses and different combinations for probably like five or six years and maybe seven years, 10 years. And had a lot of life in it. And I was, yeah, I always thought it was gray. I still do. But apparently you and your sister thought it was green.


you like lived together for years and just never realized you're seeing something completely differently. Like, what do you mean our green couch? I have no idea. We don't have a green couch. Producer, Matt, Ty. Why do humans have two feet? When are we gonna be able to fax a pencil? The little waves go through the little headphones string?


I don't know. Is the world all about what here? What are we doing here? What is happening? What is happening after this, after this life? Where do we go from here? How How does that work? Like I have no idea. K, I have question. Why, where? How? I wanna know what I am curious. Like, I dunno. Who knows? Wanna get the answer? Let me know. Hi, this is Danielle and I'm in beautiful Glove of Vermont, and here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad, EBU Rod, and is edited by Soren Wheeler.


Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keef is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler W, Harry Tuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, Gutierrez du Ne, Newsome, bum Dumb, Matt Guilty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Valentina Powers, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Arianne Wack, pat Walters and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio.


Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation.


Radiolab is supported by new scientists.com, the destination for science stories that matter. If you haven't discovered new scientists yet, now is the chance to expand your mind and feed your curiosity. Every week a global community of more than 5 million people feast on the most important science and technology stories. In the world stories that will inform you, move you intrigue, shock, or just plain tickle you see for yourself. Visit new scientists.com/radiolab today and sign up for just $1 a week for 10 weeks.


My Keurig Brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it so I can keep grinding on my paper. you know, I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course You know I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say. It's a literal lifesaver. Cheers to that. Shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart.