
Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. That's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member. FDIC.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hello. And thank you for calling customer service. Hi, Naser. I know you already know this, but it feels like maybe you need a tiny reminder. Yeah. Hi. I was just calling because I was looking for a free subscription. Do you have a, I mean, do you have a promo code? No, But the things that you enjoy, the things that have value in your life, when You say a free Subscription, what do you mean? I would still just get everything that I already get, but I just wouldn't have to pay any money. Yeah, no, you Have to pay for them. Let me connect you with a representative who can help with your request And even things that you think like maybe you shouldn't really have to pay for.


I'm Sorry. Well, a plan where the electricity is for free. This Is America. How can I help you today? It's gonna cost you. Sure. Let Me find someone to help you. Yes. I Was looking to get the internet for free. The internet. I'm Not sure what you mean by Free, free cell phone. No, we don't have any free cell phone plans. No, please hold. And I get it. You're probably sitting there thinking, well, you know what? I paid my taxes. I'm doing my part. I'm contributing to public radio. But you know how much of your personal federal taxes went to public radio stations last year? It was probably less than 50 cents. Two quarters for the whole year. That's what you contributed. That's what you paid for. Welcome to Science Friday, everything. It's Notes from America. This is the New Yorker Radio Hour, radio Lab, Everything.


Ryan, everything you here, you're basically getting it for free. And we wish we didn't have to, but we gotta say, that's just not cutting it, folks. So please take a minute outta your day to support this thing that you mostly take for granted 364 days of the year. You can do that by joining the lab. Our membership program. The lab is part of what powers all of this joining makes it possible for us to keep making these shows for you. And you get something out of it too. Exclusive merch bonus content, ad free listening. And if you join this month, a radio lab poster. The poster's beautiful. It's by artist Tara Anand of a moonrise over the ocean from our kids and Family show Terrestrials. Our staff is obsessed with it right now.


Go to radiolab.org/join to check out the poster or become a part of the lab. That's radiolab.org/join. And thanks. Oh wait. You're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. Hey, This is Radiolab. I'm Latif Nasser. All right. And today I'm just gonna kick things off with our editor. Got Levels on my side, Alex Neeson. Cool. Okay. So once upon a time, it was summer.


Okay. Okay. Hard to remember now. Hard To remember now. Yeah. And okay, so over the summer, as you know, I'm a runner. Legit runner. A Legit runner Like you run marathons. So over this year, I decided to take the year off from marathons, and instead I decided to tackle the one mile. Okay. And I was gonna try and beat my personal record. And so, okay. As part of doing that shoes last summer, every Tuesday, like clockwork, oh, I need my watch. I would drag myself out of my apartment and head out into the city and Okay, watch set Leo Run from my house, which is about a mile and change away from Riverbank State Park in Harlem.


Okay. Gotta get hit by the car over to this trap. Hey. Hello. What up? To meet up with some people from my running crew. I'm okay. How are you? And it depends on the night, but it's basically 10 or 15 people who all get together to do these track workouts together. And as somebody who is definitely not a runner, you prefer this. You, you like running with people more than running alone. Yeah. I mean, I do this because I can't be trusted to do it by myself. Running is really hard and having other people there with me to do it just makes me feel, it makes me feel like I'm a team. It, it reminds me of being on a track team in high school where you show up for yourself and for the rest of the team, and you all do the hard thing together, and it's faster, it feels better.


It's just the way that you get it done. So on this particular day, it was super hot. It's like the dead of summer, and y can hear me over there. Ref closer Here. Come closer. Our coach tells us, check it out. We gonna do, We're doing four hundreds. The length of a track is 400 meters, so that just means we're doing one long sprint around the entire length of the track, and we're gonna do a lot of them head on And turn on, on Off. Yeah. And everybody sort of makes this collective sigh. And it's like, okay, okay. Always You wanna be running the run, don't let the run run you. Right. So we get on the track, we warm up, we stretch, we do drills, kind of get loose, and then we tow the line and we start immediately out the gate.


I'm pumping my legs, swinging my arms just sprinting for the entire length of this track. Oh Shit. I cross the line, I take a little break, a sip of water shit. And then I'm sprinting again, and I do another lap rest. Lap rest, laugh, rest. How many more do you have? Six. And that day I was struggling to breathe. Oh, come on, come on. My heart was beating super fast. It felt like it was coming outta my chest. And everybody else around me seemed to be settling into the workout.


I, I don't know, it just felt like I just like couldn't get it together. And all of these very, all these like insecurities from like childhood came rushing back. Like I was suddenly very aware that I looked like I was struggling. And there was all these other people around me who were just watching me struggle. And so I just wanted to disappear and I wanted all the other people on the track to disappear. And I just felt like I was mentally spiraling because the whole point of this, of showing up at these group workouts, the whole reason why I started running with a crew In the first place was to avoid exactly this moment.


Mm. And there's this adage, misery loves company that has been the sort of philosophy of my athletic career, if you will. The idea that if you are suffering through something and you're In the company of other people suffering the same misery, that it makes all of us a little more capable, that a burden gets lifted and that you just ultimately you can get through it. And here I was at this track workout That was especially miserable that day, but the burden wasn't being lifted. It, it felt heavier actually.


And after this workout, I remember walking home and just obsessing about this adage. And by the time I get back to my apartment, and for days afterwards, I had just really started to wonder like, have I had this wrong the whole time? Maybe this thing just isn't true. Like, is it true or not? And I started to think about like, okay, well I have to figure this out. I have to figure out, factually speaking, does misery love company? Like who can I call? What can I read? What can I do to get like real nitty gritty, real fussy so that on the other end I can sort of like stand up and declare it is true that misery loves company or it's just not You Needed an answer.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A definitive answer. So this quest that Alex suddenly wanted to embark on, we started talking about it at the show about how there are these things that you hear in your life. Well, you know what They say, it's the squeaky wheel that Gets the grease. You hear them in movies on tv, idle hands Of the devil's Workshop, maybe from a friend, a parent. Well, the early bird catches the worm actions Speak louder than Words. These little sayings, these adages, what goes up Must come down For sparkle that are supposed to be these little bits of wisdom, these true facts about how the world works.


And we just started to wonder like, are they true? And could we take Alex's mission and start looking at other adages and just getting really In the weeds and being like, okay, is there a way to objectively figure out whether or not an adage is true or it isn't? Could we put them to the test in some sort of scientific rigorous, kind of literal, almost to the degree of being absurd way to try to get an answer. So we pick some adages and the staff basically fact checked them, starting with Number one, misery loves company.


Okay, cool. So, so, so, so, so, so first thing I did, right? Right. Yeah. Oh, here we go. Was R in producer Simon Adler. And then I went on Google and typed in Misery Loves company study. And to my surprise and delight. All Right. Something popped up. We are rolling. We are rip roaring and ready to rock This paper published in 2021. Does Misery Love Company an experimental investigation? And could Kate, could we just have you introduce yourself? Sure, yeah. My name is Kate Hassett. I'm an environmental economist and I'm interested In the factors that make us do what we do or that make us tick, so to speak. And by sheer coincidence, I, I know where you're coming from.


She's also a runner When it comes to the particular kind of misery that long distance running Ken be sometimes. But Yeah, we are gonna move away from running. Okay. Because you know, like an adage should be sort of universal. Like it should be true in multiple situations. Yeah. Several years ago, Kate set up the series of experiments. In the first experiment, we wanted to know, do people actually believe this? Do people actually believe like me, This adage to be true, That being miserable in company makes the misery a little less miserable. So we asked a hundred people to complete a survey that said, imagine, Oh, glory B Someone, I just Love my New York City lifestyle Who lives in an apartment building.


But what I love most of all Is, and My view of the park, They have this view of a, a green park. Yes. Here, from my window, I can see all of the park in its glory. I can see the raccoons plane, the pigeons flying overhead, perched In the trees. But the survey says this person, and actually pretty much everybody In the building is about to lose their view of the park because Of a, a construction project. Mm. Like a big highway going in across the street. That Sucks. So the survey asks, imagine you're like the landlord and you have to go tell one of these tenants that they're gonna lose their view. If you want to minimize this person's disappointment, They're suffering, How would you inform them?


Would you a Who's there Go knock on their door? Oh, It's Tony, what can I do you for Tony? Hey Gregory, I'm sorry to give you the bad news And just simply inform them. They're gonna be doing a construction project across the street. They're gonna put up a highway that means it's gonna block your view of the park, That they'll lose their view of the park. Not My view of the park. Tony, I live from my view of the park. So that's option A, option B Gregory, it's Tony. Everything's the same. Tony, you tell them, look, Big highway outside Construction is gonna block the park view, but this time you tell them It's gonna block everybody's view of the park, the whole building. You're not the only one who's gonna be affected by this.


No One's gonna be able to see the park anymore. Your neighbors are gonna be losing this too. And so if you wanna make this person feel better, which one do you do option A or option B? B? It's gotta be B. Yeah, exactly. That's what I said. And when Kate gave out the survey, almost 70% of people, they said they choose B. So, Huh. But there were still 30% who didn't, but yeah. Sociopaths or something. I know, right? Like, I honestly don't know why you wouldn't go with B. I would, I would definitely be one of the 70%. But Kate says, you know, 70%, it's a big number. You Know, we took this to mean that people do by and large believe that misery actually does, does love company.


It can, you know, alleviate suffering. However, just because you believe something is true for everyone else doesn't mean it's true for you. So they did this second experiment. We tried to make it as similar as possible to experiment one. Everything was basically the same. There's a person in an apartment with a view, but this time the survey said, put yourself In the shoes of the person who's gonna lose the view. And then one group of those people was told, you are gonna lose the view of the park while a second group was told For your information. 85% of the other people in your building will also lose their view of the park. And then we ask them both Groups alone or in company, please Rate how disappointed you expect that you would be in this situation.


So, okay, when they looked at the results, they actually found that both groups were miserable. Everybody was just miserable, regardless of whether or not their neighbors were going to be miserable or not. I would not have thought that, Yeah. We didn't find evidence that misery actually does love company. What they found is that people believe misery loves company, but it just didn't seem like true that misery loved company in practice. Hmm. However, they did find strong evidence for something that they weren't actually looking for. And that I think was like way more interesting, which is that happiness hates company.


What does that even mean? Okay. So one of the things that they found is that if you're one of the lucky ones, if you have a great view of the park from your window, according to the survey results, you don't want anyone else to have it. Wow. You wanna be the lucky golden ticket winner. And it makes it better. It makes the golden ticket better if nobody else has one. Yes. That's sick. We're sick people. Right? We're sick. Like, what does that say about us? I don't like that. I really don't like that. I hear you. It's, it's a, it's kind of a tough finding that we're social beings. I think it's just the way we're, we're wired that, you know, what's going on with other people.


You know, it's, it's, it's not irrelevant. You know, I realize what Kate is getting at is the fact that we're always keeping track of what we have, of what everybody else has. And that's asking questions about like equity and envy and fairness. But I think I was actually asking something even simpler than that, which is just like when you're running with a group of people and everybody is suffering together, does that fact that we are together and suffering do something for us? Is it helpful? Senya? Hello. Hi. It's so nice to talk to you.


Yes, it is. And I felt like I really started to get an answer to that when I found Venia Venia Wolf. I'm an assistant professor of sports psychology at Florida State University in Tallahassee. And I research anything that has to do with groups and emotions in sport and in other performance domains. Amazing. Beautiful, beautiful, Beautiful. I guess like, I'm, I'm curious about this in your professional opinion and also in like your opinion as a runner. Like, does misery love company? Yeah. There is a good body and research out there and it's really, it depends. That is the answer. Not every misery loves every company. That's kind of what it comes down to. Misery brought on by fear.


She says, Where I am fearful because the situation is Dangerous. In that case, you probably do wanna be around other people, make, Make it less dangerous. So I one company, if I am sad, She says, with sadness, you're often feeling a sense of loss. So you want company to Reconnect with others to kind of like get security again. But the one emotion she said that kind of struck me was, Shame. Shame. That is something where I don't want other people to witness that. So that's something where I don't want company. And I think for me, that day on the track, I think a part of me was feeling that like I felt sort of outta shape.


Like I wasn't doing well. I felt slow, like I was dragging. You're Really getting into that rabbit hole Of like, I'm not good enough. I'm pathetic. And then The last thing we want is other people witnessing this. But even in that situation where we want to be alone, where we want to withdraw from others, sharing the emotion ultimately makes us feel better. Spina says, this has been studied with groups of people on stationary bikes, with teams that have just lost big games. And no matter the setting, when people feel miserable together, it helps them perform better.


Like they pedal faster on the bikes. And it also helps them feel better That that's at least what the research suggests. So to me, the way like this resonates the most is if I'm In the miserable state, I'm yearning for company. I am. Like, I want, I, that's what I want. I want other people to comfort me. I want people to reach out to me. And sometimes I don't have the energy to reach out, but I want that sense of like recognition and validation and like that somebody cares for me. So maybe I might rephrase it to misery can create Company How you feel.


I Feel okay. I We can slow down 'cause I'm definitely going too fast. Yeah, yeah. I'm definitely gonna slow down. I feel like I'm trying to make sure I'm not in anyone's way. No, you're fine. Yeah, I feel okay. I was come to the side when I woke up this morning. Get ready. That's Great. We have to take a break, but that gives you plenty of time to watch a pot boil. Hold some horses. Wait for a shoe to drop. We'll be right back This year at both Radiolab and Terrestrials.


We've spent a lot of time up In the heavens, but as the year ends, we're coming back down to Earth. We have a lot of stories cooking for you all, but we need your help to keep it all going. If you join our membership program In the lab, you'll get members only content and we have a new ultra premium tier In the lab called Whale Sharks. If you become a whale shark, we'll thank you. By reading your name In the episode CREDITS later this year. To learn more, check out a new exclusive poster or other details, go to radiolab.org/join. And thanks.


Radiolab is supported by Rocket Money. Managing finances can feel complicated and time consuming, right? But it doesn't have to be. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and aims to help lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and for those you don't want anymore, rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard also gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts, and can help you easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings, rocket money makes it easy. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Just go to Rocket money.com/rl today. That's rocket money.com/rl.


WNYC Studios is supported by GiveWell. When you make a big purchase, say a car or a new mattress, how do you make sure that you're making the right choice? GiveWell provides an independent resource for a different kind of purchase. A donation. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate first time using GiveWell. When you go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter WNYC at checkout, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last,


Hey y'all, every week unexplained it to me. A listener calls in with a question. Maybe it's about politics or love or NyQuil, fever dreams. Then I call them back with the answer. I feel like A large part of my world makes sense. Are you kidding me? There's something about hearing it laid out from a source I trust so much that is just like devastating. Oh my gosh. Listen to explain it to me every Wednesday from Vox Media Number two, an idle mind is the devil's workshop.


I always heard it as the idle, idle hands are the devil's workshop. Yeah. Idle hands, idle minds. Like people say it all sorts of ways. We're just gonna go with idle minds. Okay. And I picked this one because Wait, wait, Wait. Just tell everyone who you are first. Oh yes. Okay. I'm Sindu za of them. I'm a producer here and I picked this one because it's always felt pretty true to me. Huh? How? Like, how so? Well, I mean, of course the mind is never like Idol Ile, but when I think of a mind that's like not focused on anything, like, it's just sort of, you know, wandering around. That's what I'm thinking of as an idle mind. And yeah, I like try to avoid that mind as much as possible. Huh?


Part of it is that I just feel guilty for not being productive. Same. But also when I just sort of like sit around idle, oh, it'd feel so good if I was in a bath Right now I wonder what marcello's up to all these thoughts start flooding in. How do ants like always seem to know exactly where they're going? Some of them are fun or helpful. Did I leave the stove on? But like, that joke I made last night was so stupid. Others, I don't think anyone even smiled. You have to say something offensive. That was, but that's why he's not texting. Always do this Can really suck. Like, almost like the devil's in there trying to make me miserable.


Mm. Yes. So a lot of religious writing tends to regard the wandering mind as something that's not particularly desirable. This is psychology Professor Kaleena Christophe Hava. I study spontaneous thought and in general how people think. And when I called them to ask about this adage, they said, it's deeply rooted in our culture, This industrial kind of capitalist work based environment. There's this sense that there is a right way and there is a wrong way. And when you wonder, you depart from the right way. And that's sometimes how we think of a, of our own minds is time on task. Like if I'm focused on something that's good, Am I tasking right now or am I not tasking?


If I'm not tasking, therefore I'm mind wandering and that's Bad. But Kaleena says That's not necessarily a very rich way of looking at mind wandering. That's the wrong way to think about it. Huh? Why? Well, first of all, you know that like devilish part I was describing of my mind where it can start to just like obsess and like ruminate over things. Like Kaleena says that stuff isn't actually mind wandering anymore. Nope. No. For me, that's the opposite of mind wandering. Because when you start to obsess, you're back to a task of sorts. Like you're, you're, you're trying to solve some puzzle that your mind made for itself. Mm. So that's how people can get into like mental ruts, right? Mm.


But clean says, when a mind truly wanders, like when it's free of any task, this isn't the devil's workshop at all. It's, it's actually a place where something pretty beautiful is happening. Like an act of creation. Wow. And it starts deep inside the brain with these Bursts of neuron firing called a sharp wave ripple, Sharp wave ripples. Have you heard of these? Whoa, never Heard of that. No. Never. Okay. Well let me tell you. Letish. Yeah. Ripples. I love the sound of that. All right. So we're In the lab.


We are In the lab. So I, I went to go see one of the world experts on these ripples. I'm Uri Bki, I'm a professor of neuroscience at New York University. He Showed me around his lab rooms filled with wires and raises and boxes of fruit Loops. Rats and mice love fruit loops. Is that part of the experiment or just 'cause you wanna give them something Nice? We say you wanna have a good report with them. You wanna be friends. It's, they are pets Your colleagues. And, and one of the things he does in his lab is he listens to like the brains of these animals, specifically the hippocampus. And, and the way he does this is he like sticks these little electrodes into it so that he can see or really hear these sharp wave ripples. Okay.


So let's say he takes a rat and plops him into a maze. And maybe we can like play a song to represent just like the various neurons firing here and there as he like moves through and, you know, experiences like a turn over here or like, okay. Runs straight down this path. Like, you know, I, I don't know what else happens in a maze, like whatever, looking up at the researcher, maybe like, Yeah. And maybe you're smelling something and it's behind this wall, but I can't get behind the wall. Exactly. That's nice. And rat makes it through the maze. He gets to the end and stops and you know, he's just sort of like chilling, eating his food, drinks some water.


His brain is just sort of like humming around neurons firing here and there when all of a sudden there's this burst of activity, like tens of thousands of neurons fire all at once in this coordinated explosion. Extraordinary, powerful synchrony. Then It happens again, Then again and again, these Explosions of activity, these are sharp wave ripples and they're the biggest, most synchronized firing of neurons that happen in our brain, short of like a seizure. Wow. And Yuri says, like, when you look at them closely, you See these are snippets that are compressed versions of learned information.


They're actually just little sections of what the lab rat just experienced getting replayed, but super fast. Something like 10 to 20 times faster. So it's like, It's like instant replay. You know what I but like a little like, But like it's like, it's like, it's like sped up instant replay. Exactly, exactly. And not the whole thing, but like little parts of it basically. Yeah. Yeah. Highlights. Highlights reel, Highlight reel. And these sharp wave ripples. Yuri says they're basically the very beginning of memories being formed. They select which information will be remembered and which will go to the trashcan. And he's not like consciously experiencing this. Oh, So this is even be, this is below consciousness. This is all subconscious.


Wow. And when the rat goes to sleep that night, yeah. Those ripples that played earlier, they just keep rippling. And this is where the memory's like actually getting made where it consolidates into something that lasts. Well, how is it possible that I experienced something once and I will remember it forever? And the answer is that you experienced it consciously once, but the rest of the brain will experience snippets of it during the puls thousand times every single night. Wow. Yeah. Huh. There's more. The next day we can stay with our rat, our little lab rat wakes back up and you know, a postdoc carries him back to the same maze, you know?


Yeah. And now when he's just sitting there and again just like sort of resting before starting the run, guess what we see? Oh, the same. The same. The song playing not as replay, but as pre play. Yeah, exactly. A sharp wave ripple. And actually his lab is found that like the direction of the ripple coincides with whether it's like a memory or like a planning ripple. And the selection is backward. We are talking about memory when the selection is forward, we are talking about planning. No, that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's so literal. Yeah. Huh. So all the stuff that he described happens in rats.


It happens in us too. And you know that experience when you can't seem to solve a problem or like there's this word you really want, but like, it's just not, it's like In the tip of your tongue, right? You don't have it and then you just sort of like walk away from it and all of a sudden like bam, it's there. Right? This is the time the shops come very handy and you disengage and then a couple of shop phases occur in your brain. They prime the circuitry for you and then you can recall it like You've left the task. But these like little, you know, subconscious neural things are just working for you. Yeah. I also asked him how these sharp wave ripples connect to like mind wandery thoughts. Mm. Out of seemingly nowhere, I have this like memory of my mom cooking a specific meal or something like that.


Is that connected at all to this sharp wave ripple activity? I never measured it. I don't know, but I bet. Yes. So sharp wave ripples are good candidates for That. And actually, like there was a nature paper earlier this year that made this exact connection that these like sharp wave ripples seem to be the brain mechanism underpinning those like thoughts that seemingly pop out of nowhere. Huh? So how often do these ripples happen? Yeah. So he says that they can happen once every 10 seconds or even once a second. But the one time they definitely do not happen is like when your mind is focused on something. If you Are listening to me now, I guarantee you don't have a single shot.


Hmm. These ripples only happen. Yuri says, When we are idling, when we are not focusing on something, when we are not attending, it's Almost like a Digestion, right? So you go around acquiring experiences. If you don't have a digestion system, you are not going to extract anything from all these experiences, Right? So in other words, without idling, you Are nobody, you know, you are a zombie. Okay, so where does this, where does this all leave us with our adage? I just, I'm like realizing how off I was about it.


Like idling is pretty important. It picks our memories like yeah, solidifies our memories, imagines new things. So yeah, I guess like it is a workshop. It's just like not for the devil, it's like, it's like a workshop where we make our sense of our world and Who We are. Yeah. Beautiful. Let that mind of yours idol for a bit. We will be right back.


Radiolab is supported by rocket money. Managing finances can feel complicated and time consuming, right? But it doesn't have to be. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and aims to help lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and for those you don't want anymore, rocket money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard also gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and can help you easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings, rocket money makes it easy. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Just go to rocket money.com/rl today. That's rocket money.com/rl.


WNYC Studios is supported by GiveWell. When you make a big purchase, say a car or a new mattress, how do you make sure that you're making the right choice? GiveWell provides an independent resource for a different kind of purchase. A donation. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate first time using GiveWell. When you go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter WNYC at checkout, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last.


Hey y'all, every week on, explain it to me. A listener calls in with a question. Maybe it's about politics or love or NyQuil, fever dreams. Then I call them back with the answer. I Feel like a large part of my world makes sense. Are you kidding Me? There's something about hearing it laid out from a source I trust so much that is just like Devastating. Oh my gosh. Listen to explain it to me Every Wednesday from Vox Media.


Hello, welcome back. This is Radiolab. I'm Latif Nasser. We have already covered two adages today. One was mostly true, one was definitely not. And so for this third and final adage, we decided to take on one that it seems just, just has to be true. Number three, what goes up must come down. And fact checking this one we have, Okay, here we go. Here We go. Producers, Annie McEwen. It's, It's irrefutable. And Maria Paz Gutierrez Just a part of our lives.


It's basically law of physics, Right? I mean, for example, okay, ready? If you take an egg 1, 2, 3 and you throw it up, up, okay, down it comes. Definitely came down. Yeah. Feels very inevitable. Yeah, it Came down confirmed. But as we stood there looking down at our egg on the ground, we thought, wait a minute. From a journalistic fact checking perspective, all this proves is that when an egg goes up, it must come down. In this case there were 1.8 seconds between the up go and the down. Okay. And we started to wonder like, what if we could find something that doesn't come down like right away?


Like maybe there are things out there In the world that test this adage. And if we can find those things, is there a chance, a teeny tiny chance that we could disprove it even just a little bit? Okay, well what kind of things? Ah, the sweet sounds of New York. Well, we went outside to get inspired. I wonder if that's blood or ketchup. And after a bit of haphazard research into things that go up in which, okay, there's a pigeon on the ground. We chased pigeons. Slapping your arms. You chased them. I chased them. Okay. Hello. We are here to look for balloons. Got some helium balloons And then they're all dudes with their big pants.


Annie even tried to talk to some skateboarders. Excuse us. Can we talk to you for a second about jumping? Excuse us. Excuse us. Will you talk to us? Can we ask you a question? You guys don't wanna talk to us? No. Okay. But then it's a really pretty sunny day as we're looking up at the sky. Fluffy clouds, we thought clouds. It looks like the Simpsons. It does look like the Simpsons. They're basically just water that is up. And so we wondered how long does it take for water to leave the ground, rise up into the air, become a fluffy white cloud, and then come back down.


There's rain. We looked it up. And the average is about 10 days. Really? That's the lifespan of a cloud. Yeah, I never thought of that. The lifespan of a cloud. That actually doesn't seem that long. Well, but there are a bunch of things that stay up In the air longer than clouds. Like small particles of dust blown by the wind into the sky can stay up there hanging out In the atmosphere for around 20 days. Hmm. And then there are these spiders that do this thing called ballooning where they shoot out these long threads from their butts and using the wind and the earth's electric field, they lift off the ground and fly through the air for hundreds of miles traveling across cities, across deserts, across oceans.


And we don't really know how long they stay up there, but we do know they can only go without eating for about 25 days. So they do have to eventually come down to land on top of your head. Thank you. But okay, so max 25 days between up and down No LA of No, no, because then there's this bird, this little bird that can do something so amazing. It is just ridiculous. It is ridiculous. It is. So here's the thing about Swift's. This is natural history author Scott Denal who told us about the common swift. They are the most aerial of birds.


Their blackish brown could fit In the palm of your hand, have wings shaped like a boomerang. And they do basically everything In the air. They Eat nothing but flying insects. It's thought that the two hemispheres of their brain take turns sleeping so they can sleep while they fly. They are the only group of birds that mate on the wing. Wait, It has sex In the air. How does it do that? Are they both flying? Oh Yeah. I mean pictures on the internet saying they're just stacked on each other In the air. They're just stacked. Stacked, Yeah. Okay. And if they could figure out a way to carry an egg and incubate it on the wing, I'm sure they would do It. Oh. 'cause you can't lay an egg while you're Exactly. That would be a mistake. Yes. And when they migrate to Africa, from the moment they leave their breeding grounds in central Europe all the way south to Africa, through the entirety of the winter in Africa and all the way back on their spring migration, they never touch ground.


These birds lift up off the ground and don't come down again for 10 months of the year. 10 months of the year. Yes. It flies. It flies for 10 straight months. They only come to the ground for the, the, the shortest period of time that they possibly can manage. They have, they have stretched the thread connecting them to the ground. Absolutely. To the breaking point. Wow. And these birds, because they don't often need them, have very tiny legs and feet, so tiny that they Can't walk. All they can do is cling. Wait, They can't walk at all.


No. And it made us think like, just like that fish that long ago pulled itself out of the ocean and became a creature of land. Maybe the common swift is on its way to becoming a creature purely of the sky. But then we thought T minus 10. What about us? Like we have astronauts, you know The Drill astronauts, unlike eggs or clouds or birds, they have rockets. Rockets that have taken them farther than any other species has gone before. And then once they're up there, they can just stay up there.


You have a really cool big space station that you can fly around just totally floating, defying our adage with, I'm Gonna get Tim to spin me around Somersaults Olympic caliber flip technique back Flips. Then he can come right back up again. They are truly up Like Superman. And theoretically if they had enough food and supplies, they could stay up there forever. Never coming down again. So in conclusion, we have found something that disproves the adage and therefore the adage is incorrect. Okay, we are done here. Yes. At least that's what we thought until we talked to Dr.


Michelle Faller. I am an astronomer and a science communicator who told us that. Well see. Although it might look like the astronauts are up there floating. No, they're not. They're not. Absolutely not. No, they're not flying, they're not weightless, they're not in zero G. But instead up there In the space station, the reason you can put your pen right beside you, it'll just float. When you, when you let go of it, the pen and you are falling towards the earth at exactly the same rate. What? They're falling. They're falling. Yes. Every second of every day they're up there. Their whole space containment, their, their their capsule, their, their, their space station. Everything's falling.


They are freely falling towards the earth. Oh my God. I mean, if you've ever been on like a really great rollercoaster that drops, you know that kind of thing. I mean that, that is what they feel. They feel like they're falling. Oh, that's nauseating. Oh yeah. Some people get very sick. Yes. But, but then why, why don't they fall straight down and just smack into the earth? Well, Michelle says that these astronauts In the space station, they're not falling like how an egg falls ready when I throw it. Two, three, oops. Right up In the air. But more like if I took that egg and just ruin as hard as I could, as it's traveling, it is technically falling.


It's being pulled down towards the earth, but it's also zooming forward. And so it travels a certain distance before it inevitably comes down. He, okay. Now imagine the egg is a space station and it's just been thrown by rockets upwards and curving away from the earth into the sky going so fast, 17,500 miles an hour and traveling so high and so far about 200 miles up. That though they are falling instead of hitting the earth, you do, the earth curves away as you fall and you actually kind of keep curving around the earth. And so every second of every day that is up there, it basically keeps missing the earth, never landing forever, coming down and around and down and around and down and around this wonderful kind of stable path called an orbit.


But haven't we also shot things into space that did not go into orbit? Like, like we did the story on the Voyager probes, right? Like we literally shot them out of the whole solar system. Like you can't you say that those are just going up and up and up. They're not falling Well, Actually they are. Yes. According to Michelle, everything is in some way going down and around the earth is always falling towards the sun. You know, the sun is falling towards the center of the galaxy, which is a big black hole. We, we go around the center of the galaxy at about half a million miles an hour. So right now you are freely falling towards a giant black hole at half a million miles an hour.


You personally, Maria, pause you personally. Yes. And what's the galaxy falling? The galaxy is also freely falling. You got it. The milk, the Milky Way galaxy is freely falling towards the middle of a galactic cluster with more than a million miles an hour. Don't you see it? We are always falling. Nothing is holding you up.


I just feel like throwing up. I feel Yeah, me too. I really, really feel like throwing up. Whoa. So, so is this one true or no? Well, I, yes it is, but it's different than what we originally thought. Like when we started out, we thought down was like falling on the pavement like an egg or, or falling to earth as rain or, or landing on a branch like a bird. Things go up and then they must come down and then they're down.


But what we found is that all that stuff that appears to be down isn't really down, but it's actually an perpetual state of coming down. So maybe it's not what goes up must come down, but really Everything that is must come down forever. That sounds depressing. I, I don't know. I mean like, I think it's really cool. Like it's, it's almost as if we're on this rock, but we're just like those astronauts who floating and somersaulting and, and like flying like Superman.


Woo. Forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever. Necessity is the mother of invention. Yeah, I guess so. But let's think about all the things that were invented by accident where like no one was even trying to invent shit that day and they ended up making a new medication or discovering a new element or whatever.


Big thanks to Chio Ayson who performed our voice of wisdom for this episode. Morgan Freeman was not available. If His voice sounds familiar, it's because he does the underwriting for NPR. I spend most of my life as a disembodied voice. Yeah, tell me about it. This episode was reported and produced by Alex Neeson, Simon Adler, Matt Kielty, sin Dunam, then W Harry for Tuna, Annie McEwen and Maria Paz Gutierrez Absence makes the heart grow fonder. What are you saying here? We need some space. It Was edited by Alex Neeson and Pat Walters. Fact checked by Emily Krieger and Diane Kelly and has original music and sound design by Jeremy Blue.


Good Things come to those who wait. This one I hate. Awful things also come to those who wait. So what are, what are we doing here? What's happening? Special thanks to Pamela Dark, Daniela Marillo and Jonathan Schooler, as well as Amanda Breen, Akmal Tajihan, Patrick Keene, Stephanie Ek and Alexandria Iona from the Upright Citizens Brigade to Alex's crew, We Run Uptown and coaches Ref. And Patty from circa 95. Julia Lucas and Coff from the Nona Program. Diane Kelly, hilly Bressler, Kim Ward dw, and Tom Friedman. I don't know that I would use any of these in my regular life.


And of course, thank you for listening. I'm Latif Nasser. This is Radiolab. We'll be back soon with more stories, more questions, and if I'm being honest, questionable wisdom, but I can promise it'll be fact checked. So until then, Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana. And here are the staff CREDITS. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and lots of Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz, Gutierrez Ti, Rebecca La Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Viza, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, my name is Teresa. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betsy Moore Foundation, Science Sandbox, Simon Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Loan Foundation.


Celebrate the magic of the season with last minute deals at Target with up to 50% off toys and video games, you'll save so much while you finish your list. Plus, you'll find incredible deals on clothing, beauty, small appliances, floor care, and so much more. And there are even more ways to save when you join Target Circle for free and get exclusive deals automatically. Hurry to save on gifts before last minute Deals are over. Happier holidays from target restrictions apply


NYC now delivers the most up-to-date local news from WNYC and Gothamist every morning, midday and evening. With re updates a day, listeners get breaking news, top headlines and in-depth coverage from across New York City by sponsoring programming like NYC. Now you'll reach our community of dedicated listeners with premium messaging and an uncluttered audio experience. Visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org to get in touch and find out more.