
Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. That's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Radiolab, supported by Dell. It's your last chance to snag Dell Technologies' lowest prices of the year before the holidays. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel Core Ultra Processors. This is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade. But it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool. From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match. Limited by state law. Not available In all states.


Radiolab is supported by Made in cookware. As a Radiolab listener, you know, we like to nerd out and explore things like how seagulls from the 1970s shook up our understanding of what's natural and all of us animals and how far the moon actually is. The usual made in cookware is into exploration too. Creating products that help us answer questions like, have you wanted to cook lobster but balked because the process seemed too intimidating. When it comes to picking the right ones and what tools you need to dig in, it can seem like a lot. Armed with maiden's stainless clad stock pot and their How to Cook lobster blog post. There's no need to be afraid with their professional grade stainless clad carbon steel, non-stick and enamel cast iron cookware collections maiden lets you focus on memorable meals. Cook like a pro with made in for full details. Visit made in cookware.com. That's M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, Latif Nasser here. So, one of the things I've always loved about being at Radiolab is that we take a kind of obsessive pleasure in trying to get you closer than you've ever been to things that are An asteroid. Unimaginably big. Put it at 120 feet across 220 million pounds. Ooh. Oh my Gosh. We're microscopically small Into the tiny bits of the nucleus of the atoms or Far away. There's A place at the edge of our solar system, right at the edge. The edge of the edge, Or right there in front of us, but hidden from view, a Sword of organ inside the human body that scientists had completely missed.


And we go to absurd length. Oh. To make things so fantastically distant from our everyday lives. Feel real? Oh, I fell One. We built a cloud chamber in our studio, made a 500 person choir. Sing the spectrum of color, of mantis shrimp seas. One of the very first radio labs I ever heard Make me actually feel like I touched a star. Oh my God, they're so bright. That's really cool. Sometimes getting close is about getting In the mind of the beginner. There are many possibilities In the mind of the expert. There are a few Emotionally close. I get, I get choked up.


Why does that choke you up? 'cause it's so profound. We always try to get the person at the heart of the story to be the one to tell it. And Like, what if she died? Like what would happen? Like, would we have a funeral In their own voice? Did she know I was There? And if she didn't know I was there, did she wonder where I had gone? And did she feel alone? And is she scared? We hope those efforts have given you something, a laugh on a hard day, a factoid to drop at a party, a moment that made you feel less alone. Even just something to wonder about when you're lying in bed In the middle of the night. And now, here's where I ask you, any of you who are willing and able to give us something back, we need your support to keep building cloud chambers and visiting quasi moons and creating elaborate soundscapes so we can feel and see and taste and touch the abstract.


The best way to do that is to join the Lab Radiolab Membership Program. Listener support is a crucial part of how we get to make the show. And when you join in, it also gets you fun stuff, exclusive merch bonus content, ad free listening. And right now, a beautiful Radiolab poster. Go to radiolab.org/join to become a member or check out the poster. Also, even if you don't give next week in this feed, will be a short little holiday gift for you where, I mean, I can't even believe I got to do this interview. We will hear from a person in charge of a space mission that if you asked me last week, I would've said was impossible. Like you couldn't even write this into a movie.


No one would believe you. But it actually is happening and you're gonna hear about it here next week. As for right now, while we're making that little extra Bitted radio for you, I wanna offer you this story we did Back in 2012, which takes you to a place that fewer than 300 people have ever been with a view of the universe that is to say the least striking here is Dark Side of the Earth. Yeah. You wait. You're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab from WNYC.


See Rewind. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Krulwich. This is Radiolab The podcast. And we've just finished our In the Dark Tour. Yes. Which is the thing we've been, you know, yammering on about for the last year. Yeah. And we wanted to play for you in this podcast, one of our favorite stories from that show. Now, this was designed for the eye as well as the ear, this particular performance. Yeah. So you will not see the Palis Dance Theater, which means you will not see Oh my. Pretty amazing stuff happening on that stage. Yeah. Strangely, beautiful. Shadow plays on huge white canvas on a gigantic stage.


You could go to the website and you can see pictures@radiolab.org. Yeah. These guys are really, They're magic what they do. Yeah. Magic. They really are. We should also note that this story was scored live by the amazing Tao Win with Jason SLO on the drums, Jamie Reda on the bass. And it was recorded masterfully at UCLA's Royce Hall by Reverend John Delore. So here it's, So for our final segment, we were thinking through this show, we thought, you know, who would have a really interesting perspective on darkness? Maybe somebody who works in, in a, in a rich, dark environment. Astronauts, for example. Yeah. So we called up nasa, we talked to an astronaut. We connected our little studio in New York to their studio in DC to talk to an astronaut.


But he was a little late. And here's the funny thing, when you are on hold with nasa, this is literally what you hear. This has a blast off feel To it. Yeah, it does. This is amazing. This, by the way, is literally the case. You dial one 800, Nassar, whatever, and they, this is like, go to the moon music. Oh, hello. I hear someone breathing. Can you hear me? It's probably, I'm breathing.


That's an interesting way to meet. So This is our guy, Dave Wolf is his name. He's a NASA astronaut, Have been since 1990, over 20 years. He wasn't really sure why we had called him. What, what's our topic here? So we explained to him that, you know, we're doing the show called In the Dark. We're gonna do it on stage in front of some very nice folks. Do you have any stories that relate? And right off the bat, he says, You've triggered an interesting darkness story. I have. Mm, well, that's why we calling you up. Yeah. Oh, okay. You're, you're taping and you're ready. Yep. Darkness is an interesting theme in space because there's nowhere where the contrast between light and dark is any more extreme.


Dave has done dozens of spacewalk, and he says there have been times when he's just sort of out there floating in space next to the craft. And maybe the, the ship tilts a little bit, and the wing blocks light that's coming from the sun or the moon. And it creates a shadow. And he says, the darkness of that shadow Is blacker than any black you thought it could be out there in space, the shadow has no light in it. There's not reflected light from dust In the air, the earth around you, or clouds. It's just pure, absolute Dark. And you can reach into a shadow so deep, so black that your arm can appear to disappear.


Wow. Right in front of your face. Your head is In the bright light and your arm is in this depth of darkness And it's just gone. Like it's been cut off. Yeah. Wow. But I do want to tell you an experience I had in my first space walk late 97, I had this experience. Okay. It was from a Russian spacecraft. You might remember the mirror. Yeah, sure. Spacecraft. So Dave was up there. He was with two Russian cosmonauts, and he and Anatoli, solo yev, they were suited up and getting ready to make their first walk into space or his first walk.


And we did all the preparations to get the suits ready. And we're In the airlock and Door opened, and they floated out. We clipped our tethers on outside. And he and Anato gently floated to the work site. And it was dark out. And dark up in space means you're on the night side of the earth In the shadow of the earth. And there were no external lights on this spacecraft. This was really, really dark. And we were over the ocean. And at night, that basically means you don't see the earth, You don't see it at all.


Not at all. When it's a a moonless night, you don't see the earth. In fact, all it might look like to you is the absence of stars. Now, I want you to imagine this with me. He's up there in this darkness and the earth with all of us on it is somewhere far, far below him, but he can't see it. And all the while, and this is really important for what happens next. He is shooting through space. He's rocketing across the dark shadow of the earth at five miles a second. That is 16 times the speed that we're all moving right now. 'cause we are on the earth. But he says at that moment, he didn't feel any of that. It just felt like he was suspended in this cocoon of black Floating gently.


And you thought, All right, no problem. This is kind of Peaceful. 'cause it was just me In the spacecraft and blackness. And suddenly this blazing blight Blasts him from below. What was it? It was the sunrise. You know, because he and the ship were moving so quickly that the sunrise, which normally happens here on earth, very, very slowly, calmly at that speed up there. The sun comes screaming from the eastern edge of the earth, straight across the earth, lights up everything in seconds, And the earth lights up below me.


Suddenly I can look down 200 miles and see that we're moving at five miles per second. Oceans whoosh clouds, whoosh, deserts, whoosh. And he's like, duh. And I clutched onto these handrails like there's no tomorrow white knuckled in my spacesuit gloves, because I suddenly had this enormous sense of height and speed. He says, it was sort of like if you're just standing comfortably on the ground and, and then some, someone just flips on the lights suddenly. And you realize, actually, I'm not on the ground. I am on a 400,000 foot ladder. Crazier still in that sunrise moment. The temperature al also increases by upwards of 400 degrees in, In the, In the moment.


In the moment. Really, This is the most extreme thing I've ever heard. Are you air conditioned or, or whatever? Are you, are you, you are, we are totally dependent on that spacesuit. But the colors, what you're seeing on that earth is so spectacular. The, the greens and blues and the delicate pastel like colors and the contrast and the brights are just aren't present in, in anything I've ever seen other than up in space. Dave and his Russian buddy Anatoli, they're out there for hours doing repairs on the ship. So they are 'cause of their speed. They're going in and out and in and out of these days and nights.


So it's 90 minutes of a light dark cycle. So you have 16 nights and 16 days for every Earth day, which Means as they're working, this change is happening over and over and over. Every 45 minutes, they go from blazing light to quiet, dark blazing, light To Darkness. You can get lost. You get stories of people doing space walks that lose their orientation or feel like they're falling. And so he says the only thing to do in that circumstance is just to focus on your job.


Look straight ahead. Only at the screw, only at the screw. Don't look down, is kind of the, it's, it's real in this business. So we would've perfectly happy to end the story right here. 'cause Dave and Anato finish their repairs job well done. They get ready to come back into the spacecraft, but we cannot not tell you what happens next. Yeah. Because this, this starts with a very different kind of darkness. Yeah. And that darkness we will get to right after this break This year at Radiolab and Terrestrials, we've done a lot of looking up.


We named it Quasi Moon. We're working on naming another that you can go vote on now. We pondered what would happen if our moon disappeared entirely. But as the year ends, we're shifting our gaze to the future. We're looking forward to next year and all the incredible stories we have cooking for you. And I know we've said it before, but it truly is only possible to make these stories with your financial support. So if you've considered joining our membership program, the lab now's the time. Because if you join In the next month, you'll get a stunning poster by artist Tara Anand by joining. You'll get members only content throughout the year, and you'll be a part of what makes all of this run. If you're feeling extra generous, we have a new super duper premium tier of the lab called Whale Sharks.


If you become a whale shark, we'll thank you. By reading your name In the episode credits later this year also makes for a good holiday gift. Go to Radiolab dot org slash join to check out the poster and sign up for the lab. That's radiolab.org/join. And thanks.


Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. That's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Radiolab is supported by Made in Cookware as Radiolab listener. You know, we like to nerd out and explore things like how seagulls from the 1970s shook up our understanding of what's natural in all of us animals and how far the moon actually is. The usual made in cookware is into exploration too. Creating products that help us answer questions like, have you wanted to cook lobster? But balks, because the process seemed too intimidating when it comes to picking the right ones and what tools you need to dig in, it can seem like a lot armed with maiden's stainless clad stock pot and their How to Cook Lobster blog post. There's no need to be afraid with their professional grade stainless clad carbon steel non-stick and enamel cast iron cookware collections. Maiden lets you focus on memorable meals. Cook like a pro with Maiden for full details. Visit made in cookware.com. That's M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


WNYC Studios is supported by GiveWell. When you make a big purchase, say a car or a new mattress, how do you make sure that you're making the right choice? GiveWell provides an independent resource for a different kind of purchase. A donation. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate first time using GiveWell. When you go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter WNYC at checkout, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year. Or as long as matching funds last.


Hey, Latif, Radiolab, picking back up with our story of astronauts, Dave Wolf and Anat Solovyev. So the two of them pull themselves by their tethers to come back into the airlock to go Back in. But When it was time to come Back in, They couldn't get Back in. You were locked out of your spaceship Y you could call it locked out. We, we were trapped outside. Yes. Essentially their airlock was busted. They, they couldn't repressurize it. And if you can't get it at the right pressure, you can't reenter. No. And we worked on it for four or five hours and ran out our resources and we Wait a second. Ran out of, oh yeah, we, I mean, oxygen or what? We have plenty of oxygen. It turns out that what you run out of first is your carbon dioxide scrubbing unit that takes the CO2 outta your suit.


And now the problem with this one is usually in a space accident, you figure it'll only hurt for a moment. But when you die of CO2 intoxication, that drags out. That's not, that's a, that's a miserable way to go. What does, what does he mean? Did you ever find out I it up? What happens is, first you get a headache and then your muscles start to twitch. Eventually your heartbeat starts to accelerate faster, faster, faster. You go into convulsions and then you die. Luckily the life support system has an extra cartridge that gave us an extra six or so hours.


We used all that and trying to fix the hatch and we couldn't get it to hold air. And we were done. Did you know you were done? I mean you were you Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. And And you mean done like in over? Yeah. Yeah. No more ideas Done like in debt. So they decide, okay, we gotta do something last ditch maneuver. If we can't get our usual airlock to work, maybe we can make a new one. Because see on the Mere Space station, it's this big cylinder with these rectangular modules that jut out.


And one of those modules is the airlock. But there are these adjacent ones, which are normally just living quarters. They thought, well, if we can't get our usual airlock to pressurize at the right, you know, pressure, maybe we can go to the next one over and try and pressurize it. Essentially treating that next module in as a airlock. And we opened the hatch into that next module. And in order though, to go into it, we had to disconnect our umbilicals. 'cause you can't close the hatch over your umbilical. Right, right. And the umbilical was providing our cooling to our suits. So as soon as we disconnected, well that gives you maybe five, eight minutes at max Before you, before you.


What? I don't even wanna talk about it. It, it's so bad. Did you, did you look that up? Yeah, I looked this one up too. Essentially what happens is you boil inside your space suit in A very ugly way. So Dave and Ed totally think, okay, we've gotta get through this tiny hatch into this room and they've gotta do it fast. But they also know if You struggle hard and go too fast, you won't get much time at all in that suit before that heat builds up on you. So he thinks, okay, hurry, hurry. But slowly, slowly. What I did not anticipate was as soon as we disconnected our umbilicals, that the visor would fog up and you'd now be having to feel your way through.


So you're blind. Yeah. You could spit and kind of get a little area through the, the fog. So I'm In the airlock trying to make my way into the next section. And I was crawling along the wall, moving into the next section, and I spit on my visor, you know, to make a little hole to look through and get a hint. And it was an area I had been sleeping in some weeks before. And I had left a picture of my family taped with scotch tape on the wall. And I spit on the visor and I, my helmet light went there and there was this picture of my family right here in this moment as I was scooting across the wall in what was likely my last minutes.


So this is how it's going to end. So this is it. And it, look, it's so strange. There they are. And I look back at that and I shudder. Now, of course Dave and his partner made it back into the space station. Barely. But it didn't strike me really till months later on the earth how, how, how close that had been. And what a strange situation This Russian guy must be your best friend like, like He must be.


Yeah, we do lucky. Lucky have to probably call each other and say 20 years later you go, Well, not many people have been through anything like that together. Oh my God. And, and are there to talk about it. And you just reminded me of something. So we're gonna leave you with one last story from Dave. He was kinda a story machine. This is from that same stay in space, involves the same friend Anato. They were out there doing some work on the ship, you know, floating in space again. And then mission control radios and tells them to pause for a While. We had a period where we had to wait through the night to go on with our work. So he said, look David, it was all in rushing, of course I wanted to show you something.


And we cooked our tethers on, pushed ourselves about six feet away. We had about six feet of tether so that our eyes couldn't see anything but out in space. And I, I, I turned my air conditioner down a little off, you know, so it was kind of warm and I was floating in this spacesuit just looking out into the blackness of space. And I felt like I didn't have a spacesuit on. It was so comfortable. The air temperature was just right. I felt like I was just out In the universe In the stars.


I couldn't see anything but stars all around me. I couldn't feel anything outside of spacecraft going five miles per second out In the universe. Was that what he wanted to show you? Yeah, I think so. This is his rocking chair on the front porch thing, Or a hammock almost. He didn't want to talk. He said, let's just be quiet. Turn your helmet light off so you don't get any reflected light. Just relax, sla, relax, relax, relax.


Now had you been there In the theater, this is the moment where we gave everybody a little pinpoint of light, a little hand carried star that they could put over their heads and wave together. Like 2000 tiny little lights from the seats. It's like a canopy of stars. We saw this happen again and again, like 18 times, I think we performed this and every time it was just like breathtaking. Yeah.


This whole show came together. Thanks to so many people on stage and off. And we wanna make a couple of thank yous before we go. Very, Very special thanks to Meg Bowles who found our Astronaut. She found Dave Wolf. Yes. Also to Palis the dance company and to the Palla. Yes. Starting with Imar kbi Lily bins. Matt Kent, Renee Jaworski. Greg Laffy, yes. And the dancers. Chris Whitney, Heather Tto, Anthony Oliva, Christina Conjure, Evan Adler, Ann Kashif, and The Vera twins. Edwin and Roberto. We love you guys. Yeah. Dmitri Martin, thank you so much for coming and you know, creating this show with us. Tao Winn and Jason Slo, thank you so much to them. And Mike Faba, Jake Fine, Serena Wong, John Delore, Melissa lacoe, Dave Foley, Nick sro, Caitlyn Fitzwater, Rebecca Laer, and Rosalyn Lutin.


Lutz Lutz, most of all, most, most, most of all. To Alan Horn, who love doing this and made it so fun to do. Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana, and here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abara and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and lots of Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Blum, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz, Gutierrez Nan, Matt Kielty, Rebecca l Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sand Back, Anisa Viza, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, my name is Teresa. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betsy Moore Foundation Science Sandbox, same Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Loan Foundation. Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs.


Since then, New York public radio's rigorous journalism, has gone on to win a Peabody Award and a DuPont Columbia Award among others. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.