
WNYC Studios is supported by the National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health. The Inside Cancer Careers podcast takes you behind the scenes to explore the world of cancer research, meet the passionate individuals making a difference from global health to bioinformatics. Discover your career path in the fight to end cancer, as we know it. Inside Cancer Careers is supported by the National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health. You can find it wherever you listen to podcasts.


Radiolab is supported by the Allen Institute. The Allen Institute is a nonprofit bioscience research I institution dedicated to understanding the fundamentals of our brains cells and immune systems. They're undertaking large scale foundational research to answer some of the biggest questions facing life sciences today. And they're sharing their data and tools publicly to accelerate scientific discovery globally. To see how visit them@alleninstitute.org slash allin.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates Not available In all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Radiolab is supported by the John Templeton Foundation funding interdisciplinary research and catalyzing conversations designed to inspire awe and wonder, dive deeply into the wonders of the universe@templeton.org.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. See? See? Yeah. Here you go. How do, here you go. What are you eating? It's a apple. Can I have a bite of the apple? No. Why not? 'cause it's too yummy.


It's too yummy. It looks so yummy. I am Lano. This is Radiolab. And that is my 4-year-old son who every single night before bed eats an apple, which seems a little silly to say, just because honestly, that's something I never thought twice about. All right. I'm good. Yeah. Great. Until, first of all, can I just say, I had the conversation I'm about to share with you. It's such an honor for me to read this book. Thank you. This is Nicola Twilley. She's one of my favorite living science writers. She has written for the New Yorker, the New York Times Magazine, wired among other places.


She hosts a podcast called Gastropod, and she just came out with a book that I had been hearing about from her for years, honestly, ever since I first met her. You were already working on stuff That was like, Oh, no. That Was like 10 or more years ago, I would say in total. It's coming up on 15. I really don't recommend that to anyone, but, But it's an amazing book. It's called Frostbite. It's all about the crazy things that we do to our foods to get them from the farm to our table. And as the title suggests, a lot of the book is about refrigeration, which is of course, why my son can eat a crunchy apple in January.


But, but our conversation actually ended up going way beyond refrigeration to some pretty surreal places and even psychedelic seeming technologies. Oh, yeah. We are truly playing God with fruits and vegetables. So today on Radiolab, I wanna play this conversation with Nicola For you. It takes us from apples to salads to meat. It takes us from cold to warm. It completely changed my idea of what it even means to call something fresh. But it, it started off actually just talking about all about the different refrigerated places that our food lives on its way to our mouths.


Well, this is the food superhighway. It is the sort of behind the scenes series of, of spaces that we've built for our, our food to live in and move around in. And it's basically invisible and out of sight. And yet that is where roughly three quarters of everything that, that we eat on average, spends time in that space. So yeah, that's a, that's a good way of thinking about it. The other way of thinking about it is sort of a, a, a time machine of sorts. It Go, go say more about that. Yeah. Well, because this is a funny thing that it took me a while to realize, but the way refrigeration works is it just makes everything slow.


This applies across life, but Like, but like just in general, or like, like, like on a, on a cellular level. Well, so It from the largest scale to the smallest scale. So when you work in a refrigerated warehouse, you are slower at doing the same tasks measurably than someone in an ambient temperature warehouse. But all of your cells are also working more slowly individually, and your brain is firing more slowly. It's just, it's just slowed down reality. And that's how it preserves food too. It just stops fungi, microbes, bacteria by slowing them down. And then, then for things like fruit and vegetables, which like us are alive, it just slows them down like it does us.


So they breathe more slowly and they last longer. Okay. So that, that is literally how cold works. It's time machine. It slows everything down. Now, I have to say at this point, I honestly was not even thinking what the fact that fruits and vegetables are alive. But Ola said, as soon as you pick them, they're starting to die. And the whole point of the food system is to Prolong the death processes of fruits and vegetables. And she says, when it comes to what we do to delay that process, refrigeration is just the tip of the iceberg, so to speak. Oh, Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. And to explain, she actually told me a story that goes back to the earliest uses of refrigeration back in World War I.


So during the first World War, Britain realized that it didn't have enough food to feed itself, and there was sort of a mass panic. So they set up this institute and they start to work on apples. Long story short, they're able to keep apples refrigerated for a year. What? I didn't even know that's possible. Oh, yeah. Like I, I get like a month or two months or something like that. Oh, yeah. Okay. Sorry. I cut you off. England. They figured this out. Okay. Their first lot of Granny Smiths are coming out, you know, they went in, in, in the autumn. They're coming out in the spring. There's headlines in the newspapers. Wow. Wow. Wow. But there's a problem. Okay. But it turns out that elderly apples seem to emit something that is prematurely aging.


Younger apples Spoiling their younger competition. Exactly. But they're also messing up other fruits and vegetables. They're, they're causing pea shoots to grow all novelly. They're turning bananas into mush. No one can understand it. Like, what is this apple power that, and it's Something that's in the apple like that. Well, it Seems to be in the air around the elderly apples. Okay. Total mystery. But what they eventually realized is that in the air floating around these elderly apples is something called Ethylene. Ethylene. It's a hydrocarbon, it's One of the components in oil and natural gas. And in fact, a Russian scientist earlier in the late 18 hundreds had discovered that plants and, and in particular trees living and growing near gas street lamps would not grow as well.


They would, they would, they were being poisoned. So it was known ethylene was as a sort of plant poison. But Weirdly, the same thing that the street lamp are emitting, that is a plant poison. The plants are emitting themselves. How, how is this possible? But it turns out that ethylene is something else as well's, actually a plant hormone Plants, it turns out, use ethylene as a sort of developmental signal sent between cells. So What it does is it tells a plant to move on to the next phase of his existence. Hmm. Like if you spray ethylene over a field of pineapple plants, they all burst into bloom.


It's like puberty. Exactly. The way that, you know, in our bodies, testosterone might tell your hair to grow. Right? Like, you know, the apple is using ethylene to tell its little, you know, apple cells, Hey, time to lose your crispiness and your crunchiness and become mushy so that a bear will pick you up and eat you and scatter the seeds in the forest. So the British scientists figure out how to block ethylene, which for these apples that they're trying to store, it's like they're telling You must stay in eternal youth And it solves the rotting apple problem. But then they figure out how to use it for other plants, which is well, also turns out to be an amazing tool because it turns out to be the key to ripening bananas.


Hmm. So a banana, if you wanna harvest a banana grows in a tropical country, and you want to eat it in a nontropical country, you have to harvest it when it's green and unripe and refrigerate it. And then you get it to the destination, it's not gonna ripen on its own. Oh, I see. I knew that part, but I didn't know the, that's like the switch to turn it on on the other side. That's the switch. Ethylene is the, is the cue to the banana to be like, great, now I'm gonna rip it and become a yellow squishy banana. And then you have like 48 hours to get it to the grocery store before it, you know, starts turning into banana bread.


Yes, that's right. Right, right, right. So, and wait. And so, okay, so you said, so it ripens, it ripens apples, it ripens Bananas. No, it ripen, it ripens bananas and avocados. It keeps celery, white prevents it from going green. It turns lemons. Yellow and orange is orange. I mean, every lemon you buy, for example, has typically been blasted with ethylene to be yellow. And it turns out, if you expose root systems to ethylene, they get bigger. So tomatoes, for example, will have their roots dipped in ethylene before they're planted. I, I mean, our whole fruit and vegetable world is built on using ethylene to control Wow.


Fruit and vegetable responses. They should Just give us that to do that at home. They should just give us the green bananas and a little pack of ethylene, and then you could just do it at home. Well, I think this, here's, here's the problem. Laish turns out to also be super fun to huff. No. Okay. It was like the party drug of the 1920s. It was Really, yes. Real quick. The stories that these scientists who had discovered ethylene, You know, they did what scientists always do. They huffed some of it themselves. Mm. And it's an amazing paper. You can download it, you know, and, and read it. And it's the, the journal of the American Medical Association, When, what does it say?


They're like, we felt a sense of wellbeing and exhilaration. But you can tell that they are having the time of their life. Yeah. Yeah. One and one of their friends just can't stop giggling, which they report. One of them says, his report is like, I felt such bliss that I would be satisfied to lie down under the influence of this drug for the rest of my life. Just, This is just one more reason to buy apples, you know? Well, so the reason I got, So just one more historical note about ethylene, and then we'll get back to food. I swear I just can't resist. So it turns out that as Nicola was researching this book, she came across a very fascinating theory. The Ethylene is what the priestesses at the oracle of Delphi were.


Huffing what the oracle of Delphi, of course, was the, the one of the most famous oracles of ancient Greek history. And anyone who was, anyone who would go there and ask for a, you know, advice, when should they plant their crops? Should they invade their neighboring country? Whatever. And the way it worked was a priestess would hear your question. They would go down into this little subterranean cave under the temple where there was a spring, and they would quote unquote, you know, commune with the oracle and drink from the spring. And then they would relay a message to a priest. Okay. Who would then interpret that back to the person who was asking the question.


Anyway, Couple decades ago, the Greeks were wanting to build power plants over the same area. And a geologist who was studying that land discovered that this area had oil in it underneath the spring. And it seemed like some of the ethylene was sort of offgassing into that spring and into that cave. So the theory is The priestesses at Delphi were huffing ethylene. They were talking and excited and incoherent, sort of gibberish. And then the priest was relaying that message. That's what was happening. This plant hormone, that is a hydrocarbon, that is, you know, turns out to also be the real oracle.


Right. That's the real oracle. But Yeah. Yeah. It's also, I mean, I was like, wow, ethylene is so powerful. This is incredible. And then it turns out that the fruit and vegetable use of ethylene is like this tiny, tiny little drop in the ocean. Because Compared to what Plastic? Huh? All plastic is made using ethylene. It is the building block of polyethylene, which is everything. So basically, this is why ethylene turns out to be the most produced organic chemical in the world. Wow. Because it is the bedrock of all plastics. And so we're making this AAC fruit and vegetable messenger.


We're using it to make plastic bags. We're gonna take a quick little break. When we come back, we're gonna shift from apples to arguably an even fresher food. And we're gonna talk about, believe it or not, plastic bags.


Radiolab is supported by Robin Hood with Robin Hood Gold. You can now enjoy the VIP treatment receiving a 3% IRA match on retirement contributions. The privileges of the very privileged are no longer exclusive with Robin Hood Gold. Your annual IRA contributions are boosted by 3%. Plus you also get 4% a PY on your cash in non-retirement accounts. That's over eight times the national savings average. The perks of the high net worth are now available for any net worth. The new gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold to receive your 3% boost on annual IRA contributions. Sign up at robinhood.com/gold. Investing involves risk rates subject to change. 3% match requires Robin Hood Gold at $5 a month for one year from first match must keep funds in IRA for five years. Go to robinhood.com/boost. Over eight times. The national average savings account interest rate claim is based on data from the DIC as of November 18th, 2024. Robin Hood Financial, LLC, member, SIPC Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold, LLC.


This is Radiolab, I'm La Naer. We are back talking to Nicola Twi about how the food we eat gets to our tables. We are gonna move away from apples and ethylene and ancient Greek prophecies to a kind of surprisingly futuristic technology stolen partly from nuclear submarines in the form of a certain kind of plastic bag, Salad bags That holds salad. Well, first of all, one thing to understand about salad is until the 1920s, no one bothered with it. It was pointless. What do you mean? Well, at this point in human history, people are moving to cities in, in the United States.


Hmm. And it's really hard to get people a salad when it's not grown nearby and you don't have refrigeration. So salad was just really, like, if you were super rich, you might have a nice salad of an evening, but it was not a part of people's lives until the iceberg variety is discovered. And it's sturdy enough that if you bury it under a crap ton of ice, you can ship it across the country and ah, you're gonna be able to sell it, Which is where it gets the name iceberg, Gladys. Because as it travels, it's just these train cars full of lettuce covered in a mound of ice. So iceberg is the only lettuce that most Americans could eat for most of the 20th century.


And then what happens is a guy called Jim Lug. So in the sixties, the 1960s, Jim Lug was working for a salad baron in the Salinas Valley in California, and he was trying to help them figure out how to sell more salad and send it more places. Now, right around the same time, Whirlpool, the company, has come up with some new technology That was spun out of Cold War nuclear submarines. Cold War nuclear submarines stayed under water for a really long time. And so they had to get really good at controlling the atmosphere. Like within the sub. Yeah, yeah. You know, how much oxygen and how much carbon dioxide and Whirlpool had developed controlled atmosphere warehouses.


So, So when Jim Lug learns this, he's like, wait a second. In addition to keeping things cool, if I could control the atmosphere of the salad, if I could control how every bit of the salad is breathing, maybe I could slow down its decay process. And he's like, we need to take this thing that you can control the atmosphere in a building, but for a bag. Because Then there'd be all kinds of delicate leafy salads that could survive better being shipped across the country. And he comes across a polymer scientist who's like, oh yeah, differentially permeable membrane. That'll do it. Okay. And so what differentially permeable membrane is, is something that we have in every cell in our body, which is it, it's just a membrane that will, you know, know to let out oxygen or take in oxygen preferentially at a particular Rate.


So in the mid 1970s, these scientists taking inspiration from the cells inside living things Figured out how to do it, you layer together these membranes. One that lets in oxygen at the right rate, one that lets out carbon dioxide at the right rate one that lets in water vapor at the right rate, or out at the right rate. You know, you just kind of sandwich these altogether plus, you know, a layer for the label and a layer for, you know, some kind. Just so these things are like a minimum of five layers, sometimes more thick, delivering a controlled atmosphere inside that bag. It is a respiratory apparatus for lettuce.


It is not a solid bag at all. That Is crazy. But your point, And I gotta say, like, I just grabbed one of these just a second ago from my own fridge, and like, it, it feels like I'm holding something between like an advanced technology and a living cell. This Is one of the things that, you know, people who study fruit and vegetables sort of impressed upon me is like a baby lettuce. You're harvesting it when it's so tiny that there's only maybe five true leaves on the plant. And it is breathing so fast. It's such a ti it's a little baby. Oh. It's like, oh my God. And because it's breathing that fast, it is going to die.


It's gonna burn through all of its resources and it'll turn into green slime. So you have to slow down. Its breathing. You, You're giving me a, a vision of like someone in a grocery store with the, like defi paddles on a, like a little piece of spinach or something. It's Life support. Honestly, when you visit the labs of the people who are doing this research, all the fruits and vegetables are like hooked up to monitors and, and you can measure how fast they're breathing. You feel like you're in the ICU. It is, it is like, That's so weird. It's so weird. I never had a sense of my fruit and vegetables being alive. And now I'm sort of like, wow. Are we taking care of you? Are you okay? You need Something? Yeah. Right. Seriously.


Anyway, point is this seemingly simple plastic bag. It, it was like this transformative salad technology. People went from eating iceberg to like the salad revolution we live in now. 'cause you had this life support technology in the form of a plastic bag. Who would've thought that That was more than a bag? That just looks like a bag. Well, So this is, this is actually a really interesting bigger point is 'cause the food industry goes to this enormous effort to keep our food alive. Right. We are really good at, at prolonging the life of fruit and vegetables. Hmm. Like, you know how all those Silicon Valley billionaires are like injecting themselves with young people's blood and Whatnot.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And like they, they, those regimes have nothing on what we have figured out for fruits and vegetables. But at the same time, they don't want you to think about that. 'cause people are weirded out. Like, what do you mean my apple's a year old? Right. What do you mean my, my lettuce leaf is a month old. I don't want that. That's not, that's not right. That's not fresh. Right. And so they have to go to all this effort and then make it invisible to like, it's fresh. It was just picked yesterday. You know? Right. Of course. It's fresh. And so one of the most exciting technologies I came across is it's like Jim Lug 2.0, Mr.


Salad bag 2.0. He took, you know, something That was a building size technology and made it a bag size technology. Yeah. These guys have taken something that's a bag size technology and made it like a nanoscale spray on layer size technology. So they have figured out how to create this differentially permeable membrane, this layer that lets in the right amount of oxygen lets out the right amount of carbon dioxide. They have figured out how to create a spray that structurally does that out of lipids. Lipids are basically just like a fat molecule in our body. And they're the actual thing that cell membranes are made out of Literally.


Wow. And It's the way the guy who invented it, he spent his PhD figuring out how to spray paint particles on solar panels to make them more efficient at harvesting light. Hmm. And it has to do with how they dry and the little structures that assemble as they dry. Hmm. Same deal with this spray on fruits and vegetables is to do with how it dries and the little structure it creates ize. So how would it, so you would just spray an apple and then you wouldn't have to refrigerate it. Correct. So when I went there, whoa. I went into a room where there were red bell peppers at room temperature, and they had been there for eight weeks. So if you left a red bell pepper on your countertop for eight weeks, you can imagine it would be a pretty sad Yeah.


Looking thing Shriveled and not good. And Maybe even moldy. Yeah. Not, not something you were gonna eat. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And the ones, the comparison ones, you know, that hadn't been sprayed, that's how they looked. They were gross. You weren't gonna eat them. The ones that had been sprayed. You weren't gonna like cut them up and dip them in hummus. It wasn't like cru today, plattered time. Okay. But it was definitely stir fry time. It was Oh. Like they were fine, you know? Huh? Huh. They were the kind of thing you'd look at in your vegetable drawer and be like, I should use that. And, and this thing doesn't have a taste. No. It's a nanoscale layer of something that is a food. Like it's, it's like a, a fat, so it's not, but it's, you know, people are like, oh, you're spray a fat, it's like zero calories.


It's so thin. It's, but it's, it's not a chemical. I mean, it is a chemical in the sense that everything is chemical, but it's not a, like weird chemical in the sense that people, when pe when you tell people it's a coaching, they think of like the wax that you get on lemons and Stuff. Yeah. That's what I was thinking of. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, It's, I mean, I licked these bell peppers. There's nothing. Okay. Okay. There's nothing As I usually do around bell peppers that I see in, in the wild. I Did, I I asked permission first. Oh, yeah. But yeah, so, and at the moment, listen, they use this technology and they use it to just extend shelf life. So you can still refrigerate the bell pepper. And then this just makes it last a little bit longer.


The same way that solid greens still go in the refrigerator, but the bag makes 'em last longer. Right. But the thinking is in parts of the world where you don't have a, like refrigerator or for fruits and vegetables that don't work in the refrigerator. Like if you could spray this on them Hmm. And keep them fresh for longer that way. Yeah. I mean it's, And you think this could, you think this could scale? Oh Yeah. Yeah. You have to figure out for every single different fruit or vegetable, what's the right breathing Room. Oh, different. Right. But they have have a production Line to do that. They're in commercial scale production. And here's the interesting thing, Hmm.


Of convincing people that this is a good idea. You know, people a hundred years ago thought refrigerated food was dangerous and immoral. And now We're the opposite. Right. Know, we're the opposite. I mean, there's technology as well that's enabling that same different technology, but same idea for meat. Whoa. Seriously. One of the consultants I spoke to was like, listen, we might get to a stage where we're shipping meat around the world with this technology is not refrigerated, but then it's sold out of the chill cabinet at the supermarket. So you don't freak out. Basically. That's Hmm. Because I mean, for example, that's what happens with soy milk. Soy milk doesn't need to be refrigerated. Right. It just is.


'cause people think that milk should be cold. But the idea of buying non-refrigerated meat, I mean, I don't even, my, that Would be dicey. That's, that feels dicey. But you think that's possible. There are people doing that. There are people working on that. They have product, like it's, it's about scaling it up. I mean, they're further behind and they're also introducing their product first into restaurants because consumers are freaked out. But restaurants, Right. You Know, restaurants are like, we'll try it and it'll cut our bottom line. Exactly. It does. It did give me the, just as you were describing it, it did give me a little bit of the creeps.


Like just feels weird. Like you're like, that should be rotting, but it's not rotting. But that's what we all thought about refrigerated food. I know. It's so funny. It's so funny how quickly that becomes natural. Totally. So That was my conversation with Nicola Twilley, whose insights I always find to be non-perishable. Her book is called Frostbite, How Refrigeration Changed Our Food, Our Planet, and Ourselves. Thank you to Nicola for coming on. And if you wanna hear more from her besides the book, you can also check out her podcast called Gastropod Big thank you to Jim Lug and Jeff Wooster, who we also talked to about lettuce bags.


This episode was reported by, let's be honest, it was reported by Nicola Twilley, but also Maria Poz Gutierrez and myself did a little bit of reporting. It was produced by Maria Poz Gutierrez fact checking by Emily Krieger and edited by Alex Neeson. Okay. One last tiny thing. I swear we often, at the end of the episode, we say the name of the whole staff of the show 'cause we are proud of the people we work with. But the people we don't mention is there is a whole station who works with us here at WNYC and one of those people who works at the station, who was integral to getting this show out from week to week.


He's leaving the station, Steven Gangam. He is one of the most skilled and consistently competent people any of us has ever worked with. He was responsible for it and fixing our computers all the time, which happened. I mean, I can't even count. So anyway, thank you so much, Steven. We really appreciate you and we'll miss you. I will catch you in, if it's an apple a day, I will catch you back here in seven apples. In the meantime, stay crunchy, stay crispy, stay healthy. Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana.


And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Ja Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler, Lulu Miller and lots of Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Ke is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Presler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz, Gutierrez Nan, Matt Kielty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton.


Hi, my name is Teresa. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betsy Moore Foundation, Science Sandbox, Simons Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Loan Foundation.


Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Radiolab is supported by the Allen Institute. The Allen Institute is a nonprofit bioscience research institution dedicated to understanding the fundamentals of our brains cells and immune systems. They're undertaking large scale foundational research to answer some of the biggest questions facing life sciences today. And they're sharing their data and tools publicly to accelerate scientific discovery globally. To see how, visit them@alleninstitute.org slash allin.