
Did you know Radiolab has a new live event series called Viscera with er Doctor Ave Mitra? Well, we do. And we are bringing a new show to New York City on April 22nd. Join me Lulu Miller and Ave, and a bunch of experts as we talk about wild new discoveries in an ancient elixir. That's viscera, elixir of life at The Caveat Theater. Tuesday, April 22nd, doors at seven. Get your tickets at Caveat. That's C-A-V-E-A t.com.


This is Radiolab. I'm Lulu Miller. So Earth Day is coming up in just a couple of days, and we wanted to take a moment to truly consider the value of Earth, which is admittedly a sort of doomed and impossible task. But it's also super fascinating to watch people try. So today we've got two stories for you about people attempting to evaluate the invaluable. So join me if you will, take a sip of water. Mm, cheers. The blue planet that gives us all life. And enjoy this episode from the archive, which we are calling Ghosts in the Green Machine.


Yeah, You wait, wait. You're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab From WNYC C. See, rewind. I'm Robert Krulwich. This is Radiolab the podcast. And today we are going to talk about global warfare, a vast battle across the planet on a scale that is really hard to believe involving trillions of deaths. And yet we really need this war because without it, I wouldn't be here.


You wouldn't be here. Jad wouldn't be here. And you may have noticed he isn't here, and it's not because of awards 'cause he had a baby. But before Jad went on paternity leave, we sat down with Ari Daniel Shapiro. Okay. And he told us this story. Here It comes. All right. Yeah. So here we are at the, the Center for the Culture of Marine Fighter Plankton. This is Willie. And I always say Willie Wilson. Willie Wilson is his name. Yeah. That's tough. Just like his grandfather actually. Yeah. My Dad's Willie Wilson. There's a long line of Willie Wilson's, Your son. My Son is Angus, but he's Angus. William Wilson. So I love that guy. Willie works at the Bigelow Laboratory for Ocean Sciences in Maine. Okay. And he studies these tiny plant-like creatures that live in the sea called phytoplankton, shall we?


He keeps them in a fridge in these little test tubes half full of kind of a greenish water. Let's have a look at this. He pulled one out and showed it to me, and it doesn't really look like there's that much going on in there. But Actually right at the bottom you can see what looks Like a, like a white sort. A goo, what is it? It's the carnage of war. Oh. In that test tube that Willie's holding are millions of tiny single celled plants called caca lithos Caco al lithos. Yeah. And there are lots of them in the sea. There's Probably about a hundred thousand of these coli Theos in a teaspoon of seawater.


Tell me about the Coli. Like what do they look like? They're basically like the, like tiny little translucent balls with, you know, there it's slight tinge of green. But the key thing is that, and The outside of that ball, it has these white plates, Tiny circular shields of chalk Because the cock lithos are fighting for their lives, fighting with whom? Each other viruses. These viruses that are shaped like, like diamonds. So here's what happens. Imagine you are a coca litho four, okay. Floating in the ocean.


And along comes this diamond shaped virus and it jams its diamond tip into you between These plates and, and actually get inside the cell. The chinks in the armor. That's Right. It's like the chinks in the armor And the cock litho just engulfs it. And the virus thinks, yes, I'm in here. And then it sort of makes straight to the nucleus. And it's at that moment that the viral takeover begins, the virus kind of hijacks the cellular machinery that's usually used by the coli theor to make more coli theor stuff.


And it starts making more viruses. So inside the Coli four now there are these little diamonds multiplying. Yeah. They're filling up that space and eventually all these viruses head out of the coor in big belches or like a steady stream of viruses. Wow. And each one of these viruses has the ability to, to go on and infect another co litho four cell. In fact, those co lithos in that test tube that Willie showed me, if I shake this stuck to the bottom a Little bit. Yeah. Those were in the process of dying. You Smell that? Yeah. So that what you're smelling there, that's that, that's the infection. That's dimethyl sulfate.


You smell. So the infection is already occurring in this culture. And when the coli theor dies, those white shields kind of fall off the cell. They Sort of gradually sort of reign off over the course of the infection. So as it's dying after it's spewed out these viruses, it just sheds its plate and it kind of, and then it dies. Yeah. And that creates this white chalkiness. Yeah. Well, so this means like the coca lithos are not doing very well. Well, they've got a couple of tricks up their little calcified sleeves. Sometimes when a virus enters, the Coli four will send out a chemical signal.


They're Sort of shouting, Hey, it's too late for me, But save yourselves. Oh. And initially this signal's pretty weak in the water, but as more and more coli theor are infected, the chorus of this chemical beacon grows louder and louder. And so the other cells, they hear these messages And they change by messing with their DNAA bit. And they go from having those white shields on the outside to having these jaggedy scales, Which we think might be impenetrable Scales instead of these plates. That's Right. Shields. Yeah, that's right. Why aren't they just scaly all the time? Because when they're scaly, they can't be the best cocal, litho fours, they can be, they just don't grow as well.


So scaly is an adaptation against the viruses. Exactly. And then finally, if all else fails Program cell death, The Coors just commit suicide. That Just shuts down and kills itself to prevent propagation of viruses. But over time, the viruses have figured out how to prevent The cell from killing itself. So it delays the death of a Coli four for as long as possible to maximize the number of viruses that can get out. Wow. This is serious. Yeah. It's like an arms race. There's A constant battle to, to be fitter than you were several generations ago.


And without, Here's the crazy thing. This battle is happening all through the surface of the ocean. There are legions of co lithos dying all the time, and the cock lithos are shedding their white shields. It's Like taking millions of tiny little mirrors and putting 'em in the surface of the ocean. So many that you can actually see this carnage from space. You can see this from space. Yeah. You get the massive blooms that cover almost the whole of the, the North Atlantic. When you get this sort of milky bloom that covers anything from, you know, off the, the west coast of Scotland, under southern Iceland, almost all the way to Newfoundland in the southern hemisphere, you get this sort of massive milkiness that circumnavigates the, the globe.


These vast swirls of milky water curling around islands and continents. And that's all carnage from this battle. Billions and billions of soldiers that have fallen in the field. Wow. That we can view from space. It's probably, it's trillions if you're talking on that scale. Yeah. I think, yeah. What's after trillions, quadrillion, you think? You think it's wearing the quadrillions. Just say it. See how it feels. There are quadrillions of soldiers dying. How did that feel? It felt good. If I were to be an astronaut, how often would I see these sorts of blooms? All the time. Somewhere on the planet.


Every day, every hour, Every day. Every hour. There's, there's going to be a bloom going on somewhere. You know, a, a good examples of the Norwegian fjords, they start in the fjords in late April into May time. And then they sort of creep outta the fjords, like this huge living amoeba. Fishermen hate it because the, the fish can't see the, the lures. So they can't catch the fish anymore. And As the shields rain off and fall down to the ocean floor, they build up and build up over time, Millions of years of sedimentation of these sort of chalk particles. That's actually what led to the creation of the cliffs of Dover.


The white cliffs of Dover in England Shut up. Really? Yes. This is Sort of geology in action. And not just that, when the coca lithos get decimated by the virus, it kind of clears out the ocean for other phytoplankton to bloom. And then they get mowed down by their viruses, and then the coca lithos might bloom again. And then they get wiped out. And this cycle, I mean, all these battles, I mean, it's all responsible for about half the, the oxygen that we breathe. Really? Half the oxygen, we breathe half the oxygen. Wow. Because when the phytoplankton bloom, they take in carbon dioxide and they release a puff of oxygen, and then they're cut down by these viruses, but they grow back up again and another breath is released.


So the whole system is, is just kind of breathing. People think of the, the lungs of the planet are the, the rainforests. And that's, that's kind of half the picture. But every other breath we take comes from the, the fire plankton in the ocean that are going through these battles on a, you know, on a daily basis. So this is a battle that rages every single day somewhere in our oceans. Yeah. We need the battle to live.


After the break, we go even deeper into the question of how much is nature worth anyway, Lulu Radiolab today we're talking about the things that nature does that are mostly hidden to us. So we thought it would make sense to try to look as objectively as we can into what it's All even worth. So we think of ecosystems as just kind of sitting there, but actually they're doing things.


They weren't doing them for us. We would have to pay to do them artificially. For example, cotton farms in south Texas. Hmm. So the, you know, the farmers are doing their thing, like This guy James Parker Planting their cotton. They're collecting it. I farmed about, I don't know, usually five to six, 700 acres of cotton. So say 2000 bales. They're Doing what farmers do. I spend a lot of time on a tractor and you have to check your water every morning. Every evening. Meanwhile, they have all this extra help in the air. Yes. They Have bats. How many bats are out there? You really don't know. Flying All around the bats eat the equivalent of two thirds of their own weight in insects every night.


Wow. They eat all night long. All kind of bugs. A whole bunch of pests that would otherwise be eating the cotton. Now, a few years ago, a Guy named John Westfall Did a calculation Just to see how this arrangement was working out. He came out to my farm and did a, did a study. He had some college girls that worked for him. And those girls were out there all hours of the night listening to what the bats were saying. And Each year the farmers, collectively they make about four or $5 million off of the these farms. Question was how much of this was because of the bats? 'cause you know, bats are natural pesticides, You know, the more they're eating, the less I gotta spray. And here's what the scientists figured out. Out of four to $5 million, it was around $700,000 that you could ascribe to the bats.


It's just beautiful. Wow. I mean, it does make me think that if you're those farmers, you should be compensating the bets somehow. Yeah. Well, yeah. It does give you a glimpse at the kind of scale of value, economic value that nature has that we generally just totally ignore. But We talked to a guy who didn't ignore it. My Name is Robert Costanza. In fact, he took this way of thinking to the absolute limit. Yes. So the question was, what's the value of all of these ecosystem services globally? All the services on earth, you Know, it's bugs. Eating leaves, Worms turning the soil Needles, chewing tree stumps, coral Reefs, protecting cities during storms, everything.


We tried to synthesize all of the studies that had been done around the country and the world Like that bat study. Except they didn't just look at cotton farms, they looked at Tropical forests, rivers and lakes, coral reefs, coastal wetlands, inland wetlands, the ocean woodlands, temperate forests, you Know, it goes on and on. Grasslands. This Must be some Excel spreadsheet. It's, it's kind of the Excel spreadsheet from hell. It can Get tricky. So Costanza and his colleagues took all these different studies, summed them together, did a whole bunch of math, and came up with a number, Which in today's dollars is $142.7 trillion per year of services. And that's more than all of the gross national products of the world.


Wow. And that's how valuable the services of nature are. Yeah. Let me ask you, like I get, I get the way this would work with a bat, like the bat's eating the bugs, but like, how do you do it with like, with like a, like a field or something? Like do you just walk through and you're like, oh, that's 20 bucks of services, that's 50. Like how do you even figure out what the services are? Well, they, they came up with a list. So it, the list kind of depends on the ecosystem you're talking about. 'cause different ecosystems provide different services. For example, a salt marsh. And we are in the water now. Yes, we're in the water.


What is, wait, so salt marsh, is it like the Florida wetlands but salty? I suddenly don't know what a salt marsh Is. Salt marshes are wetlands that are on the coast. Got It. Yep. We're standing in about a foot of water here. We're quickly approaching high tide. We sent one of our producers, Simon Adler, to a nearby salt marsh Parly to Hazen. Your boots are much more waterproofed. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But really to talk to this Guy, my name is Adam Welch and I'm the director of Science for the Nature Conservancy here in Connecticut. And Adam gave Simon a, a kind of inventory of some Of the services provided by coastal salt marshes. It's a stream of goods and services have been provided over time. One of the things it does is it takes water that's coming in from inland and that's laden with all sorts of pollutants, all sorts of bad stuff.


The salt marsh will trap that water so that the pollutants settle, and then very often the marsh grass will suck up that water into the roots And clean it up. Yep. So you could ask very simply, How much would you have to spend to keep your water that clean? One second. Well, there is one other study I I wanted. Adam Wessell said that scientists in New England have already figured that out For flood control, water supply protection, pollution control, it's roughly about $31 and 22 cents per hectare per year. Then you gotta add the value of all the plants that feed the fish that end up on our dinner plates, $338 annually per Acre. Then there are the bird watchers that buy lattes that support the local economy.


$490 per hectare. And then there's habitat provisioning. The list Goes on and on and on and on. You do get kind of obsessed with it. And you start, like, you start becoming an accountant and writing down numbers just furiously. And it, it gets you to think about nature in a different way than you had before. There's this Galling element though, or this aspect, like when I first came across the, At this point, our producer Tim Howard jumped into the interview and you'll also hear our producer Sorn Wheeler in just a second. I do Feel like in an example, like the salt marsh, which cleans water, that's all reliant on people being there that need the water. So if you didn't have people there, does that salt marsh cease to have any value?


But Tim, haven't you ever had a conversation with somebody who just doesn't get, like, if you make the aesthetic argument, which is that nature should be, should be preserved for its own sake. There's a whole category of humanity just doesn't respond to that argument. It's, this becomes a way to talk across the aisle, but It does still feel like it demotes something of infinite value to something of a a, a paid leave value. Well, it can't really be infinite value. I mean, What's like a mother's love? You don't think your mother's love is priceless. I mean, you know, okay, I, I totally accept that there is this sort of priceless aspect of nature. But if you are in the government in a very poor country, you have some tough choices to make.


If somebody comes to you and says, okay, you've got these lovely mangroves. Now it turns out that, that the, this sort of setting where the mangroves are is the perfect place for shrimp aquaculture Because shrimp farms need lots of seawater. So it makes sense to put them by the sea. We're gonna put in these farms, we're gonna grow shrimp. You are gonna get millions and millions of dollars in tax revenue if you're thinking about the, the welfare of all the people in your country, many of whom are starving. That might be a really powerful argument. Now into that kind of a discussion, you can bring in the fact that these mangroves are sitting there very quietly doing all sorts of incredibly valuable things.


In fact, they've done these kind of calculations and in some cases the services that mangroves provide are four times more valuable than what you could get out with shrimp. So it's stupid, it's just stupid in a ba very basic sense to wantonly replace lots of mangroves with shrimp aquaculture. Is that a hypothetical Situation? No, that's a conversation you have. No, that's what we are asked. This is Glen Marie Lang. She's an environmental economist for the World Bank. And she says very often she finds herself in exactly this kind of conversation. Particularly, You know, I I work for the World Bank, so our primary clients are, are governments, Philippines, Vietnam.


And When you're talking to a minister of finance and saying, you know what, you Really should, I know jobs are jobs, but you need those marshes. They have value. They'll Say, well, yeah, that's true, but that means I'm gonna have to reduce the money that I put into the education budget. So you've gotta really make a strong argument about the benefits. That's really where the rubber hits the road. Well, I mean, that's It. Here's the counter argument. It comes from Doug McCauley and a college at the University of California, Santa Barbara. The Real danger is that we actually succeed. That we, we convince people that nature is valuable 'cause it makes money. And then we're, we're really in trouble in the many instances where it doesn't make us money. What do you do in a situation he says, where say a bunch of rivers are running dry and they're quote depreciating in value.


You know, by the same logic that you've trained me to think with, we should go out and liquidate these natural assets that makes me feel really uncomfortable. He Says, just kind of a weird way to think about nature. We had a proposal here in the state of California to make gay marriage legal. And economists had a look at this legislation and said, this is expected to generate $163 million annually for the state of California. Well, it's good to know that I I, I appreciate having that information in front of me. However, when I'm making a, a decision on this legislation, and I would say that when many legislators, voters average citizens are considering the issues at hand, they're not thinking about whether they're gonna make $160 million for the state.


They're thinking about a different set of values. On the other hand, I wanna say, and this is based on my experience working in developing countries, that when you don't put a value on these services, basically they don't get counted. They get implicitly assigned a value of zero, according to Glen Marie Lang. And as we were debating this and going back and forth and back and forth, we bumped into a story about what happens when all of these value of nature ideas are let loose into a world of fruits and trees and human uncertainty. The parable of the bees, We heard this first from writer JB McKinnon who says, the story begins In Mao County, in central China rural area, fairly remote, Lush green mountains filled with apple orchards and Apple orcharding was the main business.


And according To JB in in the 1990s, The wild bees of Mao County slowly started to, to disappear. And there was a few different reasons given for that. It could have been the destruction of the habitat that the bees nested in the heavy honey harvesting that wasn't leaving enough food for the bees. But The prevailing theory is actually an economic one because in the 1990s as China was shifting to a market-based economy, apple producers were under pressure to produce more apples. So they started spraying pesticide, Probably it was a constellation of all of those things. In a few others. End result is the bees stopped buzzing in Mao County, Which if you are an ample farmer, that's a disaster.


As bees travel from flower to flower in search of nectar, they are, they're dusted with pollen, which is the means by which flowers engage in sexual intercourse. So if you don't have the bees making the birds and the bees on the blossoms, then, then you don't get fertile flowers to turn into, to turn into fruit. And obviously if you're a fruit farmer and you have no fruit to sell, you have no income. So what do you do? You're an Apple farmer and you don't have bees, then you need to find some other way to pollinate the flowers. And I guess they concluded, well, we'll have to do that ourselves by hand In Mandarin Chinese we say.


So it basically, that means a manual pollination. This is Harold Thibo. I'm a correspondent in China for the French newspaper Lemon. A couple of years ago you heard about the apple farmers in Mao County. So he flies to Chang do and he and a friend hop in a car and we Drive for like five or six hours until we reach this village, a hin Tiny little village Like only a few houses. And then we took a small road in between the, the fields and we actually saw that there were lots of farmers in the, in the trees, like on the apple trees Straddling up on these often thin and spindly branches, men and women that I've seen in, in photos.


In any case, Harold and his friend took pictures. And if you look at those pictures, you'll see the farmers holding little brush, this Little pollen brush that they'd constructed using things like chopsticks and chicken feathers and cigarette filters. And they'd have a little bottle filled with pollen. And then what they do, they dip the brush into the bottle and they paint a flower blossom with the pollen and they dip their brush back into the pollen and they paint the next flower blossom again. And they dip the brush back in again and they paint again and they dip again. And they paint again To make sure that, that all of the blossoms that they could possibly fertilize would be fertilized so that they would go on to produce fruit. We're talking hundreds and hundreds of flowers per tree. It was very strange to see humans doing the, the job of the bees.


God, what a pain in the ass. That sounds like. Yeah. The image of this, of these Chinese orchardists standing up in these spindly trees traveled around the world through environmental circles. And it, the message that it seemed to send was that, you know, this is what happens if you, if you lose biodiversity, you end up standing in the trees doing the job that the bees used to do on the wing for free. For Free. Those people are just like human bes. But then this guy enters the story. This is Yin Sun Chen. Yeah. Human beasts. Four years ago he traveled to Mao County to do a sort of economic analysis of just how much the loss of the bees was herding the farmers of Mao County.


But what he discovered weirdly, was that the trees were producing more apples than ever. More production. More production. This can be confirmed there. There are more production for heian apple trees than bee ian apple tree. Humans are more efficient. Really? You mean the people were doing it better than the bees had been doing it? Yes, A lot better Fruit production went up 30%. That's What the farmers told Chen, which is kind Of amazing. The only word I remember amazing. Because I think hand pollination can pollinate more thoroughly. They can pollinate every flower. And bees don't pollinate every flower.


Bees are a little bit, you know, they're a little bit uneven when it comes to pollinating. You're so polite. They don't like it if it's cold, they don't like it if it's damp, they don't like it if it's windy. In all those cases, bees often decide to stay indoors and just take the day off. But you send people out there and tell 'em to pollinate every damn blossom and to, and they're gonna do it. And there was the additional benefit of the people that you paid. They'd go to the bar, they'd buy groceries, they'd spend those earnings in their local communities in a way that obviously bees never did. So here you had this whole story That was supposed to be about how important the bees are and this whole parable of biodiversity. And it turns out maybe the lesson's just the opposite, that actually we don't need bees and maybe we never did.


If we only measure things economically, then we might conclude that, that some species or some ecological processes just aren't necessary in certain places or that we might even do better to, to take ca care of those processes ourselves. Right. So let me find my notes. But the, the wages exactly, But there's one more chapter to the story. Harold Debo told us that when he visited Nan Chen, I talked with one farmer, his name is Al, he's 38. And he said, in his opinion the the he pollination might disappear in a few years. Apparently, as China's economy has continued to grow, workers have started demanding better pay.


The wages are getting so high for the workers that the farmers have to employ to help them, basically. It's not efficient economically to do the pollination anymore. That's what a lot of farmers say. They still, Now they're likely thinking, damn, we need those bees back. Right? Yeah. Problem is, there Are no bees in those villages anymore. One Farmer told Harold beekeepers in other parts of China aren't gonna bring their bees to this area. 'cause they worry about the pesticides that the farmers have used. As for when wild bees might come back. Well, for this we have no idea. It's, it's very hard to make a prediction. If you ask the farmers, they're like, I don't know Here, here's where that story leaves me.


Hmm. It leaves me thinking that economics is just not a good way to go. Putting a, a, a value, even a even a precise and thoughtful value on a bee or on a pound of pesticide. You do it and you think you're smart, but then the value changes and the bees go from being worth a lot to being worth nothing, to being worth everything all within a few years. This, this is what markets do, they swing back forth and we pretend that we can predict, but we never can. So you can't put a value on 'cause you're always gonna be wrong. Let that's is a, is a dumb Well, no, no, I'm, I wanna argue the other side for a second. Nowhere in the story did someone walk into the middle of the proceedings and say, you know what? The bees do have value.


Here's the number. In fact, you know what Carl, when we were talking to him, told us, You know, there have been estimates that the value of the pollination that comes from wild bees is $190 billion. So that's globally, right. But still, there was nobody in the room giving that kind of number. So the bees were inherently valued at zero. But Remember, bees are valued at zero only until humans get valued more than bees go down and bees go up. I get it. Got a lot of numbers in your head. It, but here's what I like about this idea, is that when you put a number on a bee or a bat or a marsh, it's like an attempt to force a kind of long-term thinking. You can't just say, don't do that. I mean, that's the thing that like conservationists say, don't, don't, don't. But if you say, don't do that because here's the value, here's The loss.


You're Gonna say, yeah, here's the loss. Well then that actually gives the whole precautionary don't thing some teeth Except for this, that if you go businessy on nature and you're wrong, There are irreversibility. That's How environmental economists, Glen Marie Lang puts it. This is one of the differences between nature ecosystems and what we produce. You smash your car, hey, someone can build a new one. If you lose the bees, many instances, you cannot bring them back. So the question we got to is, is there another way to think about the value of nature? I mean, a way that's not economic and therefore shortsighted and all about us, but also not simply about the aesthetics and the beauty.


'cause that can be sort of limiting too. Is there another way? The, the Best I was able to do thinking about this Writer, JB McKinnon again, Was when it struck me that, that in a way, all of this diversity that's out there, all this biological diversity, all these wonderful and amazing and alien things that other species can do is like an extension of our own brains. There's so much imagination out there that we simply could not come up with on our own. That we can think of it as, as a, a pool of imagination and creativity from which we as humans are able to draw.


And that when we draw down on that, on that pool of creativity and imagination, we, we deeply impoverish ourselves. You know, in a sense we are, we are doing harm to our own ability to think and to, and to, and to dream. JB McKinnon's book is called The Once and Future World. He's written many, but this one is my fav. Deep thanks to Carl Zimmer, who's reporting in the New York Times on this topic is really what got us launched into this whole thing.


And what got us through this whole thing is Simon Adler whose production assistance was invaluable. That was him Freezing his ass off in the marsh. I talked so long and my interview, he nearly died. His toes fell off, I think. Anyway, thank you Simon. Thank You Simon. And thank you guys for listening. I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Provi. We'll see you next time. Hi, I'm Paolo Mara Biggs and I'm calling from Oli American Samoa and here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Naser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keef is our Director of Sound Design.


Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, Gutierrez Du Naam, Matt Kielty, Anna McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari. Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Viza. Arian in Wack, pat Walters and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Marlo. Hey, I am Steph. I'm from Melbourne Australia. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Science Sandbox, a Simons Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation.


Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation. A whole new season of Terrestrials is coming. Radio Lab's, family friendly show all about nature. This season we are back with a new batch of episodes where we come face to snout with some of the wildest gnarliest creatures on this planet. We discover music, magic medicine, and a whole lot of fun starting April 17.


All on the radio Lab for Kids Feed, wherever you listen to podcasts.