
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool. From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match. Limited by state law, not available in all states.


Holiday Magic is In the air at iFLY indoor skydiving. Imagine unwrapping the experience of Flight. iFLY is the perfect, unique gift for anyone who wants to turn their dream of flying into a joyful reality. It's unforgettable fun for all ages. Save over 35% with iFLY Limited Time holiday gift voucher. Flight packages turn dreams into unforgettable moments with the gift of flight. Go to iFLY world.com to purchase your holiday gift vouchers. That's iFLY world.com.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, I'm Lat Nasser. This is Radiolab in your podcast Feed A Day Early because it is October 31st. We're celebrating Halloween by bringing you a ghost story for the occasion. There aren't a lot of radio stories out there that will genuinely spook you, but also make you laugh out loud. And this one, oh man, does exactly that. We first released it exactly 10 years ago today, reported by our now senior producer Matt Kilty. This was one of his first stories actually. It's about exactly how far one man is willing to go to understand his Haunted house.


This story is both a trick and the perfect fun sized Halloween treat. So here you go. Happy Halloween. Enjoy Haunted. Yeah. Wait, wait. You're listening. Okay. All, right. Okay. All. right. You. Are listening. Listening to Radiolab. Radiolab from WNYC six. Rewind wine. I think, I think there's a lot of moments in your life that you find yourself doing something. Okay. If there's anybody in here, my name is Brittany, I'd love to be able to talk with you.


And you take that moment and step back from it. Are You here? And you realize, come through to us. What the fuck am I doing? What just happened? Was this real? And I think That was one of those moments. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. I am Robert Kic. This is Radio Lab. And today on the podcast a ghost story. Really? We're gonna do a ghost story. Yeah. Halloween, dude. Well, you don't even know what we're just listen All. right? Just listen. Okay. Okay. This one comes from our producer. Matt Kielty. Yeah. So I first heard this story from a buddy of mine. Do, do, Do, Do. His name is Dennis Conroe.


Dennis, Andy. Hey, what's Up dude? That's producer. Andy Mills. You guys are all buddies. Total buds. Anyways, the story All, Right? Well, Dennis, yes. It's about a lot of things, but in particular a house. So let's, let's start with the house. When did you move back in? Well, let's see, I was probably, I don't know, age 20 Tennis had been going to college. Yep. By the way, what did you, what did you study? Creative writing. Okay. But you know, I, I just cut, I just kind of got bored there. Kind of stopped going to class. And I think once my parents realized that they weren't very happy, I would assume so And so, so yeah, I was kind of asked to come back home, Back to a town just outside Kansas City, little Town called Grandview.


Did You grow up in this House? I did. I did. And the house was Fairly old. Yeah, It was about 105 years old at the time. Two Story, white House. Nice little porch awning over it. Typical Farmhouse style. And so you, you were at your parents' home back what in your, in your old bedroom? Yep. In my old childhood bedroom, you know, so there was always a sense of like, I need to get out of this house. It's holding me back somehow from things. So we got a job, Worked a job and got laid off. And one year turned into two and then three, then four, and then five. It Was not, not a great time to be there. In what way?


Just That I felt like I was still 16. He says he'd overhear his mom telling people on the phone, Well, you know, he is never gonna move out, is he? And then she started circling classifieds jobs For typists printing press, sales rep type setter. I don't know. I think everything in my, my life, however I mean for it not to sort of moves at my own snails pace. Eventually I was fairly old, like 27 maybe. Actually he was, he was 28. After eight years in this house, Dennis gets a steady job, finds his cheap apartment, this Ratty sixplex apartment.


He Starts packing up his things. But right when he's set to move out, to finally leave home, My mom got really sick. Dennis's mom had been in remission from breast cancer for like nine years, but that's summer. Her doctors told her that it had returned And had spread quite a bit. So I said to her like, you know, do you, do you want me to be here or do you want me to go? And she was like, well, you know, if this is my time, she wants to go knowing that her kids can take care of themselves. So Dennis moved out and about five months later his mom died. Yeah. She went pretty fast.


About about a month or so after my mom died, my dad found out he had stage four prostate cancer. Wow. And he was really too sick to take care of the house and just be In the guy by himself. At that point. Now, Dennis pretty much had to come home. I take Care of him three, Four times a week. And as he got worse, he had said to me like, Hey, let's try to find you a house to buy so that I can teach you how to like, do all of the kind of stuff that one has to do. You know, that men know how to do things like change out plumbing, all this kind of stuff. And so we put an offer on a house, but That fell through. And before they could find something else, the Cancer from his prostate spread to his brain.


And you know, the last week of his life, he was really not there. I can remember a one day, you know, like maybe, maybe a week or so after he had Died, Dennis was walking through the empty kitchen And there was so much stuff. There was so much stuff. Papers all over the place. Junk mail, all over the kitchen, floor Down In, the basement tools All over the place. You know, I had this moment of, you know, here are his tools and I, and now I have them in my hand. And you know, I just remember picking up this claw hammer and just crying.


'cause this is now my hammer, this is now my house, this is now my problem. But a few days pass and he starts thinking, okay, I can handle this. Yeah, just gotta get in there, clean it out, sell it Clean and flip. That was the plan. So At the age of 32 moves back in, There was all this just junk In the basement Puts that stuff on the curb Sale after sale after sale. And one day he finds himself standing In the downstairs bathroom, looking at the nasty floor tile. It was just Horrible. His dad had meant to replace it before he died, but you know, couldn't finish. And my thought was like, oh, just do this one bathroom. So it looks pretty good to sell. Problem was, his dad had never showed him how to do any of that stuff.


It was at that point that I was like, oh, YouTube now Hold the tile in one hand firmly and begin with your ceramic tile network. So he went online, learned how to tile, do some plumbing, and he redid the bathroom And turned up pretty good. It was kind of fun. And then the next thing I knew I was taking wallpaper off of the kitchen. Well that's gotta go. Hardwood floors, insulation In, the attic glass block windows, In, the basement. And pretty soon that Turned into the whole house. And how long does that take? Five years, Actually it was six. Wow. And he says the whole time he was doing this renovation at night, I would have these dreams where my parents just kind of came through the back door and it was just like, oh, what are you doing here?


Oh, that's right. You're, you're dead. And then I would turn my back and then they would have somehow undone all of the things that I did. Oh, they had brought the house back to where, what state it was in when they were alive. Yeah. Huh. And I probably had this dream, I'm not kidding, like at least a hundred times. Wow. Night after night after night. It just kept Going on and on and ultimately kind of drove me crazy. And so one day after yet another one of these streams, Dennis is finally like, alright, I'm selling it. Puts it up, In the market starts waiting for a buyer.


And, and then something strange happens. Well, Something kind of strange. I had made this friend, and she came over for the first time was That. was like A date lady friend. Yeah. It was a lady friend. And so Dennis was giving her a tour, showing her all the improvements until She was In the kitchen right by The basement door, In the kitchen. When she Was like, Ugh, there's some kind of weird presence here. And I was just like, okay, well That was kind of a sign. That was not gonna last very, very long. But fast forward a Few years, didn't really think too much about It until one day Dennis's realtor is having an open house. No one shows. So She was In the house by herself. And Dennis starts getting these text messages from her.


It's Like, dude, your house is Haunted. Like I can hear people walking around. And She texted that there was definitely something weird going on Right by the basement door. Oh. wait, that's the same spot. Yeah, Yeah. I was like, ah, that's, that's kind of weird. But then here's the crazy thing. Not too long after this, Dennis bumps into an old friend of his and he's like, Hey, funny thing, two different people, two separate occasions had come over to the house and they said they felt this weird presence. And she was like, wait. Right by the basement door. Oh, Get out. Yeah. I was like, oh, okay. So I've got Heather, I've got Stacey, I've got Carla, all three who say they feel this weird presence.


And would You consider yourself a bit of a skeptic about such things? I would say so rationally, I'm just, I'm, I'm just gonna say no. So you don't believe in ghosts? No. All, right? What happened next? Well, this also happened to be right at the time that I sold the house, Dennis had finally put in some pen to paper, signed a contract, packed up all his stuff. And so Carla, the girl that first felt this thing, the Girl he went on a day with, they, they stayed friends Said to me like, you know, I'm really curious about this. Would you mind if I call like these ghost people to come and like, check out this place? And I was like, well sure, I don't care.


You know, it's like, why not? So very shortly, in a few minutes, actually, we are bringing paranormal investigators to find out what's In the basement. You know, I'm just kind of walking through the house and I think I got this on tape of just me walking through the house like, well, you know, this is probably a waste of time, but I'm still kind of curious about it. Yeah, it's Friday night, what else you gotta do? Right? It's a Friday night, mid-November, Around six o'clock I can see some cars parking on the street. So I go downstairs, people Start filing in maybe 10 people. We all Have different specialties. Larry's our tech guy, about Four techies, two sets of clairvoyance.


Chantal's the psychic. She's very gifted. Who are all these people? Can I get you to just say your name? My name is Brittany. Elaine. Well they're part of the Kansas City Paranormal Investigators Club or some kind of thing. And pretty much right off the bat when You guys came in, you were saying like you could talk to people or like you Could get, but when we first got here, we both saw a woman looking out the window at the top. So what did she look like? I didn't really see what she looked like. She Had like can describe blonde hair. It was like gray. And she was wearing one of those weird old tiny dresses. Dennis was like, whatever. They set up cameras, In the basement and In the kitchen. And the clairvoyance decided they wanted to try to talk to this woman or maybe any other spirit In the house.


And so Brittany, I Don't know if I even explained to you what We do, who was like the ringleader of the night. She sort of Explained how she does things, you know, she was like, the best way that she could get them to talk to to, to them was through flashlights. Huh? Yeah. So what they do is they take a few flashlights, turn 'em on, and then they unscrew the tops of them just enough so that they turn off. And then they just kind of set the flashlights that, that are now off In the room by themselves. And the idea is that if the ghost or the spirit wants to communicate, they can just sort of touch the top of one of the flashlights with their ghosty finger and that'll turn it back on and it's Barely connected. All they have to do is either push or pull a tiny bit of energy.


I see. Yeah. So it's, it's the, it's not that it's the easiest for them to do. And I was like, okay, guess we can, so she took three flashlights and we all sat in this dark room in a circle. Okay. And Brittany sets the flashlights, In the middle of the circle by themselves, no one's touching them. And she says, there's Anybody in here, my name is Brittany, I'd love to be able to talk with you. Can you turn one of those lights on? And we sit there and we sit there, Are you here? Then all of a sudden this light Whoa.


Kind of barely blinks on. And then she said, okay, Thank you. Please turn it off. And then it goes off. What we can do with these lights here is if I can ask. And then she says, we have three lights here. The one you just turned on, we'll call Yes please turn on one more. And that will be no. So If you could do that for us, that would be wonderful. And then a second light comes on. No way. Are you like scanning the room, like looking for somebody who has like a little switch or something? Yeah, but like we didn't pay these people so they have no reason to fake this, I suppose. But you know, I just keep thinking, well, you know, the house is really close to the train tracks and maybe, maybe the train, the Vibrations of the train.


Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. But all of a sudden they were like, can you hear that footsteps? Yeah. It sounds like there's somebody walking right here in front of me And they're going towards the kitchen and I could hear dishes rattling on the countertop. In the kitchen. No one's In the kitchen, No one's In the kitchen. If you're In the kitchen right now, can you turn one of these lights on? And so they sit and stare at these three flashlights.


And then I'm this point leaving the room. What happened? Well actually everyone, everyone in that room died except for Dennis. Oh God, I have no idea why even invited you into this building. They did not die. What happened to that? Me? Actually, they're fine. It turns out that there was a guy downstairs In the basement, one of the techies walking around pitch black down there.


And he just like bangs his head into like an air duct. And the sound just reverberated throughout the whole house. Scared him a little bit. It was very Blair witchy. Yeah. Anyhow, the techies Decide that they want to get the three psychics down, In the basement by themselves. And so, you know, these three women go down In the basement by themselves. We can kind of hear them downstairs talking, but we don't really know what's going on. That was interesting. Yeah. They come back upstairs, Go And they said the Girl was downstairs. Well, she was definitely down there, The old woman that they first saw when they got to the house.


And they said that she was standing down In the basement next to where the old furnace used to be. And they told Dennis that, she said that she'd lived here for a long time. And Dennis was like, wait a second. He knew that back In the thirties or something, a woman had lived in this house Who was kind of not all there. And one day she had gone down into the basement and Thought she was picking lice off of chickens and throwing them into this big furnace. That was downstairs, In the basement at the time. She got a little too close to the furnace story goes, caught Herself on fire and then died there, I guess In the basement. Oh. But then there was another man downstairs who showed himself to me, but he won't talk.


And he just completely disappeared. What did he look like? He was bald. He was about Rick's height, but it wasn't Rick. Do you have a bill like me? Yeah. A lot like me. Not a lot, but similar. Definitely. If I were to show you a picture of my father, would you have any sense of this was him, If I saw a picture of him? Yeah, maybe I found this the other day. Oh, Dennis goes and gets this photo of his dad that he had That was left over from his memorial service. Yep.


That's the man I saw. Really? Yep. Wow. Yep. That's, let's pause This for just, just, just a second. Like you, she's very hesitant at the beginning. It's like, well, you know All, right? I should jump in here really quick and just tell you that this was actually the first time that Dennis had ever listened to this tape. Really? Yeah. And the reason is 'cause for a long time he didn't wanna listen to it. Why? Well, I think part of it had to do with this moment because this Is the point where my skepticism kind of kicked off And part of it had to do with what happens next. That's coming up when we return.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. As many of us are reflecting on what we're thankful for this month. We often forget to express gratitude to someone very near and dear to us ourselves. It can be hard or not always at the top of our minds to remind ourselves that we are doing our best to make sense of the world and to live our lives. And that it's not easy. So let this be a reminder to send some love and thanks to the people in your life, including you. If you need some guidance with this therapy can help. Working with a therapist can be a great way to reflect and develop coping mechanisms among other valuable tools. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. So just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/radiolab.


Looking for an elevated jewelry shopping experience this holiday, take another look at your local Jared Jewelers. This is not the Jared he went to. This is the new reimagined Jared. We're all heading to for a remarkably personal experience with local jewelry experts. November 22nd is our grand reopening event. Come browse with a glass of bubbly Italian gold, high quality diamonds and luminous gemstones and find the ideal gifts that sparkle this holiday. The Jira Jeweler's Grand Reopening event. November 22nd at Jared


Holiday. Magic is In the air at I fly indoor skydiving. Imagine unwrapping. The experience of flight I fly is the perfect unique gift for anyone who wants to turn their dream of flying into a joyful reality. It's unforgettable fun for all ages. Save over 35% with iFLY. Limited time holiday gift voucher. Flight packages turn dreams into unforgettable moments with the gift of flight. Go to iFLY world.com to purchase your holiday gift vouchers. That's iFLY world.com.


The gender gap In the 2024 election is historically wide, most notably among young voters. Young men are less likely to vote, but both campaigns are doing their best to change that fact. As the candidates crack open beers on late night TV and sit ringside at ultimate fighting matches, we ask what's really driving the gender gap and what's it say about us? I'm Kai Wright. Join me in Atlanta. On the next notes from America, listen wherever you get your podcasts,


This is Radiolab. Let's get back to Matt Kielty's ghost story and we'll pick up with our main guy Dennis Conroe. Having just heard from the ghost hunters that they encountered a spirit In the basement of his home, who looks remarkably like his dead father. Yep. That's the man I saw here. Yep. So he's Here? Yep, he's here. Hmm. Can we, can we try to talk to him? We can try to talk to him. I think he's In the basement or here or All over. I feel like he went upstairs. Not In the basement anymore. Can we go upstairs and just talk to him? Yeah, Absolutely. So, you know, I hadn't really told them a whole lot about what the different rooms In the house were, but they led me upstairs to, what was his room?


Let's Do this corner for And to the corner of the room where his bed was. He and they had no idea that that used to be parked. They had no idea. And That's all set Up there. I said to them, okay, well if he's gonna talk, he'll just talk to me. Alright Dad, are you here? You need to turn on a light if you are. Thank you. Thank you Dad. We're gonna call that. Yes. If you could turn that one off now and turn on the no light. Any other light please.


I need to know that you're here. There you go. Oh, Thanks Dad. Do You want us to leave? Dad, would you like these people to leave and just talk to me? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Damn. I want to know, are you in a good spot? Are you okay?


Are you okay? Are you okay Dad? Yes. All right. Good. I'm glad to hear that. Okay. Everything off. Everything's off. Almost, almost. Good All. right? Thanks. I'm gonna ask you this. You know, is mom here too? Is Mom here too?


And the other of the three flashlights lights up, huh? Yes. Hi Mom. I know that if you're both here that I love you very much and I miss you all the time. I have so many questions for you, but I can't ask them all and just yes or no questions. But, But I said, well, have you been able to see the things that I've done to the house and both of the lights lit up very brightly?


Yes. And then, So I've lived here for six years, redone the house. I've done a lot of things. Yeah. I said, What do you think? Are you happy with this? Are you happy with the things I've done with the house? And they both lit up very brightly. Yes. And I said, are you proud of me? Are you proud of what, who I'm what I'm doing? That's a very tic. It means a lot to me.


So in a few days wise, I've probably never set foot in this house again. And I don't want you to like stay here and feel like you belong here. I want you to be free. Can you like over this house move on next.


I am going to leave you guys that you've been hing my dreams a lot about this house and I know it's very important to you. It's been very important to me. We leave You.


Okay. I think. Yeah. So that's where it ends. Yeah. Hmm hmm. Yeah. That's how I call it being exactly like that.


And yeah, I kind of teared up a pen And keep in mind that this was the first time that Dennis had heard this tape. And so we played it back to him. 'cause we just wanted to see like how he remembered that experience. You know, I guess part of part of part of my fear of listening to it was that it would change it and that it would be a different experience. It would be a little more hokey and it would be a little more unclear what was happening. But listening to it again, I, you know, it was as I recalled it being So In, the end as he believed he was actually talking to his dead parents.


Well, no, no, I, I ended up actually calling this guy who explained to me how this whole flashlight thing works and that there is a perfectly non paranormal explanation as to what's going on with the flashlight. It almost Feels bad manners at this point to have a practical explanation, but I'm very curious to hear it. Sure. Well, what's going on is you turn the flashlight on. Yeah. And when you turn the flashlight on, the bulb gets really hot. Right. And then you take the top of the flashlight and you unscrew it just like enough that the flashlight flickers off. So the flashlight's off and the bulb, it got really hot. So the inside of the flashlight also got really hot.


And there's this little piece of plastic inside the flashlight that when it got hot, it expanded. And now as the flat, since the flashlight's off that piece of plastic, it starts to cool down and it starts to contract. And when it contracts, it pushes these two tiny bits of metal together. These two little bits of metal come into contact. And that's your circuit. So the circuit opens the light bulb, it goes back on. Mm Oh, then it warms again and closes And then it gets hot. Yeah. And so the little piece of plastic, it starts to get audited, expand. It pushes the two pieces apart. And these people chose this flashlight because it had that particular property. Yeah. Do you think it's like a con or something? No, I don't think so. No. I, I don't think so. I mean, I even talked to Dennis about this. He, he's like, I think they're just trying to make sense of, of randomness.


I mean they don't, I don't think they necessarily know that this flashlight does this thing and therefore they can manipulate people. Well Here's why I don't think it's a con because in this case it's such a, it's such a strange coincidence that whenever he wants his mom and dad, his ghostly mother and father to approve of him and congratulate him and honor him with a yes I mean it's random. He could get a no, but he gets a yes. It's just chance. Hmm. And you told Dennis all this? Yeah, I told Dennis. 'cause you told me to tell Dennis. It's true. It's true. I forced him. Okay. So when you told him, what did he say?


Well, on one level, like it, it didn't phase him. Dennis basically said like, look, I know, I know that the way that the world works is the way that the world works. People don't come back from the dead. People don't talk to you through flashlights. But he also said that like, he's not gonna let go of that experience. He wants to have it both ways, I guess. So I guess, I guess I wanna have both. Yes, this didn't happen and yes, this absolutely happened. I understand that. Yeah. Because even if you are the world's biggest skeptic, if you don't believe in like, there really aren't that many ways to talk about these sorts of things, these sorts of things that we all feel, you know, guilt for, for the things that we've done in our past.


The loss of those who, who we've loved that like ghost stories kind of seem to stick around because they are an experience, albeit like a metaphorical experience, but an experience that lets us talk about these things that we can't adequately talk about. You know, that feeling of of being Haunted. And so did he eventually sell the house? Move out? Yeah. Yeah. Sold the house. Moved out. No more dreams of his parents haunting him. Well, It's been odd In the time that I've sold the house now I thought the dreams would stop. And now the dreams are that I am the one haunting the house of the new people where I will just walk in.


Really? Yeah. And just be like, Hey, I'm here. That, yeah. And are you like Going around repairing Things? Nope. I'm just like being somewhat shocked at what they've done to it. It's like it never stops, you know? Thanks Matt. No problem. Matt Kielty. I'm Ja Abumrad. I am Robert Kwi. Thanks for listening. Hi, I'm David and I'm from Baltimore, Maryland. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts.


Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Blum, Becca Bressler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, Gutierrez Du Nu Samand, Matt Kielty, Annie McEwen, Rebecca Lax, Alex Neeson, Sara Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.


Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P. Sloan. Foundation


Life can throw a lot your way. In the morning. You might be battling drop off times while your kids are battling imaginary monsters or their shoelaces. But no matter what life brings life, cereal puts a smile on everyone's face with 24 grams of whole grains and unexpected sweetness in every serving, it's sure to please even the pickiest eaters help start your mornings with life cereal. I really love my life.


NYC now delivers the most up-to-Date local news from WNYC and Gothamist every morning, midday and evening. With re updates a day, listeners get breaking news, top headlines and in-depth coverage from across New York City by sponsoring programming like NYC. Now you'll reach our community of dedicated listeners with premium messaging and an uncluttered audio experience. Visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org to get in touch and find out more.