
WNYC Studios is supported by Zuckerman. Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government, and in internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com.


Radiolab is supported by Dell. The wait is over. Dell Technologies, black Friday and July deals are live. Check out incredible savings on select laptops and more like the XPS 15 powered by Intel core processors. The XPS 15 brings you the perfect balance of power and portability, plus stellar visuals and immersive sound. When you shop online at dell.com/deals, you'll have access to exceptional tech and electronics, plus free shipping on everything. Don't miss out on Black Friday and July. Savings at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Radiolab is supported by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now, you're driving, exercising, cleaning, What. if you could also be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching Save, nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts Multitask right now. Quote today at Progressive dot com. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June 2022 and May 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Oh, wait. You're listening. Okay. All. right. Okay. All right. you Are listening. Listening to Radiolab. Lab Radiolab from WNYC. Yeah. I'm Lulu Miller. And I'm m Latif. Nasser. This is Radiolab. How do we how, how should we start? I mean, you probably should lead with the big news from yourself. Okay. The big news, which I actually just found out, is particularly big. I am very, very pregnant. I have a, a extra big baby inside. I just found out at the doctor, which means I will be one sort of disappearing from the regular rhythm here for a little bit.


Although we've preloaded some things. I'll pop in and out. But also it means that I am past my fly safe date. So I am not allowed to fly anywhere. Right. But you just, I flew. You flew. And you got to do an event with our resident, er, Dr. Correspondent of Er Mitra. Yeah. And I. Truly know nothing except that I had total FOMO and authentic jealousy. 'cause you're both so shiny and fun on stage. But we're gonna get to hear about it now. Right? Right. Okay. So let me set the stage a little bit. So we, the, so the place we performed at was our kind of WNYC's very own live space called the Green Space. Yep. Hello. Hello. Welcome everybody. I am your friendly neighborhood Radiolab host.


Latif Nasser. And basically what, what this came out of. Okay, so you people probably remember the stories that Avere has done on this show. He did one about this mysterious epidemic of vultures dying. He did one about this miracle drug that they took out of soil. Yeah. Yeah. So he is done all these great stories, right. But he came to me with this idea of something kind of different. Avere has, has been able to convince me and, and hopefully with some special guest friends we have, he's gonna be able to convince all of you that not only does he make saving a life look easy, that actually in this one particular way, it actually kind of is easy. Basically, he wanted to take on in a, in a sort of straight ahead, practical way, one particular topic and show how in this one case, all of us, including you, Lulu, including you, listener, how you can be the difference between life and death.


Like A thing you could actually Do. It's a thing you could actually do to save a life. Ooh. Okay. Okay. See you ready? Yes. Here. We go. So, is everybody excited? Yes. Please welcome to the stage of your Mitra. Okay. Thank you guys. All, right? What, what are we gonna do? Get going? Well, I, let's get going. I guess I was kind of hoping we could start with a little story. Okay. Does that sound good? Sounds great. So the story goes, you know, I had, there was a patient, she was a 78-year-old woman coming in from Jersey. It was her birthday. Her family took her to see a Broadway show.


Husband's with her, some kids, some grandkids. And you know, while they're waiting in line, she sort of collapses. The family responds immediately, like they lay her flat, okay. They start fanning her. Someone calls 9 1 1. Literally in under a minute, they call 9 1 1. Ambulance comes in record time and the EMS finds that she's actually in cardiac arrest. So she's in cardiac arrest. She comes to the hospital and that's where I get involved. In the story. 'cause I'm the resident there. And so I'm like a second year resident, which means I'm sort of, I know some things and I'm cocky about it. But, I, don't know what I don't know type of thing. So, I'm seeing this patient come in, it's cardiac arrest, And I.


I like know my algorithms, and I'm like, Ooh, I got this. So we start doing everything. We're doing chest compressions we're, we start iv, we put a, a line into our shin so we can put synthetic adrenaline in there. We're shocking the heart, you know, we're putting her on a ventilator. We're doing all these things. We're working on the heart for like, at least 20 minutes, maybe 30 minutes. Okay? So I'm there and I'm just like so eager about it. So we shock the heart, we look with an ultrasound, it's not beating, shock it again, shock it again. And eventually all of a sudden, boom, just like that, the heart restarts, blood pressure's normal. All of a sudden, all these vital signs that were all beeping at me start, start looking great.


And so I was super excited. The family's all around me. They're crying, and now they're crying. I, I tell them she's back and they're crying like tears of joy. Wow. They're like, wow, ama amazing. So, so the next step is now she's more stable. So now we have to bring her to get a CAT scan. So, So Veer had brought some visuals with him and at this point he showed us a slide of a cat scan of a healthy brain. This is kind Of what a good cat scan of a brain would look like. I know it's hard to see, but it's like a cross section of a brain. Okay. Kind of looks like how you would picture a healthy brain with, you know, folds and everything. You got these nice black ventricles, In, the middle, you have all this nice brain matter there. To me, this is a beautiful picture.


I don't know if you guys feel that way. Okay. But what I saw next was this. Then he showed us the cat scan of the brain of this patient, of your cousin Mrs. W. And this is what he saw in that moment. And this sort of made my heart sink into my stomach. It's Just a blob, it's just a gray Blob. What I'm seeing here is that this brain is dead, completely dead. Oh my God. And I guess in my eagerness to sort of be the, the guy who knows what to do. I just sort of didn't even think about this. And now I have to go out and, you know, talk to the family. And it was, I just wanted to disappear. It was like a terrible, terrible moment for the family.


And, and now I'm, I'm part of it. So I had to tell them And I felt terrible because now I have to tell this family that actually your grandmom is brain dead. And, and now I had to sort of make them withdraw life support. And, you know, And, I felt And. I felt like I wanted to save her life. And what I ended up doing was making her sort of die twice. Oof. Well, how did the family take it? What? They were very gracious about it. They were very nice. They, they were kind, they were like, you did everything you could. But it just sort of shook me out of this sort of immature kind of cockiness. I had In the emergency department at the time, right? So that, that sort of stuck with me forever, I guess And, I, I think about that case a lot.


But like, what, what went wrong? Like, why did it Like Yeah, what did you do something wrong? Like, what happened? Right. Well, let's table that, because if we do a good job tonight, I think by the end, you guys will know exactly what went wrong there. Okay. So we'll get there. But yeah, I guess that's sort of the impetus from why I wanted to do the show because I, you know, I was thinking, in our society, we worry about so many things. You know, wake up In the morning start doom scrolling, and we worry about, you know, we're worried about climate change, we're worried about gun control, we're worried about terrorism. But, but like, really the reality is the majority of human beings die because of heart problems.


It's not sexy, but it's just true. Like this is across the world. So at this point, we're all looking at a graph of the leading causes of death worldwide. So like all of, all the deaths that happen on planet earth. Yeah. And number one is heart disease and heart failure. Wow. The number two is not even close Far. And like down here we have terrorism. Wow. Where we have all climate change. I'm not putting any of these things down like they're real, but fires, suicides, murders, HIV vs. Somewhere on this list. But cardiovascular disease, it's just insane. We should like allocate government budgets based on this graph. Okay. But We Do it based on what's scariest looking, you know?


Right. And in America it's a little better. It's only just one in three people will die of heart problems. So, Don, don't know if you guys want, you know, look to your right and to your left, figure out which of the three of you is dying from your heart. It's, it's one of, one of the three. I'm, I'm just glad there's only two of us on stage, right? No. So, okay. So when hearts do stop, you know, if a heart stops and eventually when it stops, it can happen slowly or quickly, right? So if your heart starts to die slowly, that's good in a way, because at least you can, you know, get your way to a hospital, see a doctor, make an appointment. When You say slowly, like how, how slowly are you talking about? I mean, I'm saying like, it's almost like if you're driving a car and the check engine light comes on, like, you know, you need to take it into the shop.


But like you can wait a couple hours and maybe you can wait a couple days. Right? Okay. All. Right. But sometimes your heart stops quickly, like one minute it's working, the next second it stops working. And when that happens, we call that cardiac arrest. Basically your heart arrested. And the thing about a heart stopping is basically that means you're dead. So like when we pronounce a death, we'll listen with a stethoscope to the heart, I'm sure you've seen that on TV and stuff. But actually this idea that a dead heart is a dead person kind of goes back as long as humans have been around. This is gonna sound weird, but I was just reading Gilgamesh for some reason. Great book. I don't know, it's, but how do you have Time to read?


Don't get it. Okay. Audio book. It was the audio book. Okay. All, right. Okay. Audio book of Gilgamesh All. right. I highly recommend it. Gilgamesh turns out is the oldest story that we know. It's like the first written story. And even in Gilgamesh they sort of reference, they say, what is this? You know, someone dies, In the story. What is this? Sleep witch has seized you, you've turned dark and do not hear me. He touched his heart, but it beat no longer. So even then I was listening to it. And I was like, oh wow. Like even then, 4,000 years ago, they knew that when someone doesn't have a heartbeat, they're dead. And as long as humans have known that, we've been trying to restart hearts. So there's this sort of been this practice of like re-animation, bringing a heart back from the dead that we've been working on for thousands of years.


The oldest reference is actually, and we don't have to read the whole quote, but is In the Old Testament here. There's actually this guy, Alicia Elisha. Does anyone know how to put Elisha? Okay. So this guy, what was he a prophet or a He's a prophet. So he did this. So there's this story of when he goes into someone's house, a boy's house, and he goes and sees that he's dead. So he goes and closes the door behind him, prays and then lays on top of the boy, puts his lips on the boy's lips, eyes to eyes, and just lays on him. Whoa. And then the body's, the boy's body grows warm, the boy sneezes and comes back to life. He sneezes. Yeah. Wow. I mean, okay. I didn't, I didn't learn this technique in medical school.


Okay. All, right? Yeah. But. I. Guess it. I mean, In, the Old Testament, they say it worked. Huh? So I, who knows if this really happened? Don don't know. Do you think it really happened? It Says that he was alone with the boy In the room. Yes. And with the door shut, so who knows. Oh Boy. True. New York skeptic right There. Alright. Yeah. So, so that, who knows? But In the modern era. We've been trying to do this for a long time. Actually, Don don't know if any of you guys have seen this picture. So This is like a, it's a drawing, like an old drawing you'd see in like an old medical atlas or something. Okay. There's someone lying on the ground, naked on their side. Okay. And then there's someone else sitting over top of that person And this guy puts a tube up.


This person's rectum. Does he know you? You, you can't really get to the heart from there. You Know, I'm not sure what they're thinking, but he takes a big drag of a cigarette or a cigar, okay. And blows the tobacco smoke into the rectum. This was called a tobacco smoke enema. And it was, What's the logic here? Like how, why do they think this is All? right? I did spend some time trying to put myself in this guy's shoes. Okay. And the best I can come up with is nicotine is kind of a stimulant. Okay. And the rectum has a lot of tissue. So maybe just blowing a bunch of nicotine and a bunch of tissue with, with thought to work, you know? Great. Sure.


But it, you know, no surprise to anybody here, it didn't really work actually the phrase blowing smoke up your ass. Right? That's where that came from. Right. And from the guy next to him when he is like, this is working right. And he is Like Yeah for sure. it is working After a couple centuries of, or you know, a couple decades of this, it just became Yeah. Blowing smoke up my ass. I get it. Well, but we've tried other things even more recently, you know, so like all things that I love in science, an answer kind of came from probably the most bizarre place that you could ever think of. Okay. This guy Rudolph Bo, he is a German guy. Okay? And this is 1878. So this guy is a, a pharmacologist and he's studying chloroform And I mean this is the guy, the big bushy beard.


This is kind of the guy that you've sort of Yeah. Expected And I. Don't know why they invented chloroform, but he was experimenting on it. And the way he would experiment on it is to take cute cats. Okay. And chloroform them just, I know. Just For fun. Just For, I mean, today he would be labeled a sociopath. Okay. All. right. Okay. Okay. But, but you could do that back then. So he would just kill these cats or he would chloroform them. And the thing about chloroform is if you don't use enough, it really doesn't do anything. If you use too much, it kills the person. You know, you gotta get that happy medium. Right. And So I don't know if this is true But, this is what I think he was spending too much money getting all these cats, you know, he kept killing cats.


So he is like trying to figure out how can I like, you know, work on my budget here. He's trying, he's trying to reduce, reuse, recycle kind of thing. Exactly. Right. Okay. So what he sort of, by doing this over and over again realizes is that he, if he chloroforms his cats too much, he could start sort of start squeezing the cat's chest for a few minutes and then the cat would survive. Wow. And that's the guy. That's the guy. And this is the guy, This is how we figured this Out. So that happened, he publishes this, and then lo and behold, 20 years later, a young surgery resident is In the hospital. One of his patients dies. And he somehow heard about this and just tries it on a patient. Is This in Germany again Or? No, this is in, I think this was In the US.


Oh, okay. Yeah. So he, or maybe England, I can't remember where it was. But. this is 20 years later. So the early 19 hundreds, he just randomly tries it on a patient and lo and behold it works. Wow. So these are the first times that we were able to bring people back from the dead. And since then we've progressed a very extremely long way. Now we have so many ways to Do it. We almost take it for granted. Right. You know, we can shock people back into a normal rhythm. We can give super strong medicines. We even have machines that will pump for the heart when the heart can't pump. Hmm. I mean it's, we're so used to it honestly, that In the, or in places people will induce cardiac arrest just to test the heart so that they know what causes it to bring it back on certain patients.


Wow. It's like such a, like, like it's now like a standard miracle. Like it's like it's just expected thing that we're, it's Like Yeah. Totally fine cardiac arrest. Let's bring it back. So. I have a little video here that I, I think is cool Don, don't know if you guys will think it's cool. But. this is a heart. And we got the music too. So this is them In the or in, and this is a normal heart that's beating in a weird rhythm and all of a sudden it goes into cardiac arrest. You'll see right here, they induce cardiac arrest. Now the heart is dead. It's dying as we speak. Wow. Okay. And then you hear a shock charging, they shock the heart and now it's back. And you can hear it. By the way, they're casually playing Bon Jovi In the background Because this guy's living on a prayer. I mean, if doesn't feel right.


Yeah. I couldn't have said it better myself. But basically it's like standard. This is no big deal. Right, right, right. So you would think at this point cardiac arrest would be like, no, no big deal. Like you go into cardiac arrest, we got you. Right. Unfortunately, that's just not the case. Turns out that if you suffer cardiac arrest outside of a hospital, on average, your chance of surviving of living is 8%. Is 8%. Yeah. 8%. Which look at that another way, if you, if your heart stops quickly anywhere, In the world outside of a hospital, you basically have a 92% chance of just dying then and there. Right. Wow. And that's, that means that like Don don't know. It's like you never had a chance to see a nurse, see a doctor.


It's like you had died a hundred years ago or a thousand years ago. It's really no different. But, and that's how a lot of people are still dying. But is That a thing? Is that just a thing about the heart? Like the heart is, it can only be revived 8% of the time or something, Right? Yeah, exactly. You could Think, you know, is there something inherent to the heart? 8%? Turns out, no, because it turns out there's a place In the world where you can have a cardiac arrest and you'd have like much better outcomes. So, Don, don't know. Do you wanna take a guess where it is? Like what's the ideal place to have a cardiac Arrest? Yeah, maybe we should ask. Yeah. Like, do you guys have any, you had to have a cardiac arrest. In the hospital. Hospital, Hospital. Sure. Where was that? I would think like a nursing home, maybe Nursing home.


Anywhere else. Just name places. Who knows? Denmark. What's that? Denmark. Denmark. Okay. That's bad. Denmark, The gym. Maybe He knows Something. No. Okay, so I'm gonna shatter all your Okay. Beliefs. The best place to have a heart attack is a casino. Yes. And Why is That? So, you know, it turns out that it's the perfect practice space for cardiac arrest. You have a lot of older elderly people, okay? Right at a casino. Okay. They periodically lose a lot of money and get very stressed. Yeah, No kidding. Right? And they often manage that stress by doing potentially unhealthy things like smoking cigarettes or drinking alcohol.


Okay. So cardiac arrests happen a lot at casinos and everybody there is on camera and everybody in who works there. Like the, the dealers, you know, everybody, they're all trained in CPR. Ah. So as a result, the car, the arrest or the survival rates of cardiac arrest in casinos is actually 53%. Oh, It is unreal. Save Your life, but take your shirt. Yeah, yeah. Wow. Sorry, residents. It's not where we work. It's not, yeah. Wow. Yeah. So, so that to me that's saying like, you know, we can do something. If we could do CPR, we can really increase these numbers because The reason the survival rate is so good In the casinos is because there's someone right there, right in that moment doing CPR, getting that heart beating right away.


It really comes down to time. So this is a survival curve. Okay. So another graph here. So okay, along the side it's survival percentage. Okay. Right. Zero at the bottom, a hundred at the top. Okay. And then on the bottom you have like mi minutes And at times zero, that's like when your heart stops and you could see every minute that passes, your chances of coming back just exponentially decreases. So, you know, think about in New York City, we have like the, there's an ambulance on every corner, as you guys know, it keeps you up all night. And the average response time in New York City is five minutes and 53 seconds. And that's, that's, that's great. That's pretty good. Yeah. That's, that's pretty good. Great. But look at where that puts you on this graph. Oh Yeah.


Not, not Good. Not so good. Yeah, not so good. You're at like between 10 and 20%, you're probably at like 15% chance of survival right off the bat. Wow. Now picture, you know, pic, Don, don't know picture, you're in Nebraska or some, somewhere else where a good time would be 30 minutes. Right. So that's the problem, right? Hmm. And just to put this in context, like cardiac arrest, In, the US happens 1000 times every day. No. Yeah. So this is like dismal to me, right? Like you have 92% chance of staying dead. It's happening a thousand times a day. Right. And survival is not great. And, And, and Vera's point was like, given that graph, the real problem is that when this happens outside of hospital, there's just not enough time.


Right? The key is the person or people who are right there with them at that very moment on the sidewalk or In the house or the restaurant or whatever. Yeah. The only way to nudge that number is for those people to do something. We have to squeeze the heart. We have to compress that heart. So it's actually very simple. Don't let anyone make this complicated. You have a heart sandwiched between two bones. You have a breast bone up top and you have vertebrae below it. And all you're basically doing is just sandwiching the heart between those two bones and manually pumping it. Okay. You know, and you can't Do it forever. But this, this actually works. Is it fixing the problem? And this is where a lot of people get confused. Is it fixing the heart?


No. Is it just pumping the blood around to sort of buy you time? Yes. That's exactly what it's doing. Got it. Now all of a sudden your survival goes down much more gently. You're buying yourself time for someone to come in and do something about it. Right? So I Guess that brings us to, like, the real question is, you know, what would you do in this situation? You know, that's the question. Because the truth is like when this happens out, In the world, a lot of us just freeze. Right. You know, And, I can't help. I'll be at work. You know, you'll be, you'll be In the recording studio, right? You'll be, so it really just comes down to you guys, right? Like, what would you do? Really put yourself in that situation because it sounds good on paper, but like, imagine you're just walking down the street and someone collapses, or you're with someone and they collapse.


So What, what would you do Lulu? If I saw someone collapse And. yeah. I mean, I would call 9 1 1. I would say, does anyone not here? Does anyone else here know what to do? Yeah. And I mean I'd be really scared to do the wrong thing. Yeah. And I'm probably so frozen. I I'm probably just calling 9 1 1 and waiting and hoping and searching for someone who knows what to do. Yeah. And I mean. That's fair, right? Because most of us haven't taken the CPR course. It's a little bit scary, feels maybe dangerous. Right? But here's the thing about this whole event that actually felt really new and, and actually shook me.


Right? Okay. So because according to Avere, there is a new way of thinking about and doing CPR that is completely changing the game. And, and when we come back from break, we are going to have a couple of very special guests come up to the stage and tell a story that is on the one hand completely heroic, but at the same time, when you hear it, you realize just actually how easy stepping up to a moment like that can be. Hmm. So just stick around. We'll be right Back.


WNYC Studios is supported by Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


Radiolab is supported by ZBiotics. If you've been looking for some help, waking up refreshed after a fun night out, ZBiotics pre-cool probiotic is here to help. ZBiotics is a genetically engineered probiotic invented by scientists to help tackle rough mornings after drinking. This probiotic is the first drink of the night for better tomorrow. As it works to break down the byproduct of alcohol, which is responsible for rough mornings after go to ZBiotics dot com slash Radiolab to get 15% off your first order. When you use Radiolab at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. If you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money no questions asked. That's ZBiotics dot com slash radiolab and use the code Radiolab at checkout for 15% off.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. Ever heard the phrase? Comparison is the thief of joy. it is such a good little piece of advice, but it can be easier to dole it out than actually practice it. And it's not like social media helps with the whole situation. If you've ever found yourself getting caught up in wishing your life looked like someone else's therapy can help you work through these feelings. Talking to a professional can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp h glp.com/radiolab.


I'm Christina Ucci. And this season on Slow Burn, it's Called Proposition six, the Briggs. Initially, John Briggs is gonna fire every gay and lesbian school teacher in California. With so much at stake. Young people became activists. We can't let this happen in California. And activists became leaders. My Name is Harvey Milk And. I'm here to meet Cher Slow Burn Season nine Gaze against Briggs out. Now, wherever you listen,


Latif Lulu and we are back from break. Where? Veer And I. Were on stage in New York City. We are now about to bring up on stage a couple. They're called the Glaucomflecken Glau. They are Fle, is that their last name? Glau? No. Oh, it's sort of their like ndez TikTok. Okay. We're bringing Will Flannery and his wife Kristen Flannery out to talk to us. Now I know about him because of this guy's TikTok channel. He makes comedy videos for healthcare professionals that literally are like spread like wildfire. So this this, this guy is like literally the Elvis of medical comedy, I swear. I mean, he's, he's he's amazing.


So I. Wanna bring up Will Flannery and his wife Kristen Flannery. Great. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hi everyone. Hi. So yes, I am a internet comedian, ophthalmologist, which I swear is a real job that I made it up, but it's still a real job. If you don't know what an ophthalmologist is, though, I am an eye surgeon, so that means I, I went to med school, And I learned everything there is to learn about the human body, the entire human body.


And then I said, I don't wanna do any of that. it is like, I'll just devote my career to the eyeball. And, and that's what, so now I'm a practicing ophthalmologist and Kristen has been with me since the beginning. We, not Since birth, we're not Siblings. Well, not too far after. And we met in college. And I went on to med school. Kristen went on to grad school. We were at Dartmouth. But our story really starts in, well, it starts a long time ago, but we're gonna go to 2020, the pandemic hit. And when the lockdown occurred, my practice shut down. So I couldn't see any patients. So I had all this free time on my hands. I did start making tiktoks around that time.


But there were also, there was a, there were a few times where I honestly thought I might get redeployed to the hospital to help out. And do you know how bad a public health emergency has to be for, for someone In the ICU to be like, are there any ophthalmologists we could get up here? Now, fortunately it didn't happen. Like there were plenty of more qualified people than an eye doctor to go help out But I. I had all this free time on my hands making all these videos, trying to do virtual ophthalmology, which is as hard as it sounds.


And then on Mother's Day in 2020, we had a wonderful day. We were at my in-Law's house. We had a, a nice meal out In the backyard. We had Social distancing. Yeah, exactly. From my parents. And we, we had a, It was very weird, but it was nice. We had a wonder, we had a water balloon fight In the backyard. And that day Kristen took a lot of photos and those were almost the last photos that were ever taken of me because later that night, I had a cardiac arrest in my sleep At around 4 45 In the morning I woke up to him making some very strange sounds.


Fortunately they were loud And, I'm a mom, so I'm a light sleeper. All you moms know exactly what I'm talking about. And I woke up, And I thought he was snoring. I was still really groggy. I'm not in medicine. I studied cognitive neuroscience and then education and marketing and, and basically everything. But medicine bodies are gross and So I thought he was snoring. I did the thing that you do, you know, like, ugh, quit it. You're waking me up. And like, tried to get him to turn over and stop snoring. But he wasn't responding and he was just something about the, the how he wasn't responding kind of raised a red flag.


Like, whoa, that's weird. And I couldn't put my finger on why, but it just didn't seem right. And So I tried a little bit harder, still nothing. And so then I started to get a little freaked out and So I started kind of slapping his face a little bit and, and yelling his name. And then he, he still wasn't responding. And I had no idea what was happening. But I knew this isn't right, this is very bad. And So I just did the only thing I could think of to do, which was I called 9 1 1 and it was the most bizarre period of time in my whole life.


I sort of part, part of me, part of my brain was like In the moment and just like really focused on like what needs to happen and just like in emergency mode. And then another part was just sort of, it was almost an out-of-body experience. Like I wasn't the one dying, but I was the one having an out-of-body experience, just sort of watching myself and, and this scene unfolding and just feeling like what, you know, like this is just so wrong. He went to bed perfectly healthy. I take that back. You were not perfectly healthy. He had survived testicular cancer two times before that.


So like, he's used up three of his nine lives so far. But hopefully I had, I had a little bout of cancer a couple times. Yeah, yeah. But that wasn't anything, you know, we had moved, I was fine past that. He had been completely healthy, cleared all these things. And it just seemed so wrong that anything would be wrong with him. He doesn't have a family history of any cardiovascular incidents really. He didn't have a personal history. So it was just the most bizarre thing. And I was leaning my head over his chest as I was calling 9 1 1. And I was sort of noticing like, I don't hear anything, there's no heart beating in here. but it was just kind of like, huh, that's interesting.


I couldn't really fully process that at that time. But I remember taking note of that. And so then the dispatcher came on and they asked what the emergency was. And I said, my husband won't wake up. And the dispatcher asked me, what I have since learned, I did not know this at the time, But I have since learned, there's only two questions that you need to know the answer to, to know that it's time for CPR and that's, is he responding to you? And of course the answer was no. And is he breathing normally? And that, that word normally is very important because I would have said yes, he's breathing. In fact, I think I did say, yeah, he was breathing, kind of like taking these weird gasps and then he would stop for a bit and then he started breathing again.


I've learned since then. That's called agonal respiration. It's the body's last ditch, unsuccessful attempts at breathing in air, but it's not real breath. And so that second question, is he breathing normally? The answer to that was no. So because he was not responding and he was not breathing normally, she said, I'm gonna walk you through CPR And. I said What? It didn't make any sense. But I just said, okay, And I followed her instructions and she told me, she asked me if I could move him off the bed. We were, we were in bed, it was the middle of the night.


And So I said, well, I can't move him. I don't, Don don't know. You know, if anyone's just listening to this, you can't see this But I have heels on. He's got a good 13 inches on me and probably a hundred pounds. And more than that, I had had neck surgery four months prior that I was still recovering from And. I said, I can't move him off the bed. And she said, okay, if you can't move him, we're just gonna Do it where it is. And, I'm so glad I did not know this at the time, but that was bad. That was, you're, you need a hard surface. Preferably if you can get the person to a hard surface, do that.


But I could not. And so thankfully we do have a very firm mattress thanks to my neck. So that was good. But I did, she told me, you know, put, put your hands on his chest, lace your fingers together, put your hands on his chest, In the center of his chest between his nipples and just push hard and fast. And she just counted with me. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, just over and over and over and over for 10 straight minutes. It was May of 2020. And we lived not far from the station that responded to my 9 1 1 call, but they were full hazmat gear.


They had hoods, shields, the whole suit, gloves, everything. And so they had to wait outside of our door, put all the gear on, and then try to get In the door, which turned out to be locked. And so they had to kick it down. Never Been so happy to have structural damage To our house. That's right. I will take it any day if that's what it means. And so they finally, you know, were able to do all of that. But In the meantime, you know, that was 10 minutes of looking over my husband and the father of my two children who were eight and five at the time, and were asleep.


In the very next room. And I was thinking, they cannot come in here. They cannot come in here. They can, because I didn't want them to see what I was seeing, because you can never unsee that. And they were so young. And I was watching him turn blue and then purple, he stopped making those noises eventually. And by the time EMS arrived, he was gray And I saw them, take him off the bed, carry him downstairs, and lay him down on the hardwood floor and hook a bunch of things up to him.


And, you know, I may not have medical training. But I have watched television. And I heard things that should be beeping. I knew this. They were making a, a flat solid sound and a flat line. And I knew what that meant. And So I turned around. I remember this really distinctly, unfortunately, I turned around to go back up the stairs because I wanted to check to make sure that the children were still in their beds and weren't trying to come out And I didn't wanna see what I knew was about to happen because I saw them take out the paddles, And I as I went up the stairs before I could even get halfway up, I heard them deliver that first shock.


And I heard the way that his six foot four inch all arms and legs body just slammed against our hardwood floor in a really unnatural, weird way. And from there I just went up and I was trying to figure out anything useful that I might be able to do or, or just a thing to keep busy to keep from breaking down. And so I packed him a hospital bag. And I called into his clinic to tell them, I don't think he'll be in today. You might wanna reschedule his patients.


And I called both of our sets of parents. And you know, during that time, some of the paramedics, one of them was coming up and down the stairs and giving me updates. And he told me that what had happened was Will's heart had gone into ventricular de Fbri, no ventricular fibrillation. Did I get that right? Okay. Which is what you saw on the screen where when they stopped the heart, it just sort of shakes like this, but it doesn't actually pump any blood anywhere. And the sounds that I had heard were those agonal respirations and that meant that his heart had stopped. And, but thankfully they were able to get his heartbeat back after they shocked him five times.


They didn't give up on him, and their hoods and shields were fogging up and they would have to switch off. And it was such an effort and a team effort to get him back. And they didn't give up on him. And they did get his heartbeat back. And they took him to the hospital. And I went into my children's bedroom, And I asked them what they would like for breakfast. Just to put a a little bit of a different context on that, from a, a healthcare professional, 10 minutes of chest compressions, that's an eternity. Like two minutes you're supposed to pass off to somebody else because it's so hard to continue doing effective chest compressions after two minutes. And even I know that as an ophthalmologist and So I still don't know how she did 10 minutes.


Oh, I know. We had just gotten a mortgage and we had two young children. You were not getting out that easily. That's why come back here, sir. And so they took me to the hospital and from my perspective, you know, I went to bed one night, I woke up In the IC U2 days later, And I didn't have any underwear on. I didn't know what the hell was going on. And I had all the testing done, In the world. And we still to this day don't know what caused my cardiac arrest, which is not unusual for young people that have an outta hospital cardiac arrest. Often we don't have a good answer for why it happens. And you know, as a, as a physician, I never once thought to myself like when this happened, I had been a physician for like seven years.


And I never once thought, Hey, maybe my wife should know how to do CPR any of my family members because if something happens, I'm usually there. I'll be the one to help. We never thought about it happening to him. Yeah, I was the one that needed it. And I'm sure those of you here who know CPR probably have a family or friend who doesn't. And we need to support people who Do it. And so we want to thank you all for being here and listening to our story. So thank you all. Please. Thank the thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you Much us.


Thank you so much sharing us. Thank you And. I, bring back out Avere. Thank You. Thank you guys. So what you just heard is literally an 8% type of outcome. That that is very rare what you just heard. But Avere says the reason it did go well, it did become an 8% outcome is because of what Kristen did like her. That those 10 minutes of keeping that heart going while she waited for the EMTs to show up, like that was the crucial first step that made it possible to bring Will back and to bring him back without any brain damage. It.


I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about the, the weird restraints about not jumping in to do a thing And I do. Oh, right, right, right. Feel like didn't Radiolab once even do a show where doctors themselves were like, I wouldn't want a stranger doing CPR on me because Yeah. Because of the potential risks, which again, wouldn't be necessarily everyone's call, but that there were a bunch of doctors who Right, right, right, right, right. So, okay, so that episode, oh it's, I've heard it recently. It's called The Bitter End. Yeah. Totally holds up. Yeah. Everyone should listen to it. Okay. But it's a slightly different what they were talking about. Okay. What they were talking about was that was, those were doctors talking about let's say you're already in bad shape and something goes wrong. And, and if you Do it in that circumstance, or even if you Do it, if you Do it late, if you're waiting a lot of minutes and then, and then you start doing it, that's when it leads to way worse outcomes.


So, so it does have some risk, but a vere's point is like, You know, there, there are, you know, downsides to it. And there you gotta think about it this way. Like out of hospital cardiac arrest, you want do CPR to bridge that person to get to a hospital. So for me, if it's out of hospital cardiac arrest, like I want CPR done to at least get me to a hospital. And then if they think there's nothing that could be done, fine. You know, so At this point the conversation sort of turned back to like the reasons why people don't step in to do CPR. Yeah. And you know, they've done studies on this, you know, people are afraid you're doing something wrong. Maybe they're afraid of getting sued. Yeah. But one of the other big fears is the fear of infection. Right?


Of of putting your mouth on someone else's mouth, like a stranger's mouth. Right. That brings us to what Will and Kristen were talking about, which is sort of a new form of CPR that's trying to make things a lot simpler. And it's just hands-on CPR. So normally, you know, CPR it's like 30 compressions, two breaths. You gotta Yeah. That's, that's all I remember from what learning it in high school or whatever. It's Like. Yeah. Yeah. It's like counting the breaths and counting the pumps and Which like, I can't even, I, I do this for a living And I don't understand. I don't know where those numbers came from. And like you said, you gotta take a class, you know it's ex, it's expensive. You gotta get a card. Like we don't have time for that. So what they sort of invented, because they knew no one was really doing CPR is hands only CPR r where it's literally just push hard and fast on the chest.


That's it. Oh No breathing necessary. You don't gotta do any lip to lip, mouth to mouth. Actually None of that, none of that. Just push. Okay. Huh. And they were saying, well maybe they, they thought maybe this will do, you know, it won't be as good, but maybe it'll be something. And actually when they found out, well they have been studying it now for a couple years, head-to-head trials. This is producing the same outcomes as the big fancy CPR just pushing hard on the chest. Whoa. Yeah. The breast counting really just, and all of that. Just screw the lips. Just forget all that. Just literally pump, pump, pump, pump, pump, Pump. And the reason is, you know, when you're pushing on someone's chest, you're kind of squeezing their lungs a little bit. You know, you're getting a little bit of everything and That feels a little less scary to Do.


It doesn't way less scary. So hands only CPR r that's kind of where we're gonna be at because I want to teach you guys how to do hands-only CPR. So if we can have Al come up, we Yes. Give it up for Al From the Red Cross. Everybody, They're from the Red Cross, they sponsored this. They're bringing all these amazing dummies. So we're gonna show you guys how to do hands-only CPR right now. So what you, why don't you, what, what do you want? Tell 'em. I want to basically demonstrate CPR. Yeah. Hands only CPR R and give them step-by-step instructions on how to Do it. All, right? So you demonstrate. So you're gonna put one hand over the other. Okay. Do it In the middle of the chest and then you're just gonna push hard and fast down on the chest.


you want to go about two inches. It's harder than it is on the movies, but you could see that right there. That's good. CPR, another thing to notice is he's not moving his arms 'cause that you could Do it. It's just tiring. So what he's doing is sort of moving his hips like this, use your hips as a fulcrum and go up and down. Like just like that. Does that make sense? Yeah. Awesome. Alright. Thank you Al basically you just do that. Woo woo. Alright. Okay. Yeah. So should we take some questions? Yeah. Are there any questions or should we just like jump into it? Do we have any questions? So at this point we took a couple of questions from the audience, but we were basically like, you know, now's the time.


The show is basically over. Everyone's gonna stand up, we're all gonna practice this. We're all gonna train on how to do hands-on CPR. If your game, we want all of you to try it. Yeah. So Let's have people come up. And I just wanna say that, you know, my thinking about this is like for all the modern medicine we have at the end of the day when it comes to this, all we really have is each other. So. I. That's why I feel very strongly about this. We gotta help each other out. So come on up. Alright everybody, come on. Yeah. Let's Do it. All. right. And it, it was awesome. Like we, we got a heart shaped disco ball down. Oh that's great. So it turns out the right beat for doing CPR is between 100 and 120 beats per minute.


And it just so happens that the song staying alive by the Bee Gees is 103 beats per minute. Yeah. Right. So it's kind of perfect. I can't act surprise 'cause I learned this at Radiolab and it is, I will never forget it. It's so good. It's so good. But, but it turns out it's not just staying alive. Okay. There's a full playlist on Spotify that has songs that are at that exact beat and it's called CPR Jams. Ah, That's great. What else is on there? Here, lemme look. Okay. There's like three Usher songs on there.


Okay. Which ones? Which ones? Yeah. Burn and Caught Up. Crazy In Love by Beyonce. Oh, Crazy In Love Is Crazy In Love Baby. Don't Lie by Gwen Stefani. Okay, hold on. By Wilson Phillips. That feels, hold on. Feels like That's right. Hold on for 10 more Minutes. Texas. Hold them by Beyonce. This the newer one. Could you be loved? Bob Marlene, the Whalers. I want to dance with somebody. Whitney Houston. Jolene. Jolene. Just want to have fun. Cyndi Lauper. Justin Timberlake. Rock Your Body. 'cause he is, I mean, what you're doing is you're rocking a body. You sure Are Never gonna give you up.


Rick Astley. Oh the the Rick Roll song is The Rick Roll song. Okay. That's the one I think I might Like Yeah. That one almost feels easier. Yeah. Take a chance on me. That's great. By Abba Man. Wow. Well thank you Latif. Thank you Ave. I feel empowered to just use my hands. Hands only. This Is great. Great. And if anyone does save a life after, because of hearing this, tell us, let us know. Radio Lab at WNYC dot org. Let us know. Yeah. Okay, cool. That was great. La of Thank you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And big, big thanks to Will and Kristen Flannery, AKA, the Glaucomflecken. You can check them out on their podcast, Knock Knock High.


And they're actually going on a live tour starting in August. And if you go see that, you can hear more details about their story. It's called, of Course it is. Wife and Death thanks to the Green Space here at WNYC's Home in New York City. First of all to Jennifer Sendrow, who helped us make it work at basically every stage of the process as well as the rest of the Green Space crew. Carlos Cruz, Figueroa Chase, Ricardo Fernandez, Jessica Lowery, Skye Pallo, Ross Eric, Weber Ryan, Andrew Wilde, and Andrew y Chien. Also, thank you to the Red Cross for helping us make this happen and providing the CPR dummies. And to all the CPR trainers we had Ashley London, Jeanette Nicosia, Charlene Yung, Jacob Stable, Tye Morales, Anna Stacy, and Aditya Shekhar.


And by the way, you can see a video of the entire live show in its raw form on the Greenspace website to greenspace.org. Green is G-R-E-E-N-E where you can also check out all the other awesome live events happening at WNYC. All. right. That's it. That'll Do it. Yeah. Take a chance on me. Take a chance. Take a chance. Take a chance. Yeah. Okay. Hi, I'm Anne And. I'm from Al in Ireland. And here at the staff, CREDITS Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and it is Edit by Sore Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Rin Keef is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria, PA Gutierrez, Nan, Samba, Dan, Matt Ty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Carrie Valentina Powers, Sarah Samba, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Dan Kelly. Emily Krieger. Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation, Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.