
Radiolab is supported by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call the shots on your auto insurance too, with the name your price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you want, pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today at Progressive dot com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust Progressive Progressive, Casualty insurance company and affiliates pricing coverage match limited by state law.


Okay, so you, you don't know what we're talking about, right? Or you do know what we're talking about? Or what, what Are we doing? We're doing Lose. Lose, Right? Right. We're gonna play an episode from few years back called Lose Lose. It's an Olympic story, which we're playing now 'cause the Summer Olympics are starting very soon. But before we play that episode, I have a related thing that I'm very excited to tell you about. Oh, yeah. You're Going to the Olympics. I'm not going to the Olympics. But. I. Just, I, I love the Olympics Don. Don't know if you know this About me. Okay. And, I. Don't know that about you. I really love the Olympics. And like a few years ago, I got really fixated on the medals, like, why gold, silver, bronze? Why are there three of them? It just seems like kind of a random, like Don don't know.


Like, like why is it this way? And how did it become this way? I'm such a, I didn't even think to question it. I was just like, gold is more expensive than silver than bronze. Well, So, okay, so this is interesting. Right? Okay. So let's, so first rewind all the way back to the ancient Olympics, right? Let's say you win, there's one winner per event. There's not three winners. There's one winner per event, and they get a wreath Oh, of olive, like, of olive leaves. They get like an olive branch, right? No metal. No metal, No metals, zero medals in ancient Olympics. But like, also when you think about it, like it's grease, olive trees are everywhere. Like this is, It's not a good present. This is the lame, it is not a good Award surprise.


Like imagine if you spend your whole life working up to the Olympics. You win the Olympics, and they give you like, it's like, congratulations, you won water polo. Here's a pine cone. Like, like, that's what it's like. Right? It's so weird. Well, but they, they, They, they wove it and, and you get to wear it. It's a little, you know, there's a little bit of care. They did take the olive branches from special trees that were near like Mount Olympus, like, like, it was like they were special olive branches, but still Like Yeah. It still feels like you're like, come on, these are, It's imbued with meaning, but not actual value. Right? That's right. Okay. Okay. Okay. So now fast forward to the modern Olympics, right?


Okay. 1896. Right? They're doing the modern Olympics 1896 in Athens. Yeah. They're rebooting it. They decide to have medals, but listen to how they did it. Okay. First place silver metal. Oh, Second place bronze metal. Huh? Third place. Nothing. You don't get anything for third place. So silver. So gold isn't even a part of the deal. Was gold too expensive then Gold was, it felt too vulgar. Like people felt Like Yeah. It's, it's, if you're doing it for gold, you're doing it for money. Like it should be interesting. More symbolic.


Wow. Okay. Yeah. And like today, it would be like, we don't need a diamond medal. That's absurd. Yeah, that's right. Was like 10 million. That's right. That's right. You're right. Okay. That's right. Huh. And so first of all, everyone was like, okay, this Olympics, oh, this was so great. Like, this went so well. Like we rebooted this ancient thing. Yeah. And they're like, okay, great. Let's Do it again in four years. And everyone just assumed that it would be in Athens. Okay. But, but then the guy who's sort of in charge of it, Pierre de Kubert 10, he was like, no, let's Do it in Paris. And everyone's like, why? Why would we Do it in Paris? Right. And then there was kind of a big fight. So, so Did he prevail? So He prevailed. So it was in Paris.


Okay. But partly because the, the debate over where it should take place took so long, but partly for other reasons, the 1900 Olympics in Paris is one of, if not the worst Olympics in history. It was a chaotic disaster of an Olympics. It was notoriously mismanaged. It was like, okay, just chaos. So, but, and one of the things they did, 'cause it was so poorly planned, was they were like, okay, you know what? We don't know about the medals or whatever. Like every sport just fend for yourself. Like figure out what your own prizes are. And so, so you just read the list of like, what people won that year. Oh, wow. And there, Okay. It's, so we got what's on there.


Funny. There was a lot of, in general, there was a lot of like porcelain and there was just like a lot of like paintings and really tacky art. Won Australian runner. Yeah. Won several prizes. These were the prizes. A small clock, a lady's purse. Oh. And a silver letter opener. This one guy, he was an American pool vaulter. And his prize was an umbrella. So bad. Oh man, that's so sad. And you just picture him like walking away into the sunset. That's right. With his little umbrella. Wow. That's right. Okay. So that's one of my favorite Olympics stories.


That's, and then actually the next year, 1904 was also chaos. But at least by that time, they had figured out they'd sort of standardized the metals as we know them today. Oh, okay. So by then it's gold, silver, bronze. Then it was gold, silver, bronze, And, I. And my feeling was like, it was like, by then, like, it was like after all the tacky art and stuff, they were like, okay, like gold doesn't seem so, so ridiculous. No more, no more umbrellas, no more para plea. Okay. So that was a story from an Olympics in Paris 124 years ago. But now the Olympics is, you know, is, is a well-oiled machine to, to the degree that, you know, there's, there's very little chaos.


It's all very, very, very perfectly planned in advance. But there, there was one recent Olympics where a bit of chaos did emerge And, that little bit of chaos, it felt like a sort of a glitch. In, the matrix that made you made all of us, made the whole world kind of ask like, wait a second, what are we doing here again? And what is the point of sport? What is fair? What is within the rules? And what are you actually allowed to do? In the service of winning. Yeah. And it's a great story. You, you reported it. This is a, a rerun from a while back. Do we just kick it over? Bounce it over, hit it, swat it over to to the, to you and the old, yeah. The old man of your Robert Krulwich.


Let's serve it up. Okay. Wait, You're listening. Okay. All, right. Okay. All, right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab. Radiolab from WNYC. Rewind. Hi, I'm Robert Krulwich. And. I'm m Latif. Nasser. This is Radiolab. And today we're gonna do something completely upside down And inside out. Yes. It's, it's a sports story sort Of, but like none you've ever heard. And therefore we found a reporter who is a sports reporter. Like none you've ever heard. Yeah. I've been to a gym lately. Mike Pesca, he's the host of the GIST podcast, formerly of NPR.


And now he's here telling the story to us. Yeah. And how did you even first hear about this? Were you covering it? Oh yeah. Yeah. So This is Morning edition from NPR News. I'm Renee Monta. I was covering the 2012 Olympics for NPR. Good morning. Hello And. I declare Open the games of London. The stories of the Olympics. You try to find your own stories that are obscure, but if there's a big story, you chase it. So in those Olympics, so For you, what were the most notable achievements, In the first week of the games? Well, it's History of the best Kind. Michael Phelps breaking the all time record, obviously. So in Over A hundred years, nobody's won as many medals of the Olympic Games As, and everyone knew that, Oh, there A bolt.


And here comes, you say Bolt. And his record setting Quest In the hundred would be huge. Oh, He's retained his title In the most emphatic way. Brilliant, brilliant. But then this badminton story pops up and everyone rushes to figure out what the heck's going on with badminton. Because the 2012 London Olympics badminton tournament just, it took this somewhat obscure sport and it morphed it into this bizarre thought experiment about competition and integrity and what it means to win.


Okay. But mostly I think that the player, Although to be fair, Mike, he jumped on this story for very personal reasons. As a New Yorker, I say a lot of words and they're mispronounced. And the NPR audience would jump on them. But, I always can say the N in badminton and get a lot of plotts. So I'm attracted to badminton. Oh, well, What's the wrong way to say badminton? Most people say badminton. Bad Badminton. Like you're talking to some hand wear at winter time. Yeah. Like you're chastising a playful cat. Right. Badminton Bad. I see. Good. And then also, you know, you, you And I probably think of badminton as this backyard fun, silly game. But according to Mike, no This Is anything, But it has nothing to do with the badminton you play in your backyard.


Ugh, My goodness. It's much faster than you think it would possibly. Look, You get these players, what? Flying all over the court, stretching, reaching, diving. Wow. On ugh. The skill of the competitors is, you know, readily apparent. This Is pulsating badminton. A shuttle cock is a funny thing and perhaps not as impressive a thing as a tennis ball, but it looks, you know, a lot like tennis and there's a lot of tension, Severe Pressure, and there's a lot of grunting. And it totally seems like every bit of a legitimate and highly skilled sport.


Wait, I'm gonna start. Okay, so, so Robert, so you haven't seen this yet? No. But, I would like to show you something. Okay. This is, it is an ad. Yeah, this. Okay. This is the game that is at the center of this whole story. Women's doubles group. A Women's doubles badminton. it is not a metal round. It's In, the group play stage. There's a huge crowd here. Like the place is packed. Yeah. Please welcome. Representing the People's Republic of China. One shall and you young. So these two teams come out, you got China, yellow And red uniforms.


Yellow shoes. So here, Tom Versus Korea. Purple and white. Yeah. And let's just skip ahead here. All, right. So Here We, go game on. This is the first serve. So the Korean hat, Korean serve. So the Korean player flicks her wrist, the sheika goes over the net. China returns. Hmm. Right into the net by That was it. That was the whole thing. No, that was just a why Do it. Okay. All, right. So Korea, second serve and Chinese return. And Same thing. Now the net again. Yeah. So the service turned over, now the Chinese are serving.


Okay. China. Korea, China Into the Netan. Yeah. The, This is not exactly scintillating, I just gotta tell You like, well just watch this next point. So the Korean player serves it. Yeah. It sails over the net and then it goes, goes, goes, goes, goes. And the Chinese player clearly is right there. She has it. She then winds up just a slight bit. Like you could see, it's like she has this deep ingrained muscle memory from years of doing this. She winds up, she's about to hit it, and then she stops and the cock just plunks onto the floor.


Inbounds point of Korea. And then Tellingly, she looks back at the back corner of the court where her coach is sitting. They both are, yeah, this is a fix. They're fixing this like this is, well Yes, but There's been plenty of occasions where one side wants to lose and it ain't hard to lose. And the more important thing is it ain't hard to get away with it. Usually You wouldn't even notice it. You know, it's the difference between a couple serves over the line, a couple balls into the net. But In this case, as the match goes on, you start to realize That's very lethargic. Start In. The Korean players seem to be trying to lose two, They're serving faults.


True. Yes. They've gotta get into rally of course. But Why would everybody be trying to lose like Both sides? Well, it's actually a strategy because the way the tournament is laid out, both these teams are gonna be moving on to the medal rounds. But whoever wins this game is gonna have to play another Chinese team. A really strong team. I see. And Whoever loses is gonna play a way easier Danish team. Ah. So both teams are hoping to lose. Yeah. And it is the rare instance where you have both sides incentivized to lose that you get something that should be scored by Spike Jones.


It's a little bit of a prisoner's dilemma, right? Either side could lose, but when both want to lose, It becomes this surreal waiting game. Right? You know, who's gonna crack first and score a point. And so You got the best players, In the world, who just start hitting the shuttle cock out of bounds. They're surfing fault after fault, Faulting on purpose. And They're just hitting the ball straight, In the net, Hitting the shuttle, cock into the net. I'm sorry, you know, it's blindingly obvious what's going on. And you know, they're both Trying to lose. Sometimes they hit it below the net And that is unforgivable. They're hitting it straight into the ground, All but tripping over their own shoelaces purposefully.


And so what you get is Serve up all into the net point, Serve up after point of just terrible badminton. And it just devolves into this absurd, repetitive, crazy making lose athon. This is an absolute disgrace. It's so obviously lame. I mean mean this is not, this is not sport. This is, But it is kind of a sport because, and this is why I really love it. At a certain point, these two teams have to start competing with each other to lose what, let me play you this point. So China serves it, Korea hits it back, but it's going way out of bounds now.


Now in a normal world, China would obviously let that fall so that they could take the point, but they lunge to save it, right? Yeah. And they're hitting it back now Korea, then they are like, no, no, no, you know what, we're pretty sure we want it out of bounds. They hit it In the opposite direction, even further out of bounds. So now China goes to save it once again, but they don't get there in time. So the point goes to China, which China actually didn't want. And, and the Koreans wanted the whole time. So what Are you saying then is it Is, well it's like, it's like they invented a whole new sport, which is the exact opposite of badminton. it is, it is photo negative badminton. But then towards the end of the first set tournament, Referee has been called For, out comes the referee and here Comes Torsten Berg.


Hello, Torsten speaking. Hi, How are you? Torsten Baren was the head Olympic badminton referee who got that call. And I also heard the spectators Boo So I went to watch it. It looked pretty awful. This was not right. The Referee is pulling the players Together and told them that they were not playing seriously and they were making a very serious mistake. And they played stupid and said, no, we are playing, we're trying our best. We were actually able to get in touch with three of the four players in that match. Both Korean players and Kim Hana, and also one of the Chinese players.


And, and Ali told me they were trying to lose in that match. But what we didn't expect, South Korea would do the same thing. And as for the Koreans junk, young UN said that they too were trying to lose, at least during certain moments, In the game. But when the crowd started to boo and the ref came out, her partner Kim Hana said that. So I was Surprised and embarrassed. They were just scared. We just wanted to get out of the court as soon as possible. So Torsten walks off the court, They went on court again, And then the second serve after Torsten walks off the court, nothing but net.


So for the next few points, it does not get much better. No, It it, it didn't look like world class beton at all. Well, well, so the set comes to an end. Korea wins the set, and while the players are waiting on the sidelines, he Comes to the tournament referee again. Torsten comes back onto the court, he walks up to the players and he pulls out of his pocket almost subtly and shows to the players this black card, The black card, which means disqualification. This Is absolutely extraordinary. He has given both teams a black card or has he threatened them with a black card?


I'm really not terribly sure the players have returned to court. It was now that they should play or they would be in deep, sorry, maybe I shouldn't say No, no. The black, the black card says that pretty clearly. The black card, the black card was out. And I. I told them in very clear words and very seriously that in order to help themselves, they better play. Now The Korean player said that she turned to her partner, And I told her they're them. And we are we. So let's just play and do our best.


The second set starts, and pretty quick, China's Ali told me, Both Sides changed a little Bit. Instead of just serving into the net, Things started to get better. Rally, They would get the rally going. But then as the points kept coming, you started to notice Like they were playing very slowly. There's Something still really off here. They were not hitting the ball very hard. Now, The Korean team wouldn't admit this, but one Ali said that both teams Didn't change. The basic Fact Were still trying to lose, which I have to say is exactly what it looks like when you watch it. 'cause for the rest of the match, you get a bunch of these points where like, where just they'll lob it super high, you know, as if to say, Hey, smash it down on us, take your point.


Or they will, you know, hit it outta bounds and then face palm just, you know, practice their swing after they missed one. Just to, to say, say, oh, you know, my mechanics are off. I just gotta just practice this a few more times. Because it's like we've entered a whole third iteration of this game where it's like they're not just trying to lose, they're trying to lose cover up badminton, cover up badminton. You're trying to lose, but you're trying to look like you're trying to win Don don't think they're Feeling anybody here. No, no. So finally, after 20 long minutes of this, the Korean team loses the match.


By winning it Tonight has left me with a very nasty taste. In the mouth tonight was not sport, it was a disgrace. Goodnight. So all four players walked off the court and Kim Hana told me It was not a pleasant winning at all. And That her parents were In the audience that day. And afterwards they asked her, what Happened? What happened? Then why? Why do you have to get the booze from the audiences and et cetera, And I. Well, I was, I was sad and feel felt defeated.


So I didn't even want to talk to my mom. So, I. Remember I was just going, went to the hotel and had had rest. And the next morning at eight o'clock, all four pairs, in fact were disqualified according to the disciplinary regulations of the Benington World Federation, Which has a rule on the books that you can be disqualified for failing to use your best efforts. And the same evening they were on the plane home, They were just thrown outta the Olympics. A scandal at the Olympics is whole to do about the badminton players. Everyone was talking about some losers shuffle cots were going out. Tip being the shuttle co into the net, like a 5-year-old In, the backyard picnic.


It was downright humiliating. It was just sad that they were committing suicide in that tournament. At that time. The punishment hit me quite hard. I was very sad. And, I felt helpless. I was perplexed and didn't know what happened. We just cried. This doesn't sound like it's getting any better. No, but there's still more after the break.


Okay, Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. Ever heard the phrase? Comparison is the thief of joy. it is such a good little piece of advice, but it can be easier to dole it out than actually practice it. And it's not like social media helps with the whole situation. If you have ever found yourself getting caught up in wishing your life looked like someone else's therapy can help you work through these feelings. Talking to a professional can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp h glp.com/radiolab.


This summer, let the games begin. In the new Peacock original series, those about to die. Enter the cutthroat world of ancient Rome where gladiators and power players collide. Featuring Anthony Hopkins as the Emperor. This new series follows men and women from all corners of the empire in a high stakes fight for power in this arena, you either rise or die from the director of Independence Day and the writer of Saving Private Ryan, those about to Die is streaming now only on Peacock.


Hey there, do you like learning wild and wonderful new things about science? Well have I got a show for you? I'm Rachel Feltman, the new host of Scientific Americans Podcast Science. Quickly, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, science quickly offers bite-sized deep dives into the latest breakthroughs in science and tech. Whether you're into sexual health or supernovas quick news, roundups or immersive narratives, we've got you covered. Check out science quickly on your favorite podcast app today. We promise we'll make it worth your time.


We're back. I am Robert Krulwich And. I'm Latif Nasser. This is Radiolab. And when we left off the Korean and Chinese women's badminton teams had just been disqualified, kicked out of the Olympics. So what, so then what happened to the, with the players like Ru, what happened to them? Well, All four of them did keep playing badminton professionally after this junk young UN from Korea even went on to win the bronze in Rio. But at the time, this was a brutal punishment for all of them. Well, but you know, they, they did something wrong. This wasn't right. Right. I, you know, I don't even, I question whether it's even unethical. I think it's ethical in a way, what they did, really What the players Did.


I do. I think it's ethical. How so? Okay. So is the definition of ethics in sports to to win Sure. Without cheating. Yes. Does that mean to win every point? No, not necessarily. You know, in baseball there's the thing called the intentional walk. Sure. In football, a team will take a safety instead of punting and letting the other teams score a touchdown. So this is a calculation where a point here or there is not as important as the whole and the whole is the game. So, okay, let's move back. Let's pan out a little more. I think an individual game is often lost. Look, we're not gonna put our good starter here. We're going to manage the lineup because the goal is to win the championship.


And the thing to remember about these players is if what we want is players who are hyper competitive and actually wanna win at all costs, that's exactly why they were losing so badly because they wanted to win the overall championship at all costs. And the badminton Federation had a set of rules that all but guarantee that this would happen. Well, Yeah, I mean, it's stupid to have an event where people are trying to lose, if that event is a sporting event, especially at the apex of, you know, the only time people care about bad men, it seems really dumb. So this is Chuck Klosterman. We called him in because he writes a lot about sports and also because he wrote the ethicist column for the New York Times Magazine.


Now is this a a, some kind of tragedy? Well, it's not, I guess unless badminton is really important to you, then it probably is. Well, in This ca in this case, I think the thing that people got really upset about is this, is this idea of the Olympic ideal In, the name Of all the competitors, I promise that we shall take part In the Olympic Games, The athlete's Oath, In the true spirit of sportsmanship for the glory of the sport and the honor of our teams To transcend the In, the way that as an superb athlete, you're transcending your humanity, but then also as like this representative of your country and to, I I think it did poke a lot of people. Like a lot of people did seemingly get kind of upset about it.


Well, Yeah, I mean, for some reason it is disturbing to see athletes failing on purpose. Hmm. That just, it, it, it, it seems to kind of like tap into some, ID like a, it feels Immoral somehow tonight Has left me with a very nasty taste Of it. Yes. Like, like, like I don't know if not trying in a sporting event is a moral question, but it feels that way when you see it happen. That is Unforgivable Here again, one of the interesting thing about sports is that we watch these adults playing multimillion dollar games, but they're the same games that like a 6-year-old or 7-year-old plays. So when you have a 7-year-old kid, you would say it doesn't matter if you win or lose, it doesn't matter what happens, just play hard.


You don't have to succeed. It's the trying that matters. So when you see people at the highest level not trying, there's, it, it's almost, it sort of wrecks the entire idea of why we play sports at all. You know, why if you're at a playground and two kids race across the playground to see who can get to the swing faster or whatever, like that's like a biological thing. Maybe we are biologically driven to compete. So that's the baseline expectation of what we have of these badminton players that they will try to compete. You Know? But it seems to me there's an opportunity here for true athleticism in a kind of topsy-turvy way. Flip it and reverse it, flip it and reverse it and see if you can do that as well as you do the other one. I mean, sports only work one way though.


They don't work both ways. I mean, it, it would, it would be be like going to your wife and saying like, okay, you say you really love me. Prove it by hating me in a creative way. Or to go to a great piano player and say like, if you Are so awesome at playing piano, bang your fist against the keys in a way that I will be, you know, I will be sickened by it. But wait, but, But if we take it out of the, out of matters of the heart and put it back on the field, what would be the most radical solution that you could imagine if your desire was to convincingly and astonishingly athletically lose? Yeah, what I suppose if they were both trying to Do it, In the most convincing way it would be, that was not really the case here.


Well, I guess they, they never confronted it. How do you lose on purpose if the other side's also trying to lose on purpose? And I'm trying to think. There are some sports. So in football, yeah, let's say in American football, let's say both sides wanted to lose. Well, here's how the sport would go. You can't make the other team score, but you can score a safety on yourself so the quarterback would get the ball and start running towards his own end zone. And then there'd be a jail break by the defense to tackle the quarterback before he got running. Take Him. Baseball is hard. You could hit the batter. That would be, that would be an interesting game. Yeah. What, what about darts? Instead of aiming at the dartboard, just turning around and aiming at your opponent for Yourself. That's also, that's like the, that's like the baseball Strategy a little bit.


How would sport a bodybuilding think about the implications of body build? I would've Win that. Who would be the worst? I would Win that. Would you? I think I would win that. I'd see like a Will Ferrell movie out this. That's what I've been thinking. Those lose Loser. We get to a point, our team All, right? This is what we need. You gotta go out there and no. And then there's A loser on the other team who was, who was also very good. Yeah, The two And I to shut down Losers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Then, and then You can hear more of Mike Ska on his podcast, the gist more of Chuck Klosterman in his latest book. But what if we are Wrong? Big thanks to all the players who talked to us and to those who helped us get those interviews.


Joy Le, Li Mik, Kim Yuni Kartika, Thanks to a Parn and Charla who came in and helped us puzzle this whole match out. And in addition, a special thanks to Gracie Polly Gracia was on the Indonesian badminton team in those same Olympics. And an hour after the match we featured, she faced off against a different Korean team. All four players in that match were also disqualified for not using their best efforts to win. She really helped us understand what it was like to be in that situation. This story was produced by Matt Kilty and Annie McEwen and Latif Nasser. I am Robert Krulwich And.


I'm m Latif Nasser. And I guess that ends the game at this point. Hi, I'm Anne and I'm from Al in Ireland. And here at the staff credits Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edit by Sorin Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Rin Keef is our Director of Sound design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Una, David Gable, Maria Paz Gutierrez, Cindy Naan, Matt Ty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Car, Valentina Powers, Sarah Samba, Anne Wack, pat Walters and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Dan Kelly, Emily Krieger, Natalie Middleton. Here's an idea I have. There's an old riddle then it goes like this. A king talks to his two sons, two princes, and he says, here's what we're gonna do. Get those horses outta the stable. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to jump on your horses and ride to the city gate. Whichever horse gets to the city gate last, you Are gonna inherit the fortune. Maybe it's a crazy king. So the two princes look at each other. They both think and then they jump on their horses and they ride fast as they can. Why I Don To to reign in their horses at the very last minute. Jump off the horses and say, whoa.


And then wait until the other one. I don't know. Are they, are they planning on just, just, just removing a section of the gate and then just smashing it up against the other horse? Yeah. No, that's terrible. No. Okay. you like the answer? What is the answer? They jumped on each other's horse. Ah. They jumped on the other brother's horse. Maybe. Let me just think about that. That was funny. That was great. Jumped on the other's horse. Of course. She said Whichever horse gets their last. So, Hi, this is Tamara from Pasadena, California. Leadership support for Radiolab Science programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Science Sandbox as Simons Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation.


Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P. Sloan. Foundation


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs. Since then, New York public radio's rigorous journalism has gone on to win a Peabody Award and a DuPont Columbia Award among others. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.