
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available In all states.


Hey, Lulu here. So, A few months back, our illustrator, Jared Bartman, got a difficult prompt. We asked him to design a cute tote bag based on our incredibly morbid episode, cheating death. And Jared was stumped. How do you create something plucky and cheerful and design forward about the inevitability of dying? So he brooded and he doodled, and then one day it hit him. It is easily my favorite design ever. And because it's sort of this secret code about death, it's kinda like carrying Caria around on your shoulder, and you can get that tote bag right now. If you become a member of the lab, you knew it was coming.


The lab is the way we have designed to support the show. It's super easy. Just a couple clicks. You send a few bucks our way a month in exchange for it, you know, public radio currency, tote bags, and other perks. Whether you support us or not, we are so grateful for you. But if you've ever been on the fence, I would say that now is a really good time, because not only does the tote bag have a very cool surrealist design, it also has a zipper. So go take a peek at Radiolab dot org slash join. That's Radiolab dot org slash join. And that's all. Thank you on with the show. Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right.


Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. See? Yeah. Hey, This is Radiolab. I am Latif. Nassar. So a couple of weeks ago, we put up a brand new episode called Growth. We talked about pumpkins and a finger and some slugs, and every single person on our planet. But there was one growthy, you know, currently growing thing we did not talk about, which is the economy. Now, what got me thinking about economic growth was not all the stuff that's in the news, the tariffs, the fear of the recession, all that stuff that everybody's talking about.


What started, it was a lecture I heard a little while back by, of all people, an astrophysicist. So I'm going to sketch what we know about Earth's history, cosmically speaking, Her name is Sandra Faber. She goes by Sandy Miracles, brilliant scientist. She co-authored the standard model for thinking about how galaxies form. She won a national Medal of science back in 2011, and she started the lecture by saying, we have a pretty happy little planet to live on. Earth Is a good place to live for let's say a order a hundred million years at least, should Be livable for a really, really long time.


Okay, Except, so now She goes on to say Lessons for us. Over the last century or so, we've been seeing planet wide GDP growing exponentially now. So what she did is she took the average gross domestic product worldwide. And that's a rough measure of economic growth. And that had been growing recently around 3%, which for economists is like a happy little growth number. You Will recognize 1.033% as the the Holy Spirit. But Sandra took that 3%, and with some quick math, she started to just play it out year after year. And in her lecture, she's showing this chart where you can see this curve just shooting Up.


We can see this number is completely ridiculous. This Is, and she was basically like, look at all that growth that's eating up Earth's resources. A large number here is bad because means that we want more of that product. And so even though Earth should be good for a hundred million years, we're gonna just eat the planet up. We're gonna devour the physical material level of this planet. We're gonna eat it up in more like a couple thousand years. And My concern is that we're not talking about this.


And when I heard that That Was, That was, That was breathtaking and horrifying. And honestly, like, I haven't been able to stop thinking about that number 3% sounds like a specific thing, but also it's, it's kind of abstract and mathy. And I wanted help, I wanted help to parse this out. Like, how bad is that really? How bad could that possibly be? And so I turned to someone whose job it is to literally make sense of this exact kind of thing. Hello? Hi. How you doing? Hi. I'm doing well. How are you? And we had what I felt like was a kind of a rollercoaster of a conversation, so I'm just gonna play it for you right now.


Yeah. Okay. So I am Jeff Go. I'm one of the hosts of the Planet Money Podcast at NPR. Terrific show. Thank you. And I, I guess, what do I do? I talk about economics all day. That's, oh my God, I guess that what I do, I'm, I need you, I need you to help me. It's more than scratch an itch. I need you to help me cure This existential dread that you have now. That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, I guess where I would start is, and you know, I would hate to contradict a Nobel Prize winning astrophysicist. Yeah. It sounds like, you know, starting out on dangerous territory there, I mean, what, she won the National Medal of Science, not the Nobel, but she's, She's gonna, she's gonna, it sounds like she's gonna win.


Okay. Yeah, Sure. Fair, Fair. But you did ask me to kind of look into what things are we gonna run out of? Yes, yes, yes. Oh my gosh. I'm so excited. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so I did, so I looked at a bunch of things that people are kind of worried about, did great. And I just did some very rough back of the envelope math. Like, this is excellent. So totally not precise. My favorite kind of math, my Favorite kind of math. It's so man, wavy, but Great. I love it. Okay. So I don't know what, what should we start with? Copper? Yeah, that's a big one. Copper's. Copper's a big deal, right? Very big deal. So if you look at copper consumption over the past century since the Industrial revolution, okay.


You know, our demand for copper has grown about 3% every year. Okay. Like, you know, in recent years, it's, we've consumed about 26, 20 7 million tons a year of copper. Yeah. Yeah. So if you just, you know, extrapolate that out, if you just assume copper's gonna keep growing at 3% every single year. Right. Fair, Fair assumption. I looked up how much copper people think we have, according to geologists, what we know is out there and could theoretically get to. And that number right now is five to 6 billion tons. Okay. It's not nothing, but we're using it pretty quickly. And if you just assume that, that this number is gonna keep growing at 3% a year. Yeah, Yeah, sure.


It Would take about maybe another 70 years and then no more copper. That's it. 70 years. That's 70 years. 70 years. Oh, That, okay. So that sounds terrible. It's True. It's true. That's assuming, of course, that, you know, we do keep consuming copper that quickly, using Copper and needing copper the same way that we are. Yeah, yeah. Sure. T minus 70. Yeah. No copper. No. For anybody. No copper. Okay. Okay. So then what? But then, so that's, this seems to point exactly to Sandy Faber's point, right? It's True. It's true. It's true. Yeah. Do you wanna do another one? Oh, that's the end of it. I thought you were gonna be like, but there's a giant, there's a copper thing that we're gonna No, there's no, but that's it.


It's just like, yeah, she's right about copper. Okay. But there's a, but there is a, but coming up, there's a, but Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You wanna go through more of them before we get hit the butt? Is that the idea? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Next one. Okay, next one. Okay. So another one I looked into is sand. Okay. Yeah. Sand. Which seems like there should be a ton of that. Seems like there should be so much of it. Yeah. And you know, the reason why we need sand, right? And why Do we need sand for Concrete? Ah. So it's actually so important that we don't know how much we're using. Oh my God. Okay. Like, we're using so much, we just, we actually don't know, but like, ballpark estimates, we're using maybe 50 billion tons of sand and gravel every year.


Okay. That sounds like a lot. I don't even know. I can't even visualize that. I don't, it's a lot. Right. And I couldn't even find how much sand and gravel there is in the world. Like nobody actually knows. Okay. This is one of those numbers where it's like, but we're doing like back of the envelope math here. Right, right, right. So, so I was like, well, if we don't know how much sand and gravel there is in the world, surely we know how much rock there is in the world. Right? Totally. Totally. Totally. So, I, I looked it up. And according to geologists, the earth's crust, all of the earth's crust Okay. Contains maybe like 23 quintillion tons of rock and stuff.


Okay. Okay. But it, But it does seem like, like the, the, the whole point of sand is that it's, it's like teeny tiny, it's this, like, it it would, it would take a lot of energy to turn that rock into sand. It would, It would. Right. But assuming that we're able to do that. Right. Okay. Okay, great. And assuming, assuming that we're gonna use sand, that, that we're gonna use sand and gravel at a rate that grows by 3% every year. Yeah. Year after year after year. Yeah. It would Take about, do you wanna guess how long it would take to deplete the entire Earth's crust? Wait, so a quintillion based on the growth rate and the uses now? Yes. Yes. I would imagine this, this one is gonna be, this one is not on Sandra Faber's side. I'm gathering, gonna guess this one is like way, way, way far from now.


Like, like, this is gonna be like a, a million years or something. Five to 600 years. That seems so short again. It does, doesn't it? That is way shorter for the whole crust. I know. Oh my God. That's not like, it's long, but it's not that long. No, like, that's like, that is nuts. All right. I got a couple more. Just, just Making me more and more existentially worried. Okay. But, but keep going. That's How I felt. That's how I felt when I, when I started on this journey. Right. Okay. I got, I got a couple more. Okay, great. Love it. And I gotta pull up my spreadsheet. I'm gonna talk about lithium. Okay, Great. Good one. Good one. And lithium, you imagine there are like those giant deserts filled with those like sand flats or whatever, right?


Yeah. And Bolivia. And Bolivia, Argentina. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So this one will be, again, like, I think this one, I feel like there's gonna be a curve ball in here where you're like, no, no, no, we have enough, not enough for, you know, for, for millions of years. Anyway. Okay. Keep going. Okay. Hang on. Let me see. Let me pull up my, if my notes go on this, I can't wait when we have to fact check all of this. Okay. Lithium. So we are using about 190, 200,000 tons of lithium every year. Right. That's kind of, okay. So, and that's like in, that's in phones, the electric cars, da, da, da.


Yeah. Batteries. Batteries is a big one for lithium. Yeah. Very important. Yeah. Lithium consumption, of course has been exploding. So over the past decade, lithium has been growing. Do you wanna guess how much it's been growing? What, like, like 5% or 10%, or On average around 20%. Okay. Wow. Okay. Wow. So we need a lot and we need a lot more lithium. Right. Which Is good. Which is good. Which means like, more electric cars, more dah, dah, da dah. Right. More recyclable batteries and stuff. That's great. Yeah. So geologists think that of all the lithium that we know is out there, there's probably like 105 million tons of it, like Out there that sounds a lot less than the sand. You're like, this doesn't sound, this is gonna get worrying.


Okay. Keep going. Right. And so, you know, if you do this whole, you know, the same math, and you just, if you assume, if you just assume just, you know, for the sake of argument, it's only gonna grow at 3% a year, right? Yeah, Sure. We'd probably run out of lithium around About March. I feel like you're gonna say like, I feel like you're gonna say like, so soon. Okay. But tomorrow, keep going Tomorrow. About about a hundred years. Okay. A hundred years. Again, it's not bad. No, it's, it's bad. It's bad, Jeff. It's bad. We, we need that. Like, we're gonna need that later for even better stuff. It's true. Okay. Keep going. I'll, I'll do one more. I'll do one more, which is, and this is a big one, oil.


Mm. Really scary one. Yeah. But hopefully we're weaning off of this one. So maybe this one is a different, hopefully, like it's going in the opposite direction. Hopefully. Doesn't seem like it's really happening yet. Oh, Gosh. But, but I Don't think you have had a single piece of good news here. Just wait For it. Okay. All right. So if you look at oil, right? How much do we consume every year? About 37 billion barrels of oil. All right. As a world, how much is left? Probably 1.6 trillion barrels. Really? Yeah. So it's not That's a lot. It's a lot. But it's maybe less, it's less than I thought. So another way to say 1.6 trillion is 1600 billion.


Right? Right. So 37 billion a year. We have about 1600 billion barrels left Out there. Yeah. That, when you say it like that, it sounds quite, quite, quite alarming. Yeah. Not Great. So, you know, if you do the math again, exponential growth, very scary. Well, we do wanna use less of it anyway, right? Yeah. I, I I'm ambivalent about this one. I'm trying to Yeah, yeah. Okay. About 28 years. No way. Yes. That is nothing. 2052 might be the day we run out of oil. Wow. Maybe, maybe. I was worried about when Sandra Faber said we had thousands of years, and you're like, you, you are, you are taking me even an order of magnitude less if that Yeah.


It's like Maybe decades. Yeah. So I started to get, you know, a little nervous. And so I thought, well, like what happened in the past, you know, like when we were ex over exploiting some resource and it looked like it was gonna run out, out. And when I looked into it, there's this funny thing that happens. Mm. And, and so just for example, lemme tell you a story, Please. It's about medieval England. Okay. So it's the 14 hundreds. Okay. It's like medieval England. It's the 14 hundreds. And this amazing new technology has just arrived on the shores of Yoi England.


And it is this new way of making iron. Okay. It's called the Blast furnace. Just so, just like very briefly, like before the Blast furnace, you kind of had these backyard ovens basically, where you kind of baked the iron ore to make the iron. And they were like super inefficient and really slow and not great. Okay. But this blast furnace, the scientific innovation was that if you blew air onto the fire, you could get it really hot, and then you could get so hot that you could just melt the iron. And it was amazing. Got it. And this like revolutionized iron making. So these blast furnaces, they're these huge 20 foot tall stone towers.


You would have these giant bellows at the bottom blowing in air. I was Just imagining the bellows. I was just imagining the bellows. Yes. Okay, cool. Okay. So that's the key innovation here. Yes. And, and medieval England iron was so precious, so important. You needed it for plows and spades, horseshoe pots, kettles, nails, hammers, yeah. Whatever. And so now you had this technology that you could make these blast furnaces. They could make a ton of iron a day. A ton. A literal ton. A Literal ton, which is like, just unprecedented. Yeah. The problem with all of this is what was the fuel that went into this blast furnace? And at the time it was charcoal, Which is, which is charcoal is made outta wood.


Is that right? No. Yes, yes, Yes. So, so this was not good. So you're, so they're like slurping down forests, basically. Yes. Yes. Just picture the English countryside. Right? You've got these blast furnaces ending up these huge plumes of smoke, and then everyone's just chopping down trees as fast as they can to feed these giant blast furnaces. It's, it's, yeah. And it makes people really concerned. Yeah. Like really concerned. They're like, oh my God, where are the trees going? But it got so bad that by the late 15 hundreds, you have parliament banning new iron mills from starting up in different places. They're like, we cannot do this. We just cannot deal with this Because we, we have one tree left and everyone we can, We gotta save the, we gotta save the trees, Right?


The tree. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You even have Queen Elizabeth the first, not the second. The first. Okay. All right. You have Queen Elizabeth, the first, she is issuing royal edicts saying, no more charcoal making in my royal forests. Wow. Like, we just can't, we can't do this anymore. But then something happened. Okay? So in 1709, this English guy named Abraham Darby, he figured out how to use a different kind of fuel. Okay. So not charcoal. So maybe you want to guess what he figured out? Oil probably right? Coal. He figured out coal. Coal, yes. All right. He figured out you can use this sort of modified coal to run these blast furnaces.


And this changed everything. I'm not exaggerating. The iron industry took off. This led to the industrial revolution. We avoided the problem. We avoided the shortage. And it's not an isolated example. Hmm. This is a pattern that comes up. We, we did this with whales when we stopped using whale oil for lamps and started using kerosene, we did this with rubber. We started making synthetic rubber instead of getting all our rubber from trees. It's happened over and over again where we have stood at the edge of the cliff where it looked like, oh crap, if we keep doing what we're doing, we are gonna run out of some precious resource.


Right. And Then somehow at the last minute, catastrophe is averted. I mean, I, I, this has happened so often. I feel like we should give it a name. I know. I was gonna say, do economists have some kind of like wonky name for this? Not that I could find. So I'm going to take the, the, the opportunity, I love it to give this a name. Jeff, it is Yours. Your surname. Okay. Please. Okay. I, I, I think we should call this the Malthusian Swerve Swerve. Malthusian Swerve. Okay. Why? And why that? Because Re remember, do you remember Thomas Malis? Yeah. And I, if I remember, he, his whole thing was like, know you tell me what his whole thing was like.


Yeah. So he was this famous English philosopher type. He lived, you know, in the, he grew up in the 17 hundreds, pretty much around the time at that coal was taken over England. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So he was seeing a lot of this happen, and he's famous for predicting that humanity's growth would hit a limit that, you know, populations would grow faster than we could provide food for them. Right. And so the future of humanity was to be limited and trapped by our own lack of resources, and that everybody would just be miserable and sad and poor and hungry forever. He, he does not sound like he would've been fun at parties. Yeah.


Yeah. He's a real bummer. But maybe what he's more famous for is that none of that happened. The reason that malice prophecy didn't come true Yeah. Is due to what I would say is the most important Malthusian Swerve of all time. Okay. And this one is fertilizer, Right? Right. Is like the green revolution or whatever, right? Is that right? The Fertilizer revolution? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if you want to hear the guano story, Please. I love the guano story. We quickly, we can do, we can do It quick. I know the guano story, but I love the Guano story, and I want to hear you tell Theano Story. Okay. So's together then. Yeah. So like's the most.


So like, so this is like the 1800, a little bit after math this's time in the 18 hundreds, Europeans are starting to realize you can really supercharge food production if you use better fertilizer. Yeah. Right. And specifically, there's this one fertilizer that indigenous people in South America were using That Was amazing. Guano guano, which is basically just bird poop. Yeah. Right. Okay. So, so basically you would have all these sea birds, and they would poop on these rocky islands and coast lines along South America, and the poop would just accumulate. So, so, so the Europeans, so like in the 18 hundreds, the Europeans are importing hundreds and thousands of tons.


They're literally fighting wars over control of these guano islands. Like Spain is getting into wars with Peru and Chile. Yeah. Like, just, just to who, who gets to seize the poop islands. Right. And, but the problem is we were using guano way faster than the birds could, you know, make the guano. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then In the 19 hundreds, in the early 19 hundreds, some German chemists figured out a way to Right. Basically make synthetic guano. They invented an industrial process to literally pull nitrate nitrogen. Yeah. That's like the key ingredient in guano, right, Right, right. To Pull it outta the air and make synthetic fertilizer. And that is, that is on the order of a, like alchemy discovery.


Yes. Yes. Like that is like this thing that, that is super abundant in the air all around us. It is literally the majority of the air, but it was unusable. And then we, there was a hack where we then figured out how to make it usable. That that seems like, yeah. Yeah. That's like a miraculous technological breakthrough. Yeah. It's a miraculous story. And it is like, maybe one of the best examples of this thing that I'm gonna call the mouth fusion swerve. Swerve. I like it. Right. I like it. And the swerve, so the swerve is like, it's like, like when you say swerve, I'm picturing like, it's like a car about to collide into a cliff, and then right at the last second, woo, swerves outta the way.


Yeah. And, and mouth. This is driving the car thinking that of course we're gonna hit the cliff. And then some really, it's like the passenger who then just like, just like kicks the wheels, the steering wheel. Yes. Yeah. It's like, nope, not gonna happen. Yeah. Right at the last second, we figured it out. Yeah. And if you look at human history, this is a pattern that happens over and over again. I find this somewhat of a relief. Yeah. It's sort of encouraging, but it also seems like, like there's so much drama here.


And, and there might be a time where we can't swerve in time. Like, what, what happens if and when we can't swerve in time? And also, I would argue sometimes the swerves, sometimes we swerve right into another cliff. Yeah. So for example, this, the, the, the example you, you talked about from charcoal to coal, which is great for the trees, except after a while it's also bad for the trees. Right? Like, it's like global rising temperatures lead to wildfires, lead to trees, not able to grow where they once were able to grow. It's true. Like, it's like we're s it's True, but we've bought ourselves more time.


Fair, Right? We've bought ourselves more time, but Then we just always use that time to step on the gas to the next thing, right? And then maybe when we do swerve, then we swerve into something worse. Something that causes, you know, war exploitation or, or, or just messes up the planet in a way that you, that is un swerve backable from. I mean, yes, that is all totally right. It is a mess. But, but, you know, to help us unpack it, I think we should talk about a swerve that we are in the middle of right now. Actually, first we're gonna swerve to break, but only for a minute.


Then we'll swerve back and step on the gas directly towards a currently oncoming cliff.


And now a word from our sponsors at Betterment. When investing your money starts to feel like a second job, betterment steps in with a little work life balance. They're an automated investing and savings app, which means they do the work while they build and manage your portfolio. You build and manage your weekend plans while they make it easy to invest for what matters. You just get to enjoy what matters. Their automated tools simplify the complex and put your money to work optimizing day after day and again and again. So, go ahead, take your time to rest and recharge, because while your money doesn't need a work-life balance, you do make your money hustle with Betterment. Get started@betterment.com. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-M-E-N t.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guarantee.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary Not available In all states.


This is IR Alado, host of Science Friday. For over 30 years, the Science Friday team has been reporting high quality science and technology news, making science fun for curious people by covering everything from the outer reaches of space to the rapidly changing world of ai to the tiniest microbes in our bodies. Audiences trust our show because they know we are driven by a mission to inform and serve listeners first and foremost with important news they won't get anywhere else. And our sponsors benefit from that halo effect. For more information on becoming a sponsor, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.


Radiolab Latif back with Jeff Glow from Planet Money telling us about a thing he has noticed called the Malthusian Swerve, where we're about to run out of some resource, but at the last minute, some new resource or idea or innovation comes along and saves the day. And just before the break, Jeff had been telling us about how he'd been looking for examples of the swerve back in the past. And I was like, okay, but is there a more recent example? Is there like an example of a Malthusian Swerve that, that happened, you know, in the past couple years, and there is one oil. Oh, We're in the middle of the Malthusian oil swerve. We Are, yes. Right. Remember, do you remember like in the eighties and nineties, all of the talk about peak Oil?


Yeah. Do you remember? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. And, and even before that, like I think in the seventies and stuff. Yeah. Like, it's like we keep, we keep having this conversation over and over again. Peak oil Yes. About peak Oil. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you have, you have people, you have geologists, distinguished geologists saying, warning us that, you know, we're gonna run out of oil, that we're gonna reach peak oil very soon and that oil's gonna Diminish. Well, you just told you, you just said it in 52 years or whatever. Like, you just said it the same thing. Yeah, yeah. Well, back in the 1990s, they were saying it's gonna happen in the two thousands. They were saying, oh crap. Like, we're gonna start running out in the year, like 2000 something. Yeah. And if you look at oil production, like Yeah, it does, especially in the us Yeah.


It does kind of start to slow down in the two thousands. Mm People, a lot of people were wondering about, what are we gonna do? How are we gonna adapt? How are we gonna move away from oil? And if you look at the chart, you'll see the oil production, it goes, kinda starts to dip in the two thousands, and then it starts to rise again more and more and more. There's, there's a swerve and That was caused by the fracking revolution. But is That a swerve? Like, I mean, if we're now we just found another way to get more fossil fuels. Like, is that even really a, that feels like a, we swerved and swerved right back in the same direction. I, I, I, that is one way to think about it. The way I think about it is like, it's a mini swerve, you know, like, oh crap, we're running into the cliff.


We can't find any alternatives. But we did find a way to get a little bit more oil out of the ground in the meantime. But, but, But in a way, running out of oil isn't even necessarily the problem here. The, the problem is the thing it's doing for everything else. It's, It's true. The problem with fossil fuels, it's not that we're gonna run out of them. We have too much of them. It's too easy to go and find oil on the ground. It's too easy. We have a problem. That's not, it's not a scarcity problem. It's an antis scarcity problem. Right. And then we burn them and then there's these horrible side effects for the environment. And then the world's getting hotter and wildfires are popping up. Like that's The problem. It's a much harder sell though. It's a much harder sell to tell people, we have too much of this thing that's gonna hurt you, as opposed to we have not enough of this thing to take care of it.


Yes. That is the key thing here. I think. Like you look at how these malthusian swerves, if we're gonna call it that, how they happened. I love it. I love it. Keep doing it. How did, how did they happen? Right. And it was people who were motivated by the terror of, we're gonna crash into this giant problem Right. In so many years. And we need to figure out that Necessity is the mother of invention kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Desperation is the inventor's best friend. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And you, you look at how an economy works. And I'm not saying this is the, the ideal way to operate, but an economy works through incentives. It's One of those things where the more you use, the less you have, the less you have, the higher the price, the higher the price.


Then all of a sudden new pockets of that resource that would've been too expensive before to get now become unlocked. Yeah, Exactly. Or also we might try to innovate, right? Like now there's an incentive to invent something newer, cheaper, better than what we had before. Like I would bring up the example of like lithium right now, there's so much money and if you can invent a battery that doesn't need lithium, you will like, I don't know, win the Nobel Prize. Right. Like, you will, like there is a lot of energy and motivation to solve that problem. Yeah. And if we were all just gonna be like, well, we just, we don't need that much lithium 'cause we're just gonna conserve it and recycle it and we're not gonna grow, then what's the point of trying to make anything more efficient or better?


There's no incentive. Yeah. But it Just, it feels like a, like a trap. Like, and, and then especially capitalist kind of a trap where the only thing that will inspire us to innovate or to swerve, to use your word, is the immediate danger of the cliff. Like, like, like, like, I mean we're, we're talking about resources and economics, GDP and blah, blah, blah. But really this is all like a head game. It's like all like people, it's minds work in this very specific way and long-term thinking is so hard for us. And Yeah. And it's like we've got this system that leans into a thing that is already a problem with us and the way we think. It's like, we're just gonna use it as long as it's there. And when it's starts to almost not be there, we'll figure out something else.


Yeah. Right. How do we get people to actually do the thing that is in the long-term interests of everybody? Mm. Do you like, is the solution to have like some intergalactic Queen Elizabeth come down and say, no, no, no, no guys, you're using way too much oil. You gotta stop, you gotta stop, you gotta put a pause on it. Right? Is it that, or is it sort of, we're all left to our own devices and some combination of the free market and also government leaders worrying about this thing hash out some kind of Yeah. You know, compromise. That's kind of what we're stuck in right now. But Like, we're also smart enough to like, can't we figure out a system where we don't have to just drive into the cliff and swerve at the last minute every time? You know? Yeah. Yeah. If this was your car.


Yeah. And there was, I mean, this is such a weird analogy. There's only one car and you, whoever is in the driver's seat, really, it's all of us, but whoever's in the driver's seat keeps driving pedal to the metal accelerating faster and faster Yeah. At cliffs. Yes. Like you would take their keys away, you'd be like, sorry, this you are not fit to drive. It's scary. Yeah. I, I, I don't know what, why do we keep doing that then? Like, do you think growth is inevitable? Do you think growth is good? What do you, after all of this, what is your take on growth in particular? I think that growth is, maybe we should talk about what growth even is.


Like, there are always gonna be parts of the economy that we point at and we're gonna say, that's bad growth. We don't want that. But growth is not just us burning a lot of fossil fuels and polluting the planet, right. Growth can be good. Like growth could be starting a new business, mentoring kids, inventing a new kind of medicine that saves lives that is also growth. And, and so for me, I guess it's hard for me to say that growth is bad. And, and maybe it's because I've just been too economics pilled, but when people say the word growth to me, I think of a country like China. You know, China's economy grew so fast that it lifted 800 million people out of poverty.


Incredible. Right? It's like hard to say that I Im impossible seeming. Yeah. It's hard to Say. That's Bad. That's funny. That was probably the population of the entire earth in Malcolm, Right? Yeah. And that's amazing. And so I, I think it's about figuring out specific things that we can do to be smarter about it, to, to, to, to, to make it less harmful. But I don't Know. Yeah. I I, I agree with that. Like we, we all have needs. Yeah. And there are increasingly more of us. But I do think that taking, like, and I, I still am sort of struck by the sandy Faber's, like stone cold, like zoom out. There's nothing that's wrong about that logic either. She just has a seemingly a different priority than most economists, which is like she, she's thinking in a, in a, at a, at a different scale.


Yeah. We have been given the gift of cosmic time, we have hundreds of millions of years, if not another billion years, but we have not solved the problem of combining human nature with living in abundance. So I should tell you, we actually ended up talking to Sandy Faber. My cosmic point of view at this moment is to try to figure out how people will live the best possible life on earth after cheap energy has passed away and Telling her about your Malthusian Swerve idea, Where is the next swerve? That's, that's the thing, that's the thing specifically with regard to energy. And it sounds like, And the thing that she was most concerned about was that energy is just so wrapped up in all these different parts of our lives.


Basically everything we do, and it has these huge effects on the environment. She says, we're, we're actually dealing with a bunch of different cliffs and a bunch of different kinds of cliffs all at the same time. Some people call it the poly crisis and some people call it the metris. Basically we're facing a crisis of crisis. A crisis of crisis, yeah. So every time we think of one of these possible swerves, I'm not saying we shouldn't pursue them, but they leave a large fraction, everyone leaves a gigantic fraction of the problem unsolved. So I, I would say a huge issue for a long term happy human history in the future is having a more mature picture of wealth, how it should be managed, and how growth should be managed.


Hmm. I, I think Sandy and I we're totally in agreement about what we want for the world, for the future. Yeah. It's just about how we get there. And so can I give you, can I give you my, my, my silly galaxy brain way of thinking about all of this? Yeah, please, Please. So you're talking about like, why can't we, this is, you know, the earth is our home, so why can't we all, you know, get together and take care of it Yeah. And cooperate in all of that. Right. And if you're just a household of like a couple people, you have a relationship. If you're just a village, you like know everybody, you, you know, you can help each other out, give each other things, all of that.


But when, when you get bigger and bigger, when you get to the scale of countries and like the world, right, it's very hard to get people to cooperate. Hmm. It's very, very hard. Everybody has different opinions. No one's gonna agree. Everybody's gonna have different motives. And what an economy is, is a way of turning all of that, of organizing us at a global scale into something productive. And obviously, you know, the economy is not perfect. There are all kinds of problems we didn't even have the time to, to talk about today. But when it comes to dealing with issues of scarcity, like running out of some resource markets are a tool that, you know, historically have kind of worked, even if it's been super messy and dramatic and swervy and may have created way bigger problems down the road.


I, I'm not saying that the economy is the answer, right. But it does give me a little bit of hope that the economy finds a way most of the time hopefully. Yeah. I, I don't know, I don't know. I like is, are we talking about a swerve away from resources or should we really be talking about a swerve away from a certain kind of thinking or a certain kind of economy or, or, or just thinking about growth in general. Like, like it's true, you're right that an economy is a way to organize a globe, but like, but maybe we need to be acting more like a household 'cause 'cause we only have this one house.


If you can figure out a way to do that, they will give you a Nobel Prize like on the spot, I guarantee. Okay. Well thank you Jeff. I don't know if you exactly chased away my existential dread, but, but I appreciate you sort of holding my hand through it. It's all we have in the end each other. That's right. Thank you so much. Thanks A lot. Iv. This has been a lot of fun. That was Jeff go, host and reporter over at NPRs Planet Money podcast. Thank you to them for loading us, Jeff, for how game he was, his research, his charm and his back of the envelope math.


Really appreciate all of that. In fact, we produced this story in collaboration, not just with Jeff, but also the editorial team over there at Planet Money, including Alex Goldmark and Jess Jang. And so they are actually playing the same conversation on their feed too, which is very exciting for us. If you don't already know what Planet Money is, a, I mean it's money. It says it in the title. There's so many smart people, it's full of surprises and adventure. Go check it out on Apple or Spotify or NPR or wherever you get your podcast. Obviously you don't need to re-listen to this conversation over there, but they did just do a great episode that is a deep dive into GDP. They did another one about synthetic diamonds, which are not a critical earth resource, but there is kind of a swerve happening there.


Anyway, on our side, this episode was produced and edited by Pat Walters and Soren Wheeler FactCheck by Natalie Middleton. Special thanks to Jennifer Brandell and of course, thank you. Massive thank you to Sandy Faber, her math, her thoughtfulness, her cosmic perspective, which of course prompted this conversation. And here's hoping that it prompts a lot more conversation, maybe even action as we all move into the next a hundred million years of life, hopefully on this planet. I'm Latif Nasser, thank you for listening. Hi Keegan. And I'm from Longmont, Colorado. And here are the staff credits.


Radiolab was created by Jad Abara and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keith is our director of Sound Design staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bressler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz, Gutierrez Sindu, Yan Sunda, Matt Kilt, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarkar, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Beat, Arianne, wack Pat Walters and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Greeter, and Natalie Middleton. Leadership support for Radiolab Science programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, science Sandbox Assign Foundation Initiative.


And the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation.


This is Ira Plato, host of Science Friday. For over 30 years, the Science Friday team has been reporting high quality science and technology news, making science fun for curious people by covering everything from the outer reaches of space to the rapidly changing world of AI to the tiniest microbes in our bodies. Audiences trust our show because they know we are driven by a mission to inform and serve listeners first and foremost with important news they won't get anywhere else. And our sponsors benefit from that halo effect. For more information on becoming a sponsor, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.