(1s):
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Not available In all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.

(27s):
Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening, Listening to Radiolab lab. Radiolab from WNYC. Hey, I'm Latif Nasser. This is Radiolab, day four of our week of sharks. Hello. Hello. And we're starting today with our shark guide in residence, Rachel Cusick. And this lady, I am Alison Co. I'm a marine virologist In South Africa at a car wash. Oh My gosh. Yes. Today Alison works for South Africa's National Parks, but back in the nineties, young without a lot of money, I Was a student at the University of Cape Town working at that car wash that you mentioned.

(1m 15s):
It was a small little spot, not one of those drive through car washes with those like flying sponges. It Was all by, yeah. By hand. And my role was to check the cars for valuables and move the cars from the wash basin through to the dry basin. I used to also love just being around water, so That was a another draw card for the car wash. Wow. You're like, I'll even drink the soapy water of a car wash, even if it's not the ocean. Nice To water. And One day, you know, Allison's doing her thing, wash, rinse, repeat. When one car, it kind of changed her life. This car, she, where Is this going? How did a car, a car wash, change someone's life? Okay, keep going.

(1m 54s):
Well, so, so, so she gets, she like kind of let checks for the, the front, front valuables. Nothing there. Nothing in the backseat. But she then goes to the trunk, Dead body in the trunk. Dead Body in the trunk, exactly. Okay. As she opens up this trunk and inside the trunk are these photographs, It just blew me away There in full color. Is this, is this image of a shark, This incredibly big, massive great white shark Soaring above the waves below, Completely out of the water, flying fully in the air, like an airplane. It was Unlike anything she'd ever seen. Absolutely. But I was quite skeptical. Hmm.

(2m 34s):
Like you thought they were photoshopped or something? Well, at the time, Photoshop wasn't. I just, I thought they were fake. You know, I just, I, I couldn't believe that I'd spent three years at university studying marine biology. And not one time did anybody mention flying great white Sharks. And so, you know, when the car owner returned to get his car, Allison asked him like, what is this photo? Is it, is this fake? And he said, it's real that a friend of his takes these photographs. And I just said to him, look, this car wash will be on me if you introduce me to your friend. And a few weeks later, Allison is on a boat with that friend Chris Fellows, And also one of his friends, a guy named Rob.

(3m 18s):
And was there any part of her That was like, they photoshopped this image and now they're kidnapping me? Well, that's what I was saying, like, very trusting of you to believe these men and go out on their phone. Looking back, it probably was, yeah. Anyhow, I mean, it was a beautiful day. It was a flat day, and there was very little wind. The Sun hadn't risen yet. The sky was totally black. And they were headed out to a place called Seal Island, About a 25 minute boat trip, This massive breeding colony of seals. And as they're getting closer, she starts hearing the sounds of 60,000 seals. You just listen to the seals and you listen to the ocean and the seabirds, but No sharks.

(4m 1s):
So, you know, Chris kept saying to me, keep your eyes peeled. And him and Rob were really vigilant and they staring and they looking. And the whole time I still was not believing it. You know, I was still remained very, very skeptical When suddenly Chris Shots predation and right in front of my eyes Where this little helpless seal is floating, Literally within 10 meters, the Water seems to like open up as this giant, giant shark. This incredible animal Comes flying out from, from below in the sky.

(4m 42s):
And time kind of like slows down at this point for her. Like I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in shock. Her Eyes bulge out of her face and it's just like this massive shark suspended in air. It's like defying every, not just gravity, it's like defying every version of any shark that she's ever seen thought about or learned about in her entire life. It's just like right in front of her. There Was no fear. I dunno if it was ignorance I felt, or I just saw majesty. I just saw this incredible beauty. And then The shark lands back in the water actually moving the boat with the wave from the big splash.

(5m 29s):
And I'm still standing there in complete awe. And I just went, okay, this is me for the rest of my life. I'm gonna study These sharks. And that's exactly what she did. She went back to school, got her masters, then her PhD, and started making more and more trips out there. And what she quickly discovered was, while this is an awesome thing to watch as a human being on a boat, one of the days I saw 42 great white attacks. No way. Yeah. If you were a seal on Seal Island, this place was terrible. I've seen great whites like flying outta the water with this seal in its mouth.

(6m 10s):
Then the seal is kind of like never giving up until Crunch. And I mean, you're just screaming when you see it happen. That, by the way, is Neil, Dr. Neil Hammerschlag. He's a marine ecologist and a shark researcher. He was spending a ton of time out there, just like Allison, If you saw like a lone seal coming back to the island and there like a small kind of baby seal, which would have, you know, smaller claws and not as experienced, like you would watch it and pull out your camera. I know it sounds terrible, but like you could pretty much be sure a great way would come flying outta the water with this seal in its mouth like minutes later. And Neil started to wonder like, do these seals register how awful this place is to be a seal?

(6m 54s):
Like do they feel the fear that I can just see so clearly? So I designed this study where we'd actually go to the island, get up on the island and collect seal poop. You did the same exact thing on other islands. Islands where there weren't sharks. Then analyze the seal poop for stress levels, stress hormone levels. And what, like cortisol? What were you looking? Cortisol. Yeah, like, like metabolized cortisol. And what he found was that the seals that live on Seal Island have stress levels that are four times higher than the seals on all the other islands. Wow. Yeah. Like quadruple levels of stress. And Neil says you could kind of just see this with the naked eye. Yeah, I mean in the shallow water, These sharks couldn't really ambush them.

(7m 36s):
So the seals would always stay within five meters of the island. It seemed like These sharks were controlling their behaviors through just a landscape of fear. They were causing these seals to not go and do whatever they want or hang out wherever they want or behave any way that they wanted. They are keeping them under, under control The way that we imagine sharks, the way that we see them in movies sharks. But they can fly Like that is what they were. Something's following us. I can make it. I can make it To the seals on Seal Island. They've Tasted human flesh. Oh God. However, now You've seen how bad things can get and how quick they can get that way.

(8m 21s):
Well they can get a whole lot worse For the seals and These sharks of Seal Island. All of That was about to get flipped on its head. And we're gonna find a way to Get out and we'll get to that First. We're Right after break.

(8m 49s):
Radiolab is supported by Audible. Can AI predict the source of the next global pandemic? Or at least help convince a Hollywood studio to buy a new screenplay from Scott Z. Burns, the writer of contagion with special guest appearances from director Stephen Soderberg, Lawrence Fishburne and Jennifer Ely. Check out what could go wrong, A deeply thoughtful, occasionally frightening, and often hilarious audible original podcast. The series Delves Head and Heart. First into one of today's burning questions, can humankind and AI work hand in hand featuring an extraordinary collection of minds, both skeptics and optimists across academia, sciences, journalism, and the entertainment industry? What could go wrong follows Scott, as he slips deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole, with an ever expanding cast of AI generated partners, including Lter, his extraordinarily gifted sharp tongue collaborator, they co-write and pitch Hollywood execs the contagion sequel in this brave new world of human AI collaboration. One question looms large, what could possibly go wrong? Listen to what could go wrong. Now on Audible, go to audible.com/what could go wrong to learn more?

(10m 1s):
This is an ad by BetterHelp. You know, being a good guy, being I guess a man today is sort of a never ending act of recalibration. It is a wonderful noble challenge, but a challenge nonetheless. We've gotta be strong but vulnerable to be able to lead. But also listen, we are told at times to protect, but know that we should never control. I mean, it can be confusing. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, often undiagnosed. And I guess I'm just here to say, well, talking to someone, it can help. I have had some wonderful therapists over the years. They have helped me in, in many ways to be less reactive, to be more aware, to be a better partner, a better friend. So if you're looking for someone to talk to, BetterHelp is a great place to start with. Over 35,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You can join a session with the click of a button and you can switch therapists at any time. So to give therapy a try and to get 10% off your first month, go to BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/radiolab.

(11m 18s):
Radiolab is supported by Betterment. When investing your money starts to feel like a second job. Betterment steps in with a little work-life balance. It's an automated investing and savings app that handles the work so you don't have to, while they build and manage your portfolio, you build and manage your weekend plans. While they make it easy to invest for what matters, you just get to enjoy what matters. There are automated tools, simplify the complex and put your money to work optimizing day after day and again and again. So go ahead, take your time to rest and recharge because while your money doesn't need a work life balance, you do make your money hustle with betterment. Get started@betterment.com. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-M-E-N t.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.

(12m 6s):
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary Not available In all states.

(12m 29s):
Hey, I'm Latif Nasser. This is Radiolab. We are back with part two of day four of our week of sharks. Yay. Okay, Before the break, Rachel, you told us about some high flying great white sharks. These colossal apex predators terrorizing some poor little seals on an island off the coast of South Africa. Yep, That's right. And we are gonna get back to those great whites and those little seals in just a minute. But first, you know, there are other fish in the sea We'd been monitoring. So Back in 2015, Alison Co that shark researcher who got her start because of a photograph she had seen, she received another photo of another kind of shark in the bay.

(13m 11s):
But this one, it was different. Absolutely. Divers sent me photographs of these dead seven gull sharks lying at the bottom of the ocean. These Seven gull sharks, they're smaller than their great white cousins, A little narrower. But what struck Allison was that on each of These sharks There was this huge gaping wound. Like the shark had literally been cut and sliced open And the slice was so clean it almost looked like a surgical wound. I mean, it was such a clean wound that my immediate suspicion was people that had did it. Yeah. Hmm. I know. And that's kind of where we had to leave it because all we had was photographs.

(13m 56s):
But then just a couple months later, another dead seven gill shark was found by a different diver. And so she's like, please Collect it. Please collect it. She wants to do like law and order shark view, Shark V. So anyway, They collected it for me and we did the necropsy at the, at the dive shop. And As she's poking around at it, she realizes Again it was, it has the Exact same wound as the last one did. This clean wound between the pictorial fins of the shock. Hmm. And that weirdly On closer inspection, the liver was gone, The liver had been taken out.

(14m 37s):
Just the liver. It's like creepy like Hannibal serial killer vibes. Yeah. Or maybe like poaching or some shady black market stuff. Yeah, I didn't know. But it doesn't end there. And here is where those great whites on Seal Island swim back into the story in 2017, Allison gets a call from another Allison, who's another researcher who studies sharks down kinda like the coast of South Africa. And she's like, Allison, there's this massive great white shark that's washed ashore and guess exactly what it looks like. Lata, She's got the same flash, The slash down the body liver is missing.

(15m 18s):
Everything looked exactly the same. Very weird. I know. And it's about to get even weirder because right around the time Allison hears about this one sliced open, great white, These Sharks at Seal Island literally disappeared Again. Neil Hammerschlag, Like they were gone. So again, I was like, gosh, you know what, what could this be? What's going on? And finally on the 16th of May, 2022, Allison gets her answer. So we were contacted by a drone pilot and he captured the, the most extraordinary footage.

(16m 2s):
There's no sound, but the video starts with this big wide shot looking straight down into this bluish green ocean, maybe like 50 feet below. And right in the center of the frame, you see These sharks and this giant, giant white spotted black orca for a while, the pears just eyeing each other, swimming in these tighter and tighter circles around and around until slightly a second. Orca swims into the right of the frame and The white truck can only keep its eye on one ulca at a time.

(16m 44s):
The second orca starts to slowly glide towards them until suddenly it darts slamming the shark, rendering it motionless, turning the water frothy white. A moment later, as the froth fades, the orca swims next to the motionless shark. This time bearing its teeth. It slices out the shark's liver. Oh, before the clip ends, you can actually even see the orcas start feasting on this white fleshy pouch. And These sharks slowly starts to sink fading into the blue depths of the ocean.

(17m 30s):
This was unbelievable. Unbelievable. Okay, so it's so it's the orcas who are killing These sharks. Yeah. So, so yeah. So these, these livers of sharks, they're, they're super nutrient rich. They're really fatty. They actually take up like a third of These sharks body. And so they are like the, the creme de la creme for these orcas. They, they are just this massive meal for them. So they go in and they take the, they take the liver and then they actually just leave. Huh? Yeah, I mean even Allison found this hard to believe I was in denial for a very long time. 'cause for me, white sharks were always the apex predator.

(18m 11s):
Oh wow. Okay. So, so we're saying the orcas killed all the great whites at Seal Island. Well it seems like they definitely killed some of them. And Neil is quick to point out that we humans killed some of them as well. The Nets, right? A lethal netting program. Government has had nets in the water to protect swimmers and something like 30 sharks get caught in these nets and killed every year, which is a lot for, for great white shark populations. So that's definitely a part of their decline. Allison would agree. But here is where things get even more shocking for our apex shark predators. Allison says that for the orcas to clear all the great white sharks at a seal island, the orcas didn't need to kill all of them.

(18m 52s):
No, This is the whole point. Allison and her grad students and some researchers in the area, they had tagged a bunch of These sharks. And when they looked at that tagging data, they found that after Each predation Event, you know, each orca attack Took These sharks longer to come back and fewer came back. I told eventually after about four or five of these predation events that we knew of, the white sharks stayed away and didn't come back. And so, you know, it's very possible that the fear of predation, the fear of being predated on made the white sharks abandoned seal island.

(19m 36s):
But like I can imagine an individual shark getting attacked and then leaving, or even like, if it sees a friend or family member or something getting attacked and then they leave as like a little family unit. But like, it's not like they have like a giant like WhatsApp group or something where they can like, they're all gonna, you know, leave on mass. Like, like how does that even work? Like A community watch program, but for Sharks? Yeah. Yeah. Like, well Actually they kind of do like they, they have, they have this very cool Trick. I mean, These sharks aren't stupid. Fear can spread through a population in much the same way as it can through, you know, a group of people.

(20m 18s):
I spoke to this man named Colin Brown. He's the head of this fish lab at Macquarie University in Australia. I think one interview called you Dr. Fish Fields or something. Yes, I speak for the fish. And he explained to me how fear can spread literally through the water. So If, if a shark is injured or killed, It releases this chemical, A very particular chemical, which in the German word is called reco, which literally translate to scary stuff Signaling like something bad is happening here, go protect yourself. Like get away. Whoa. And if a situation is bad enough, Res cough can set off a contagion effectively a, a behavioral contagion and an entire population could potentially develop a fear response, almost Like a scream echoing through a crowd.

(21m 17s):
Like, it's funny to me that like they are the like poster child for scary, especially these flying white sharks. And yet when you get to know them, they are just these little, these little fish that are scared of bigger fish that like, as Colin says, there's always something scarier. Yeah, there's always a bigger fish in the sea. Right. And that is virtually true of every animal. The more we find out about fishes and sharks and, and these sorts of aquatic animals, the more we realize we're basically fish. With some tweaks, of course we've come quite some way, but nonetheless our physiology and our sort of behavioral responses haven't really changed that much.

(21m 59s):
So next time you're afraid of a shark, just remember they have feelings too. This episode was Reported by Rachel Cusick and produced by Rachel Cusick, Simon Adler and Maria Poz Gutierrez with production help from Becky lax. It was edited by Pat Walters and fact-check by Diane Kelly with Mixing Help and Sound Design by Jeremy Bloom. And special thanks to Katie Ayers. One more thing. We want to give a big thanks to everyone out there who is a member of the lab, our membership program. Your support makes big projects like this possible, makes our entire show possible, and we are so grateful.

(22m 42s):
If you are not yet a member or you've been thinking about giving more, this is a perfect time to take the plunge because if you join or re-up now, you'll get a gift and it's, it's a limited edition Week of Sharks hat. I wanted it to have like a fin on top, but then everybody else vetoed that idea and I fair, like, I don't think I would even wear that in public. Instead, you're gonna get one designed by the main based artist, Ty Williams. It's beautiful. Something you would actually want to be seen in, in public, and it gives you a chance to show the world that you support our show. It's available to everyone who joins the lab this month, even for as little as seven bucks a month.

(23m 26s):
You can join at Radiolab dot org slash join existing members. Check your email for details. Tomorrow is our last day of the week of Sharks, and we are going from some of the biggest fish in the sea to some of the teeny, tiniest catch you tomorrow. Hi, I'm Isa and I'm from Plano, Texas. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Chad Ab Rod and is edited by Thorn Wheeler. Lugo Miller and La Nasser are our co-host.

(24m 7s):
Dylan Ke is our director of our staff. Includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bruser w Harry Fortuna, David Bel, Rebecca lax, Maria P Pier, Ana Banum, Matt Ty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sand, Anisa, Vita Arianne, wack, pat Walters, Molly Webster, Jessica Young with help from Rebecca wr. Our fact Trickers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, Anna EO Mimi, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Michelle calling from Richardson, Texas. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Simons Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation.

(24m 53s):
Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation.

(25m 4s):
WNYC Studios is supported by Earth Justice as a national legal nonprofit, earth Justice has more than 200 full-time lawyers who fight for a healthy environment. They wield the power of the law to protect people's health, preserve magnificent places and wildlife, and advance clean energy to combat climate change. Earth justice fights in court because the earth needs a good lawyer. Learn more@earthjustice.org.

(25m 28s):
Summer is coming right to your door. With Target Circle 360, get all the seasoned go-tos delivered just when you want them snacks, towels, and even pillows. Get it all delivered the same day. With Target Circle 360. Restrictions apply.