
Radiolab is supported by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving, exercising, cleaning. What if you could also be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDecks team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


You're on with Xfinity. How can we help? Hi. Can my phone keep up when I travel for work? Yep. With Xfinity Mobile, you get wifi speeds up to a gig on the go so I can work on my phone by the beach. Your secret's safe with me. Switch And save with Xfinity Mobile. Now through January 10th, Xfinity, internet customers can buy one unlimited line and get one free for a year. Visit xfinity mobile.com to learn more. Xfinity, bring on the good stuff. Restrictions apply Xfinity Internet and two new unlimited lines required reduced speeds. After 30 gigabytes of usage per line, data thresholds may vary. Actual wifi speed's very not guaranteed.


Hey, it's LA here at Radiolab. It's your financial support that allows us to tackle questions and ideas you can't hear anywhere else. Why do We have butts? Where Did the name Earth come from? You ask. And we'll say there's a radio lab for that want to help join our membership experience at the lab to get access to ad free listening bonus content. And this month only, we'll include a limited edition T-shirt that reminds everyone there's a radio lab for that. Go to radiolab.org/join. And thanks. Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, it's Latif.


I would like to pull up from the watery depths, a story of perseverance. It's a story of focus. It's a story of one little creature fighting, fighting to the extreme extent of its every fiber of its being for the future of its progeny. Part of the thing I love about it is it's so far from anything you're reading about otherwise In the news. It feels almost like it's, it's as far as you can get on planet Earth from your own personal drama. And it helps remind you how much more is out there that has nothing to do with you.


That's Octomom. Originally broadcast in 2020, but just as timeless as ever. Today. I hope you enjoy. Yeah, you wait. You're listening. Okay. All, right. Okay. All. right. You. Are listening. Listening To Radiolab. Radiolab from WNYC. See, rewind. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. This is Radiolab and Danny McKeen. Yes. Well, what do you got for me? Well, First of all, Robert, let me just get the levels on you. Okay. I'm Here. We've got Robert.


Robert, maybe you can tell, tell, tell, tell. Hi. I'm, I'm sitting in on this one with Annie just Because as many of you know, he retired from Radiolab not too long ago, but I brought him out of retirement and back into the studio to sit in with me on this interview. We Just sometimes pile on when it looks like it's gonna be a candy fun thing to do. And Second of all, I have a hero and a story that I don't know. I just feel like it's exactly the kind of story that we all need right now at this moment. Okay, let's go. Okay, so let's start with our main character. Excuse me. This is our hero. Oh, no, no, no, no, No. Well, I mean our main storyteller.


I guess. My name is Bruce Robeson, reaching out to you from KAZU at Monterey, California. At California State University, Monterey Bay. Whoa. Oh, you got it all in There. No, That was very well done. So Bruce is a deep sea Explorer. I am a Southern California beach kid who just kept going out deeper and deeper These days. He works at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute and basically he and his team, they'll go out on a boat with a little remote sub that they drop into the water with a camera and see what they can see. It's Really exciting. 'cause they're all of these cool animals. I I, I'm just curious, like, did you just go out onto the ocean and then look down? I went Oh. Or did, how does it begin this story?


Well, One day, This is back in April of 2007, We're on a ship called Western Flyer. They're on one of their runs checking out Sea Life. And they're just off the coast over this giant underwater canyon. The Monterey Canyon. Pretty much the, the same scale and scope as the Grand Canyon in Arizona. There's an underwater Grand Canyon in Monterey Bay. That's right. Wow. And on this day, Bruce and his team dropped a little robot sub down into the water, A little less than a mile down, Which doesn't seem like a lot, but imagine going down the length of the Empire State Building and then go down another Empire State Building.


Oh my God. And then go down another Empire State Building and then go down like maybe a few more floors, like maybe 10 more floors of that Empire State Building. That's that. That makes me a little bit Dizzy. The darkness is, is overwhelming. You can look up and say, well, maybe the surface is up that way. But the last little photons have given up and yet it is punctuated by sparkles and twinkles and flashes all around.


The majority of animals that live there make their own light. And you can hear scratches and squeaks and thumps around you. Right. Oh, Bruce, I'm noticing that your chair is rather vocal. It seems like it's squeaking. Unless that's Robert. Is that You? That's my imitation of a ship at sea. That's, It's not quite working for me. It sounds a lot like a ship. No, No. It's his fault. It's not mine. You're rocking. Well, I'll try not I'll, yeah. Anyway, They're down there, In the darkness and they flick on this little headlight and sweeping this cone of light around in front of them, they see the silty sea floor, a few rocky outcrops when into that cone of light wanders An octopus moving towards the rock across the sea floor.


Our hero using her arms to sort of pull and glide and roll herself along. She was kind of purpley gray, dark modeled. There was a crescent shaped scar on one arm and a circular scar elsewhere. Cool. Like tattoos? Yeah. Well just so get sense of size. Can you fit her on your lap or could you wear her as a hat? Okay. The mantle, the roundy part was as big as a healthy cantaloupe. Oh. How long are the tentacles? Foot and a half long. They're very stretchy. Ooh. Okay. Anyway, about a month later, we went back and dropped down. A month later you see an animal hitting towards a rock and you don't wait to see if she gets there.


'cause would that take too long or why did, we Weren't really focused on that, that it was just an observation. Oh, okay. Anyway, When they went back In the robot sub, a month later, that Same octopus was up on a vertical face on the rock, sitting on a clutch of eggs. Her body covering the eggs, each of her arms Curled in a a little spiral tucked into position. How many babies was she sitting on? 160. Are they jellybean sized or, yeah. That's a good approximation. And Bruce and his team were like, oh, this is great. We Know within about a month when the eggs were laid And they'd often wondered like, how long does it take for octopus eggs to Hatch? Does science not know about the brooding period of octopuses?


Not deep water ones. Oh. Which was a totally different species of octopus and could have a totally different way of doing things for all they knew. We know so little about life. In the deep sea, that something like this can be very illuminating. Did you have a name for her other than like 1 0 0 6 dash B? We just called her Octomom. Oh, Octomom. Beautiful. So whenever they were out at sea and had time in their schedule, they'd toss In the robot sub drop down and Have a look at Octomom. They dropped down in May, and there she is a little figure huddled on the rock A month or so later there she's again sitting on her eggs and warding off predators, Crabs and shrimps on the rock.


Who would've loved to chow down on her eggs. So let's say I'm a crab and I see some lady sitting on 160 babies. So I figure my odds are pretty good that I can scarf at least six of 'em. Not a chance. Oh, she is vigilant and relentless. Couldn't I bite her? Nope. Or what about Nope. No. Yeah. What happens if a crab bites her? Yeah. Or pinches her. She would squeeze the heck out of it. Okay. Couple months after that there's zooming in towards the rock and Oh, there she is, cleaning the eggs with an arm like la la, la, la La. And you can see the baby octopus inside the egg after a while. Next visit, Still there. Couple months after that.


Oh, there she is. Same old spot. Ah, October. Still there. You bet. November. Yes. Curled around her babies, cleaning them, protecting them. And it's now been around like six months, something like that. And Bruce and his team start to notice that she was changing. She became very pale. She clearly lost weight. And you could see over time that her eyes began to get cloudy. I say the human counterpart might be cataracts. And according to Bruce, for an octopus, this is normal. Most octopuses that we know about do not feed while they're brooding At all.


At all. Oh, She's, she's stuck to the rock with her jelly. She's there that entire time. Yeah. She hasn't moved. So say so that would mean that she was starving. Yes. And not just starving, but starving to death. Octopus moms die after they reproduce. Who is this? Oh, this is YI know. I'm I was like, I'll talk to whatever voice is coming through the, that's So Yann Wong. I am An evolutionary neuroscientist. She's a postdoc at Princeton. But she did her PhD research on reproduction and death In the octopus.


Now she studied a shallow water species of octopus, which tend to have a very short life That typically only lives for a year. Really? Yeah. That's it for an octopus. I know. Isn't that crazy? It seems I mean. That was all the, all the attention they get is being these brainy creatures. I know. And to think they're so ephemeral. Now, the deep sea species like Octomom probably live a little longer than that. We don't actually know exactly how long, but Yan told me that all octopuses have a sort of similar life story. Like when you're a kid, you're just growing. So you're just eating everything. Then You hit puberty. You gotta find a mate that won't eat you. Apparently that's a big risk.


And when you do finally find that mate, The male octopus reaches with one of its arms into the mantle. The big ba balloony part of his body Reaches in there and removes a sperm packet. And he tucks it inside the female's mantle. Here you go. And that's it. That's their sex. Which sounded a little dry to me. Well, I once was describing this on a train, a commuter train to a friend of mine. And I suddenly noticed the train was completely silent. So In a porn like way or in a horror way, It total porn like way in a very curious Way. This is thy Montgomery, she's the author of the Soul of an octopus, as well as like 29 other books about animals.


And one Valentine's Day at the Seattle Aquarium, she got to see Octo sex. Let's See, the male might have been up In the corner, Teeny digression here. And the Female came out of the one tank and entered this tank and crawled towards him. As soon as he realized my love has arrived, they both turned bright red and they flew into each other's arms and they covered each other with their suckers. 16 arms going on. And they're all very fast, but they stay together for a while afterwards. Sometimes hours I mean it was very romantic.


The male often wrapped around the female. And frequently they both turn white, which is the color of a relaxed octopus. So that's when they're having the cigarette, Huh. Anyway, we can't know if that's what Octomom experienced. She has a different species after all. But what we do know is that when she used that sperm That was the beginning of the end of her life. The female can essentially decide when she wants to fertilize her eggs. 'cause once she lays them, you know, she's not gonna move them. So yeah, she has to go do all of her favorite things one last time before she switches over her last Hurrah.


Her rum springer. Totally. Yeah. But when she decides the time is right, she'll find a safe spot and layer eggs. Then as the eggs are about To hatch, She dies. Now the shallow water species of octopus that y studies this, sitting and taking care of your eggs phase doesn't last that long. Only about a month. But with Octomom, since they knew virtually nothing about the species, the question was how long would it go? How long would she sit on those eggs? Not eating, slowly dying. How Often are you visiting her Every month or two or every three months or No, no, it was it, there wasn't a regular pattern.


This was sort of bootleg science. We were out there doing other things that, that we were supposed to do as part of our project up In the water column. And if we had a little extra dive time, we'd sneak down and, and check her out, Which they did month after month after month after month. If you keep counting, how far does it go? Well Let, let's say, let's say year one. Year, Yeah. Oh Wow. Year one, they drop down. She's looking pretty rough. And there are all these crabs crawling around. And they're scientists, but they're also kind of having a hard time watching this octopus suffer, for lack of a better word.


And one of the things that we tried was we went down once and broke a couple eggs off a crab. Using With the robot? With the robot. Yeah. We have manipulator arms. We can do all kinds of neat stuff. So we broke off a couple of crab legs and offered them to her. She, she wouldn't have anything to do with it. We tried that oh, two, three times. Wow. And one time in year two, year two, they drop down and they see that she's being circled by crabs, Looking as though they were trying to mass and attack, if you will. Like How many? Three or four. She's, she's like very weak at this point. And these crabs are like circling her. Like you imagine with pitchforks, like around a witch, back at a stake or something back you devils.


And Bri and his team are like, oh my God. Like what's gonna happen? You know? Could this be the end? And alright. So we, we couldn't hang around and, and Oh Man, you are not, they're kind of people. We would not hire you if we, if we were following somebody who was under attack by a group of crabs who had ridden, drawn a circle of death around her and said, no one shall pass. We would not go back upstairs. We would stay. We had other things on our agenda. Oh, come on. They just heard. They, they they did. They they grabbed the crab. I know last time just like shoo them away with the arms. That's what I know. But they would come right back.


I mean they can't guard her, But they leave her there. In the dark being circled by crabs. Oh, That. Was. At the beginning of a week long trip. So They're out at sea doing their research and all the while they're thinking what happened to Octomom and the crabs? So On, on our way back home, we thought, let's go check, let's see how things are. They drop In the sub, they drop down, they drop down, down, down, down, biting their nails As we try to find our way into the rock. And we're searching, searching, searching. And then there a white blob, In the darkness. It's like, Okay, good. There she is. There she is still there And there are no crabs around her anymore. But there Were crab parts all over the sea floor below her.


So she killed them. Yes. So she Yes. In her weakened state, torn them apart with her arm. Oh my God. All the folks In the control room on the ship and the pilots rug going, yay. So you left for a week. And during that time she fought like the battle of her life. That's right. Missed the whole thing. And They're counting the eggs every single time. And she is still at one 60. We never saw any evidence that anybody had picked off one of the eggs. Not a one. Nope. This is heroic. It is heroic. She was wasting away and would eventually have to die. But it would have to be timed right with the hatching of the babies. Yeah.


Because if she were to lose her grip and drift off of the eggs, then a crab could come and just, you know, have a, the a huge brunch. I mean where there was this tension of her holding on until They were ready. Yes. Well, doesn't it seem to you like, there's like people like, you know, say, I'm going to be dying tonight, but I'm gonna wait for Johnny to come home. You know, and then Johnny bursts through the door and say, look in, exchange a glance, and then poof, mommy dies. It sort of feels a little bit like that. Let's move on to year three. What? She's still there three years. Yeah. This Is, I know she's getting worse.


This is Horrible and amazing at the same Time. I know she has not eaten anything there like aghast. She is just like this Titan, year four. We move on to year four. Like, it's just like, oh my god. Unbelievable time. Let me give you a sense of like, what is happening. So 2007, that's when they saw her. Boris Yeltsin dies first iPhone released for sale. In. the USA big moments. 2008, the economy crashes. Obama is elected. Like these huge things are happening right up, right upstairs from her. She's just still doing that same thing. 2009 Ussein bolt breaks the world record for the a hundred meter dash Bitcoin.


I think Bitcoin happens somewhere in there. Bitcoin. Okay. 2009 Michael Jackson dies. Wow. 2010. Those Chilean miners were rescued after 69 days. Oh my God. I If you remember that, remember they're chap In The ground. Yeah, of course. Wow. Haiti has the huge earthquake. The worst they ever had in 200 years. 2011, we're moving onto 2011. Now the Arabs spring. Oh my God. Same-sex marriage is legalized in New York State. Amy Winehouse, Steve Jobs and Osama bin Lain all die. All the while Octomom has been sitting there withering, but killing crabs that come for her babies.


Yeah. Wow. Like not eating, but somehow remaining vigilant Just seems so crazy to me. Like why would, why would evolution make an animal that needs to gest her babies that long? Well, We don't know. Bruce and Yan both said that maybe it's because it's so cold down there that everything happens more slowly. Or maybe you need super developed babies because it's such a harsh environment. But basically it's still a mystery. Like they don't even know if Octomom is like this crazy freak of nature or if she's ordinary, like she's the only octopus of this species that anyone has ever watched do this. Huh. But my question was how, how can she survive this?


Like how can she just sit there not eating for four years and not just, just die? It's just a totally Bizarre thing. Right? It sounds like magic lucky for us. This is exactly what Y studied for her PhD. So when we come back from a quick break together with Yan, we're gonna find out how she does it and how far she can go.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. I've got a question for you. When's the last time you did something for the first time? As we get older and our school years get further and further away, it can be harder and harder to find time and energy to dedicate to learning something new. So what's something you've been wanting to learn? Go ahead. Come up with something. Maybe it's sewing or growing tomatoes or ice skating therapy can help you reconnect with yourself and tap back into that back to school mentality and sense of wonder. It can also help you develop healthy coping skills and equip you with the tools you need to be the best version of yourself. So if you are thinking of starting therapy or picking it back up, give BetterHelp a try. It's all online and designed to be convenient and flexible to fit your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now, you're driving, exercising, cleaning. What if You could also be Saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers. Qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit. Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


You're on with Xfinity. How can we help? Hi. Can my phone keep up when I travel for work? Yep. With Xfinity Mobile, you get wifi speeds up to a gig on the go so I can work on my phone by the beach. Your secret's safe with me. Switch and save with Xfinity Mobile. Now through January 10th, Xfinity, internet customers can buy one unlimited line and get one free for a year. Visit xfinity mobile.com to learn more Xfinity free on the good stuff. Restrictions apply Xfinity Internet and two new unlimited lines required. Reduced speed after 30 gigabytes of usage per line data threshold may vary. Actual wifi speeds vary. Not guaranteed.


Jad Radiolab back with Annie Ewen and Octomom. So before the break we had landed on the very simple question of how, how does Octomom manage to stay alive and defend her eggs? Not moving no food for over four years. Right. So we just didn't know What That was. Well, YM says the answer lies in a very peculiar fact about the Octopus's brain, which helps her pull off these last few deeply essential beats of her life. If we were to think about the nervous system as say, like an orchestra, To understand how this works, Y says, you can think of all the different parts of the octopus's brain as different sections in an orchestra.


You know, like the brass is gonna take care of like vision or something like that. Or you know, the strings are taken care of, motor functions and things like that. Maybe the bass is regulating heartbeat. The woodwinds taking care of memory. And as she swims along living her octopus life, the whole orchestra is playing all the instruments, doing their job. But as she lays her eggs, There's a shift, a shutting down of processes that are normally functioning to keep the body going.


Every instrument in that orchestra starts to hush. Everybody going quiet Except there's this one section of the orchestra. Yeah, The optic glands. These are like two really tiny, they're kind of the size of, you know, a grain of rice. They sit right between her eyes. They Have their solo at this point. And would that be the opera singer? Or who is that? Who is everyone quiet and to hear? Well, let me think about this. It would not be, you know, a very common instrument. It's not a huge part of the brain.


So it wouldn't really be a string. I don't think it would be like a wind instrument. Or maybe it would be a weird one. You know, like a bassoon or something like that. One where there's just one or two in a full orchestra. Okay, I like that. So as all the other parts of the nervous system begin to drop away the bassoon, these tiny grains of rice have their moment. They're playing a very complicated chemical song that yen is only just beginning to piece together. But she knows that part of the work they're doing is triggering a bunch of different chemicals, Things like steroids and it's insulin that enable it to stay alive without additional food intake.


And so all the while she's down there, years and years being visited again and again by this robot. On the outside she looks like a very old lady. Pale skin, cataracts, flabby muscles, a little pale blob, In, the darkness all alone. But on the inside she's very much alive. Alive in this incredibly centered, focused way.


Year after year after year after year, she's playing her heart out. Bruce, I just wanna remind you about the chair thing. I am just, oh, sorry. No, no problem. No problem. All, right? Dylan's offering me a, a better chair. Let's say a more silent chair. So let me pick up my butt out of this one. Okay.


Move it over to another one. Thank you. Dylan. Did you have, did you have moments where you were like out buying eggs, bicycling, you know, cleaning the car and just had this moment like, oh, she's there. I know exactly where she is. She's doing her job. Like these little moments of you living your life and her just constantly working as a mother. Yeah, I thought about her all the time. Okay, so we are at year four or our, is that where we are? So we're at year four and a half. Four and a half years. Is that the world record for longest brooding period?


On on on planet earth? Yeah, It is. Whoa. We had, we had been there a month before and she was still there looking pretty haggard, I've gotta say. But she was hanging in there and then one day we dropped down and we're flying in towards the rock. He's watching the screen up on the ship, just seeing darkness. Then there's the rocky outcrop, there's her spot. And she wasn't there. We couldn't see her.


What, what is do you, what does that mean? Do, does that mean we Knew we were at the right place? We could see the, the patch on the rock and there were all of these tattered egg cases. Just In the spot where she had been. Tattered egg cases means that the babies had been born. Well the first thing we did was search, are there babies on the rock? Are the babies still here? Or did any of them survive? Or was it some sort of apocalyptic demise at the hands of all those hungry looking crabs? So they're frantically sort of searching around the rock searching and searching and searching.


And then they begin to see little babies that are her species and they see baby here. No, and a little baby there. Little octopus is crawling around. Oh, they'd been feeding and growing. And it was pretty clear that they were hatch legs from that clutch of eggs that we had. Absurd. Did they look like her? Like all same? Well there's the crescent, the crescent shape, and the, Sadly no. And they were quite a bit smaller. Yeah. But it was clear. That Was. They were the same species. And did you see her?


Nope. I'm certain that she had been consumed by some scavenger. Oh my god. But you just want her, you just want to give her a moment just to see it. Yeah. Well we kind of asked Bruce like, can you help us imagine what that moment might have been like for her Since you don't know? 'cause you missed it as usual, the actual big moment. Could you, I must have gone out for a, a hamburger or something. Could you just, your mind's eye imagined the last moment here. Like, like was she dusting the eggs or were the eggs beginning to hatch or what?


We suspected she stayed there until the last one had hatched. But she, You mean watching them? Maybe not watching them, but feeling them, guarding them. Oh my gosh, that's amazing. They are. They are devoted moms. So she would feel this activity That was new underneath her and then know that it was time to finally let go. Right. Okay. Relax Mom, it's over. You did. You did your job. So cool.


It's like handing off the baton of life. Yeah. Yeah. I love thinking about this story right now because we're all like kind of, I don't know, just needing to like, hold on. There's this like sense of holding on. Yeah. And waiting and being patient and just like, I don't know, having faith and that kind of thing. You know, just kind of like being still and holding on that she's just like giving us such a great model for I mean. Wow. It's, you know what, what? Hold on one second. I have to just put it into this madness. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go for it. Il tage. Don't come in here. I'm working. Oh my God. You know what I think about is the, what?


It's so, it's so interesting. This is like the a, this is like the absolutely wrong soundtrack to the story that you're telling. Oh, The kids get crazy. You're talking about a mother sort of lovingly suffering and then dying on behalf of her jelly beans. And I have these kids who are just like literally running around like savages right now. 'cause they're stir crazy. No, you know what? I think I think about it like It's so beautiful and heroic and poignant. But then I think about like, she's not telling, like if you take the story away and you just imagine her experience, she's In the darkness for five years and like, I wonder if she, I wonder she has no conception of anything except I did that somehow.


The disconnect between the experience she's having and the story we're telling about it is everything that I need to think about right now. Because we're all trying to protect our jelly beans in a way. But, but then if you think about the experience of that it, it can feel frightening and lonely and dark, you know.


Thanks Annie. You are welcome. This story was reported and produced by Annie McKeen with musical help from Alex Overington. Thanks to Kyle Wilson for playing the sexy saxophone for us. And a very big thank you to our bassoon player, Brad Bt, who provided the soundtrack for Octa Mom's Darkest Hours and Finest Moment. And of course, thanks to Bruce. Okay, well we've kept you so we should let you Go. Thank you so much, Bruce. Thank you. I really appreciate it. Okay. Again, I think we got everything, so yeah, I think we do. Yeah, your squeaky chair and all. It was perfect though. Oh, you don't want to do have like rock on the chair a tiny bit? Oh, maybe you should actually, it might be, actually might be useful just in terms of mixing purposes.


All, right? Oh, I'll wheel the other chair over and yes. And then just doodle with your body A little dance routine. Oh, okay. There. Oh yeah, go ahead. Oh, I guess, yeah, Que so s don't say anything, just make squeaks. Okay. It sort of reminds me about what she, she might hear under the water whales communicating or, Okay, that's fine.


Okay. I'm Jad Abumrad. Thanks for listening. Radiolab will be back with you next week. Hi, I'm David and I'm from Baltimore, Maryland. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Sorin Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keef is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bressler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, Gutierrez Du Nu Samand, Mac Kte, Annie McKeen, Alex Neeson, Valentina Powers, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation Initiative. In. the John. Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P. Sloan. Foundation.


You're on with Xfinity. How can we help? Hi. Can my phone keep up when I travel for work? Yep. With Xfinity Mobile, you get wifi speeds up to a gig on the go so I Can work on my phone by the beach. Your secret's safe with me. Switch and save with Xfinity Mobile. Now through January 10th, Xfinity, internet customers can buy one unlimited line and get one free for a year. Visit xfinity mobile.com to learn more. Xfinity, bring on the good stuff. Restrictions. Apply Xfinity internet and two new unlimited lines required. Reduced means after 30 gigabytes of usage per line, data threshold may vary. Actual wifi speaks very not guaranteed.


Imagine earning a degree that prepares you with real skills for the real world. Capella University's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. Learn how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu.