
Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. That's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary Not available In all states.


Radiolab is supported by the John Templeton Foundation funding interdisciplinary research and catalyzing conversations designed to inspire awe and wonder, dive deeply into the wonders of the universe@templeton.org.


And now a next level moment from at t Business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding. And international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease, so the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you At T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you. For details,


Listener supported WNYC Studios, Oh wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab lab. Radiolab from WNYC. Yep. Hey, I'm Latif Nasser and This is Radiolab, this computer. And yes, great. Amazing. Today, I'm, I've been looking forward to talking to you for so long. No, thank you. Thank you. It's really pleasure. Talk to you. We're doing something a little bit different because this episode is coming out at the tail end of December, 2024.


And so far this month we have traced the kind of bogus origin story of Stockholm syndrome and our staff went in on a bit of a romp fact checking a bunch of the old chestnut, you know, the adages you hear all the time. So those were our two new episodes for this month. That's what we do. We make two new episodes a month, but we wanted to do a little something extra, a little sneaky holiday gift, a Christmas ish offering, you could call it. It's actually two little Christmas ish offerings. One from me, one from Lulu. They're similar, but also very different. And I'm gonna start off with this story. This is the especially Christmasy one that I heard from this guy newer.


I am a no Rafi, a scientist at the Johns Hopkins Applied physics lab. And newer is part of a project, actually a mission that I don't know, a few weeks ago I didn't even think was physically possible. There are things now, I've been on this mission for 16 years and there are certain aspects for me, the way they work is still like magic. Okay. But if we back up all the way, like how did you even get interested in all of this? So my interest in, in space was as a very young child, No is originally from Tunisia, Born In the countryside, and being In the countryside, there is no light pollution at all. So the sky is just in particular in summertime, is just mesmerizing.


It's just captivating. And that's actually probably the first thing that got me interested into, into space. After that, my interest shifted a little bit on the sun, being really fascinated by it, how much heat in particular we get In the summer, and they did all sorts of experiments. He Says, when he was a kid, he actually made his own light prism out of plexiglass to Create the rainbow spectrum from violet to red. He started playing with lenses, Focusing a lot, the sunlight. Some of them actually, they caused fire, but it's not really a big fire at all. So, but still, still the, the power of the sun is, was so fascinating to Me. And nor says that as he got older, he got interested in other fields, Fields like particle physics, like nuclear physics, like optics, quantum mechanics.


He ends up going to study in France, starts working In the states at different observatories. But around 2008, he hears about this mission that NASA's working on Put forth in 1958, many, many years before I was born. That is so many mental that is going to make history that is going to make a first just in a few weeks from now. So to explain, 2008 no starts working with NASA on this mission and then status check Delta go PSP twenty eighteen, ten nine, eight, no. And its team of NASA scientists launched this rocket one zero out into space lift off and being carried by that rocket.


Was this About three meters tall, Couple meters wide Spacecraft. It's not really big spacecraft when you look at it, It almost looks like cone shaped. So, so once it got into space, this little cone shaped spacecraft detached from the rocket and no, and his team fired it up and sent it to Venus And kind of slow the spacecraft a little bit down so That the spacecraft would get caught in Venus' orbit. And then as it swung around Venus, they hit the jets and it just went out toward the sun, then around the sun, then back to Venus, where again it goes whoosh, slingshots around Venus, out around the sun and back again and again and again.


And as it's yo-yoing back and forth between Venus and the sun, it's getting faster and faster and faster. More than 430,000 miles per hour. Like that's just so fast. You can't even comprehend it. Yes, It's the fastest human object flying in space. And as it gets faster, that orbit around the sun and Venus, it gets tighter and tighter and tighter to the point that this little spacecraft will get so close to the sun that we will basically for the first time ever touch it.


Nobody has ever done this. Nobody has ever gone so close to a star. This is the mission, the mission that noir became obsessed with the mission that NASA spent decades developing generations Who invested into this mission To try and understand our sun. Because There are certain phenomena that happening on the sun or In the environment of the sun that are so puzzling that for decades now, we don't really have a full understanding of them. For instance, nurses take the surface of the sun that We see with the naked eye. The temperature is about 10,000 degrees faite. But he says if you move just a couple thousand miles away out from the sun, the Temperature will jump to 2 million or 3 million degrees.


Faite, It's more, it's Way, way, it's over 300 times hotter. So Nobody knows why that is. No, No. He said there's all these other mysteries as well, like solar, wind or something called the dust free zone. These mysteries and about the sun, how the sun works. The Hope is to solve some of these mysteries Basically rewriting textbooks for us about the sun. But I, I mean, how, how could you possibly send something? And now, and now what you're telling me is that not even touching the sun, but even even far further away from the sun, it's even hotter than the surface of the sun. So how can you get something even remotely close to that without it just melting into a puddle?


The, The spacecraft, when you look at it in terms of technology, it's really a marvel of technology. So for instance, nor says NASA had spent decades trying to make a heat shield for solar space craft, but The heat shield was so heavy. So basically it's not really doable. You cannot do It. So what is the solution? The solution is you will be surprised if it's basically a piece of carbon foam. What that's, it's a piece of carbon foam. How, how does that Work? Okay, this is, this is not any carbon foam. This is a very sophisticated carbon foam. Okay, tell me about the sophisticated carbon foam. So the, the heat shield, it is 4.5 inch thick. That's it. And Basically all of it is a carbon foam on top of it.


We have also a ceramic coating that is wide to reflect as much light as possible, but that's, that's the heat chain. Okay. And when we are closest to the sun, the heat shield side facing the sun will be glowing at more than 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Oh my god. You know, at that temperature you can melt almost all metals we know of. So the nice thing about this, that the backside of the heat shield, which is just four inch and a half thick, it'll be at 700 degrees Fahrenheit. Huh? So way less So in a way, in four inch and a half, we already lost 1800 degrees. Holy cow. About a yard or a meter behind that. Yeah.


It is almost room temperature. No. Yes. How does it do That? Well, that's actually the magic of engineering, and That's just the heat shield. Like the spacecraft also has solar panels to power it. But of course, if you get that close to the sun, those could like vaporize. So they develop these like radiator pipes. They go on the back of the solar panels. Can you Guess what is the liquid we use to cool the solar of panels like Liquid nitrogen or something? It's simply water, Water And it's just a gallon of water. They also angled all the solar panels so they could be like In the shadows of the spacecraft. So they also don't overheat. I mean, I mean it's really, it's just wild.


Every Piece of it is basically edge cutting technology. And so on November 6th, this little spacecraft full of edge cutting technology and sophisticated carbon foam and a gallon of water rounded Venus, and began its nearly 67 million mile journey to the sun. And on December 24th, 2024, which is the Christmas Ave, will be this historical moment Where for the first time ever, we will basically reach out and touch a star. We will be basically embracing a star. To me that's like magic.


So that's the quick conversation I had with newer and why I was so excited to play it for you now is that I, I really, I have this image in my mind of, of you, the listener, just sometime over the holiday you'll be doing something holiday related, like maybe lighting a candle or gathering with friends around a fire, or even just like, like microwaving your mom's leftovers. It'll be a heat related thing. And then boom, it'll just hit you that at that very moment up In the firmament, this little probe is moving faster than any human made object has ever moved.


Putting itself and by proxy, all of us closer to the sun than we have ever been before. That's what I hope happens. I will, I plan on checking back with newer at some point In the new year to hear how everything went down, what he and his team learned. And that is the exactly the kind of bonus update that we like to put in our lab member feed. So if you're already a member of the lab, keep your eyes peeled for that. If you are not a member, that is the best way to help us do the things we love to do. Like dig up buried archival tape, like when we did that for the NYPD psychologist who literally coined the term Stockholm syndrome.


Or, you know, when we like to go out and add a live dimension to a historical story, like when we cooked up a thousand year old fish sauce recipe with some mean nastro or even just, I mean the standard stuff we do, like just hours and hours of labor on immersive soundscapes that make you feel like you're really at the center of the action. We need your support to keep doing this work if you're already a member of the lab. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. You are vital. If you are not a member, well just know that joining the lab is the best way to make sure that we can keep reliably bringing you deeply researched, carefully produced rigorously fact-check edge cutting radio journalism.


So consider going to radiolab.org/join and becoming a lab member today. If you already are a member, we just did introduce a new premium level that you could join. It also makes a great holiday gift. Radiolab do org slash join. As a member, you get extra content ad free listing, all kinds of extra little benefits. And we are actually this month as a reward for joining. We're giving out this very cool poster, which comes from an episode of our sibling show terrestrials, hosted by Lulu Miller. And after we come back from a short break, we're gonna play a little bit from the episode that inspired the poster where Lulu, kind of like myself also became very, very obsessed about a tiny little spacecraft that in her case was heading out In the opposite direction, saddled with a little less edge cutting technology, but carrying a much more emotional payload.


And that's after the break This year at both Radiolab and Terrestrials, we've spent a lot of time up In the heavens, but as the year ends, we're coming back down to earth. We have a lot of stories cooking for you all, but we need your help to keep it all going. If you join our membership program In the lab, you'll get members only content and we have a new ultra premium tier of the lab called Whale Sharks. If you've become a whale shark, we'll thank you by reading your name In the episode CREDITS later this year. To learn more, check out a new exclusive poster or other details, go to Radiolab dot org slash join And thanks.


Radiolab is supported by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. That's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that Radiolab is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDI c


Radiolab is supported by Made in cookware as Radiolab listener. You know, we like to nerd out and explore things like how seagulls from the 1970s shook up our understanding of what's natural in all of us animals and how far the moon actually is. The usual made in cookware is into exploration too. Creating products that help us answer questions like, have you wanted to cook lobster but balk because the process seemed too intimidating. When it comes to picking the right ones and what tools you need to dig in, it can seem like a lot armed with maid ins, stainless clads stock pot, and they're how to cook lobster blog post. There's no need to be afraid with their professional grade stainless clad carbon steel non-stick and enamel cast iron cookware collections. Ma in lets you focus on memorable meals. Cook like a pro with ma in for full details. Visit made in cookware.com. That's M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


Radiolab is supported by Rocket money. Managing finances can feel complicated and time consuming, right? But it doesn't have to be. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and aims to help lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and for those you don't want anymore, rocket money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard also gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts, and can help you easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings, rocket money makes it easy. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Just go to rocket money.com/rl today. That's rocket money.com/rl


Latif Radiolab. So we're now leaving behind the spacecraft That was going to the sun and turning to a spacecraft going out the opposite direction to Jupiter, in particular to Europa, one of Jupiter's moons that has an ocean of water is a possible other place in our solar system that can sustain life. Now again, this was a story That was part of our Kids and family podcast, terrestrials, hosted by Lulu Miller, my co-host, this spacecraft that this episode is about. It launched just recently in October, 2024. And the reason why Lulu became obsessed with it is because on the side of the spacecraft there was gonna be a poem etched into it and tasked with writing that poem.


This message to represent all of us here on earth was us poet laureate, ADA Limon. But She was stuck, like real stuck, terrified. So we Resume with the tale of what she did to move through that. Well, I had about three months to write the poem and I was going to Hawaii to a town, I'm not kidding, named Haiku. And I was staying In the house of a former US poet Laureate, WS Merwin. And so my husband and I went there. It's inside an incredible palm forest. All of these beautiful different varieties of palm trees.


And so I got to watch all of the different species of birds and all the geckos inside and outside the house. And I had this real space to think and sit with the idea of what I wanted to offer. And so I began writing the poem. I was trying to imagine the audience being sort of out in space, right? Whether there were other beings out there, whether the audience was the stars themselves. I kept imagining a loneliness and I would read a draft to my husband and he would say, you know, I think you need to stop writing a NASA poem.


What Do you think your husband heard when he said that? I think he was hearing maybe more of a scientific approach, more stiff and formal type of writing, maybe more of following the assignment, thinking of it as presenting facts about Europa. Po poets have one really beautiful way of procrastinating, and let me tell you about it. Okay? What we love to do is research, and it means that instead of writing the poem, I think, you know what, I'm gonna go Google everything about this moon of Jupiter. And it's a wonderful distraction and it's a great way of learning, but it often doesn't actually help you make the poem, but it is our way of just not writing.


So I think that that's part of what I was doing, was thinking, oh, I'm going to teach people about Europa, and that's what what he was hearing. And so what I needed to shift was, oh no, I need to speak to Europa and have this be a reaching out. Was there anything that, like a bird or a tree or a moment that led you down the right path or the, the, the rabbit hole that would then turn into the, the more us poem was, I don't know, there might not be, but was there, do you have anything in your head? Yeah, I was in Hawaii and I was staring at this palm fron and the palms really move, they sort of glow and move.


They have a bounciness to them In the wind, and there was a little gecko That was stuck on the underside That was completely upside down. And he was hanging on this palm fron and I thought, how amazing that little dude is just, you know, go bouncing In the wind back and forth. And I thought of the line, we too are made of wonders. We too, Meaning like both Europa and Earth are made of wonders. Yeah. That's where the poem shifted. Then I realized that really the audience was us here on this beautiful planet, and it includes everyone on earth and it also includes plants and animals.


So it needed to be from all of us to all of us. And the eye, me Ada, had to be taken out of it. Hmm. And that's where the poem really reached a momentum where I could follow it through. But I think that what I struggled with the most was how to use a we, to be honest, I am someone that's always been a little suspicious of a we. Hmm. You know, as a Latina, as a woman, there are times where I even think of we, the people, and I think, am I included in that? We, oh, I wanna know if I'm included in that.


We, And that of course is from our constitution. Exactly. And so I think that as a poet, I often don't use we. And so I think the most difficult thing I had to do was actually surrender to the we and remember that, that the, we had to represent everybody and to, and to, to try to include trees and animals and plants. And so I had to really release that idea of the eye and make room for my most communal voice. And That was where the poem took hold, Really took hold.


That poem is now engraved into the spacecraft. And ADA's words are literally touching the cold of space, collecting stardust as they blast toward Jupiter's moon. She did it. She found a way to write a message from all of us here in this water world to Jupiter's water world in under 200 words. All right, well, would you be up for, for reading It? I would be honored In praise of mystery, a poem for your Europa arching under the night sky, inky with black expansiveness.


We point to the planets we know we pin quick wishes on stars from earth. We read the sky as if it is an un airing book of the universe, expert and evident still there are mysteries below our sky. The whale song, the songbird singing its call In the bow of a wind shaken tree. We are creatures of constant awe, curious at beauty, at leaf and blossom at grief and pleasure, sun and shadow.


And it is not darkness that unites us, not the cold distance of space, but the offering of water. Each drop of rain, each rt, each pulse, each vein. Oh second Moon, we too are made of water. A vast and beckoning seas. We too are made of wonders of great and ordinary, lo of small, invisible worlds of a need to call out through the dark.


Do You Feel like a part of you is going to space? I do. I do feel like a part of me is going to space and because I made the poem and the line breaks and the stanza breaks, that you have my own breath in it, the way that I read it, the way that I, you know, made the poem. Hmm. And so in some ways it is my little human breath is going.


So like I said earlier, we made a poster inspired by this episode of Terrestrials. It is beautiful. You can check it out on our website or on Instagram and it can be yours if you go to radiolab.org/join and become a lab member. Like I said, lab members are a critical part of how we fund the show, how we get to do the work that we do. So please considering if you haven't already joining, you get all sorts of stuff, bonus content, ad free episodes, this amazing poster. If you are already a member, a small additional one-time gift will also get you the poster. Now, whether you are a lab member or are about to become one or you know, whatever, you can't afford to do it this time of year, I want to tell you about one more way that you can sort of join our little party here at no cost to you.


Because as some of you might know, we are In the last week of our global contest to name one of earth's quasi moons. A little rocky buddy that'll be with us for the next 600 laps around the sun. We partnered with the official NAMRS of things in space, the International Astronomical Union, and we solicited thousands of names from nearly a hundred countries. We winnowed them down to seven finalists. And now for the next week only you get to choose the one you like best. The name with the most votes will be the official name for this thing in space that will outlive us all. Vote for the name you likeBest@radiolab.org slash moon. But for the end of the year, that's radiolab.org/moon.


It'll take two minutes and you can say you made your mark In the heavens. Our little solar probe journey, by the way, was produced and sound design by Mac Hilty. And of course, the bit of Terrestrials you just heard was produced by the Terrestrials team, Ana Gonzalez, Mira Bert Tonic, and Lulu Miller with help from Tanya Chala, Alan Ksky, Sarah Sandeck, Valentina Powers, and Joe ppl. Fact Checking by Natalie Middleton. You can hear that whole episode of Terrestrials, which is packed full of just gorgeous spacey stuff about Europa. And not to mention questions being asked by adorable children. You can hear that whole episode. It is called an Ocean in Space over on our Kids feed@terrestrialspodcast.org.


That's it for today. That's it for this year. So I will see you in 2025 when we will be diving into the darkest place on the planet. We will be getting high huffing apples and we will be untangling quantum entanglement inside a bird's eyeball. Something to look forward to. Yeah. Happy holidays. Thanks for listening. Catch you next time. Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana. And here are the staff CREDITS. Radiolab was created by Jad Abara and is edited by Soren Wheeler, Ulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts.


Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Presler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz Gutierrez, Matt Kielty, Rebecca lax, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster. Our five checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, my name is Reza. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Cordon and Betsy Moore from Foundation Science Sandbox, S Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation.


Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Loan Foundation.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing unspoken, the new Diamond fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly interwoven in white or yellow, 14 carat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms. Apply.