
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy


UBC's programs. In geographic information systems translate to career growth. GIS jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Oh. wait, you're listening. Okay. All, right? Okay. All. right. you Are listening. Listening to Radiolab lab. Radiolab from WNYC. Yep. Hey, I am Latif Naser. This is Radiolab. A few months back, I got an email from the ever effervescent Wendy Zuckerman, who hosts the podcast Science versus some of you might know it, and she invited me on her show. Now, if you don't know the show, every episode they take a subject could be, I don't know, like intermittent fasting or menopause, or I think they did one on ghosts.


They'll just pick a topic and then they'll dig up all the science they can find on it, and they'll kind of go over it and they'll poke and prod it. How do we know what we know? What are a bunch of myths about this topic that we can bust? And then just in general, they, they try to make some sort of deeper sense of the thing. So, you know, whether to do it or not to do it, or to avoid it, or to be scared of it, or not be scared of it or whatever. Like, it helps you live your life. That's kind of the, the end. So anyway, when Wendy invited me, I was like, of course I'm gonna come on your show. She told me very little of what we were gonna do in advance.


And so I just kind of showed up and I had a blast. It was strange and fun and funny. And I was like, okay, I want to share this with all the Radiolab too. So here it is, an episode of science versus featuring yours truly. Hi, I'm Wendy Zuckerman, and you're listening to Science Verses. Today on the show we pit facts against Today. We are going on a ridiculous journey together today. It's a quest. It's like we are gonna be heroes on this epic adventure.


And at times things might get a little rude, a little naughty, just in case there's kid's listening. But before we go any further, like all heroes journeys, we're gonna need a companion, you know, like Robin to Batman, Sam Wise, Gaji de fro, Baggins Buzz to Woody. And our companion today is a man who has gone on a great many scientific quests. He's traveled the world, put one foot in front of the other. I give you co-host of Radiolab Latif, nasa. Hello. Hi. Thank you for having me. And I'm honored to be the, the Brodo to your Batman or whatever is the This is, I'm, I'm, I'm honored to be here.


So do you wanna know our mission? Yeah. Okay. We are gonna find The Funniest Joke in the World. Wow. That sounds dangerous. Wow. I know, I know it, it sounds dangerous. It sounds big, but I'm gonna keep us safe. I'm gonna keep us safe. Okay. And you might be thinking, why, why are we doing this? Yep. So I wanted to tell you the origin story to this Okay. Hero's journey. Okay. Right. And it, it doesn't get much bigger than this. So the other day I was feeling a little bit sad. I wanted a little pick me up. So I went to Google the world's funniest joke. Right. And you know what? I got What? It was trash.


It was absolute trash. Sure. Like, I'm, I, you know, did you hear about the rancher who had 97 cows in his field? When. he rounded them up. he had a hundred. Oh, That was not even, that's that's real bad. Yeah. That's, It's, I kept, so, I struck That's solemn. Like you could tell that at a funeral. I I was like, this is making me feel worse. So I kept trying different search terms. Yeah. And then I got crap like this, what has many keys, but can't open a single lock What has many keys, but can open a single lock A piano. Yeah. I mean that, that to me, that's not a joke.


That's like a, that's like a riddle. Or like, it makes sense. That's a riddle. It like belongs in Lord of the Rinks. Right. Like, it's like that's not, It's not a joke. It's not a joke. It's not even close to a joke. Yeah. And so I just thought we could do better, you know, using, using research and rigor. You and me, we could do better. Yeah. We could find the best joke In the world. Okay. You know, there are other things that could cheer you up. Like I mean sugar antidepressants a hug. That's true. You know, there's like a lot of other things that you could do, but just, just not to, I'm not judging your life or anything. No, no. That's, do you think Googling the funniest joke probably wasn't like a long-term solution to my Not a long-term solution to your problems. Yeah. That's basically where I'm, where I'm coming from.


But I thought you, you thought it was, it couldn't Hurt. Okay. So to start us off, I wanted to know if it was even possible to find The Funniest Joke in the World. Yes. Right. So I asked a bunch of comedians this very Question. Okay, great. So here are their answers. So this is what us comedian Nita Tarro, Brilliant comedian Yes. Said she Was not optimistic. Do you think we can find this joke? Sure. Over and over and over again, because it's gonna be different opinions. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And Takashi Wakasugi, who's from Japan and agreed with TIG saying, you know, comedy is subjective.


Yeah. People have different opinions. That's why being a comic is so hard. Yeah. And he said, you know, in many ways, telling a joke, it's like having sex. We wanna, we wanna make you feel better. We do always do our best. Right. But sometimes we don't know what you want, what you like. Right. And some people make noise. Right. If you like. And some people don't make noise, even though if they enjoy it. Yeah. This is hard. This is hard. Yeah. It's hard. Right. And then, so I asked my very good friend who's an award-winning comic in Australia, penny Greenhalge. And I, I just like really thought I'd get a supportive answer here. Do you think I can do it? No. No.


Penny. I dunno. I think, I reckon you'll try your hardest. Let's try again. Let's try again. That was good. So Good. I got a second take. Okay. So do you think I can do It, Wendy? I am your friend and as your friend, I'm gonna be honest with you. Yeah. I don't think you will. Mm. With friends like that. Yeah. Lat, I could see your face dropping. Yeah. You know, but I, I just want you to know that some comics were on Team Batman and Frodo team. Wendy and Latif. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, here's what Malaysian comic Dr. Jason Leong said. Okay. Wow. I suppose technically it's possible. I suppose technically it's possible.


That's, that's a ringing endorsement Even had a strategy for us. He said, get a few jokes, get a big enough sample size voting system going across the world. Thought we could do it. Emmy Award winner, Loni Love in fact, had so much optimism for us that she even gave us our first clue. It's just something simple that people usually laugh at. And it it is right there in front of your face, you know? Yeah. It's right there. And it's something that everybody can laugh at. It's funny because like to the, the critique of the premise was this is too complicated, right? Yes. And then, and then this solution for the quest, like is just go simple.


Go simple. Which I think is right. Yeah. I think that's right. Because like, even if there's no such thing as the perfect joke, there is somewhere the joke that more of the 8 billion people on planet Earth will laugh at than any other joke. Do you know what I mean? I think so. I think so. I think it ha Yeah, that's right. Even if everyone In the world doesn't find it funny. It's still, it's still it's help helping lots of people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Put a smile on their face, you know? Yes, Yes. Yeah. There must be something. There's gotta be okay with this enthusiasm, with this, with, with this mindset. Our hunt for The, Funniest Joke in the World begins.


Yeah. And it's coming up just after this break. So this is a little cartoon fly. Oh, here are some fish flops I made for our fish flop episode. I bought a fish and then I like flopped it around. So my name's Jeremy Bloom. I'm a sound designer here at Radiolab. You don't often hear my voice on the show, but sometimes you do. That's me doing a dolphin. You just don't know it. This is a whale sighing. Every time I sound design an episode to Radiolab, I spend hours or days pouring over these teeny little details that go into the sound of our show.


So like, if we're thinking about sound that we want to add to a story, we could just say, oh, it's daytime. I want to hear some birds. But there's so many other things that that can indicate. Like, are they birds after a rainfall? Where are we? What season is it? What time of day is it? At Radiolab, we take sound design as seriously as we treat the facts of our stories, because we know that those sounds matter. There's the sound designer Walter Merch, I really admire, and he talks about how most of us humans have a sense of sound In the womb for three months before we develop any other senses.


So in a way it's our most primordial our our earliest sense, which is maybe why I think sound over the other senses has the potential to kind of like tap into our inner emotional selves. We really tried to draw from that in some way for every story we make. And the whole reason why we do it and why we're able to do it is because of you. Your financial support lets us invest in stories and sounds that nobody else can make. If you rely on Radiolab and the kind of work that we create. One of the best ways to support our work is to become a member of the lab.


The lab is our membership program where you can access exclusive perks and benefits like ad free listening, bonus content, our full archive merch, and so much more. To become a lab member and support Radiolab, go to radiolab.org/join.


Radiolab is supported by LinkedIn as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. If the message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today with LinkedIn ads, you'll have direct access to and be able to build relationships with a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives. Plus, you'll work with a partner who respects the B2B world. You operate in 79% of B2B content marketers said LinkedIn produces the best results for paid media. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/radiolab to claim your credit terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


People buy all sorts of things With Visa, what people buy is their business. But protecting every transaction, that's Visa's business. That's why Visa checks over 500 data points on transactions to help stop fraud before it happens. Over the last five years, visa has invested $11 billion into fraud prevention and network security technology. And last year Visa prevented more than $40 billion in attempted fraud. What you buy is your business protecting how you pay is Visas.


Lot of here with Wendy Zuckerman presenting science verses Welcome back. Today on the show, our biggest challenge yet to find The. Funniest Joke in the World. We're here with Latif Nassa. How. are you feeling about our chances at this point? You know, not, I wouldn't bet for us, but I wouldn't bet against us. That is very ambiguous. That's great. Do you have a joke to enter into our funniest joke competition? It. Okay, so this is the thing that my, my 2-year-old said. Yeah, this is like A few months ago. And it alternately makes me laugh and like, kind of like horrifies me.


Okay. So one day I was going out, he was sitting, he was playing like just by the door. Mm. And I was going out and I was like, okay bud, like I'm going to take out the garbage. And he goes, why don't you take your face That? was it, he like completely roasted me like, no, nothing, nothing before it. Nothing that, that, that Like you just came outta why you Take your nowhere. Why don't you take your face with the garbage? 'cause your face is garbage. Is what he's saying to me. My son, my own son. My own flesh and blood. Yes. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Take your face.


I'll first Entry into the world's funniest joke competition. Okay. But now we have our first scientific guest here and she is gonna set the stakes to tell us how important our quest is. Our quest to find The, Funniest Joke in the World. So meet Sophie Scott. I'm a professor of cognitive neuroscience at University College London. This fancy person as part of her work researchers laughter. And she told me that there is a gaggle or giggle of research out there that shows why laughing matters. So what's curious is that we as humans, we're not the only animals to laugh. Rats do a kind of playful vocalization that is, if you tickle them just right, What you need to do to tickle a rat is you need to tickle 'em on the nappe of the neck.


That's why they're really ticklish. So they're just sort of between the shoulder blades. Primates like chimps do a Do a laugh, Chimpanzees laugh. It, it sounds very like our laughter. It's like a kind of Sound. This is, this is an Actual chip. Laughing. Isn't Her impersonation very Good? She did great. Yeah. Yeah. That was spot on. But even though there are other creatures out there that do a kind of laugh, there are things that are very special about our human laughter. And one of them is this, Humans laugh loud, we laugh to be heard. We broadcast our laughter.


What a weird sort of obnoxious thing. Like for us humans, like we're the loud laughers of the animal kingdom. Like what a weird thing. Like I'm Desperately trying to laugh quietly right now, But like imagine like on Noah's Ark or whatever, it's like we're the ones laughing and everyone else is like, oh God, like we get it. Like you're having fun, we're all Having fun. Just going, That's right. Right. We're just doing it breathy and over here and to ourselves. And you just like really are rubbing it in. Yes, yes. Yeah. But That I mean that is exactly What we think the evolutionary purpose of this is, is to like show that we are laughing at Possibly to get others laughing too, to bring Joy.


Because We are the only animals as far as science knows, that have contagious laughter. So if I start laughing, you are more likely to start laughing. We are way more likely to laugh when other people are around versus when we're alone. Right. And Sophie has found that when it comes to jokes, the power of laughter is so strong that it can turn a terrible joke into a funnier joke. So she actually did this study where she got some jokes. We took real stinkers, like, what's the best day for cooking Friday? Oh yeah. So she, she got these terrible, these stinkers, as she puts it, these terrible jokes. And she found that just by adding a laugh, people would rate these stinkers as funnier.


Huh. And for Sophie, this like all shows that laughter is playing this like really important role in connecting people. So there really is something very basic about the ability of, of laughter perhaps to jump the gaps between humans As if, if we could find a joke to get the whole world laughing, I mean we'd be Nobel Prize winners. Or at least like IG Nobel Prize winners. Yes. Okay. So with that in mind, with the stakes truly set for this quest. Yeah. Yep. Now we've just gotta find this joke. Okay. But where to start? Where to start? I, I kept pottering around on the internet, even though that did not give me the funniest joke, but it did bring me to this fella, Richard Wiseman.


Okay. A professor of psychology at the university at Hertford Shire In the uk. Okay. Notoriously funny university. It's very well known. And it's Shire Shire for our quest. Oh, that's right. Okay, great. Okay. I'm in, I'm in. So In, the early two thousands, Richard was asked to come up with this big science public project. It was for a fancy British science association. And he cannot think of anything. But as he's walking through the doors of the meeting, This idea just popped into my head, which was the search for the world's funniest joke. Twinsies Twinsies, And That was my pitch. I simply sat down and said, we're gonna search the world's funniest joke.


And they went, that's a great idea, let's do that. Which I didn't expect them to say, to be honest. This is, well this is quite funny because, so I explained our situation, our Situation. of course I pitched my editor that we are gonna find the world's funniest joke and I didn't know how to do this. I mean. Now all we have, I guess is some like crappy joke about pianos and keys, you know? But that's not funny. No, that's not The Funniest Joke in the World. Wouldn't it be sad if That was The Funniest Joke in the World if everyone went, oh my God. It's the piano joke. We love that. Exactly. So, exactly. Well, the experience that you had pitching to editor was the one that I had all those years ago. Yes. So I go back to the team at the University of Hartford cheer, I say, we're gonna find the world's funniest joke.


And they went great, how are we gonna do that? And I said, I've got no idea. I didn't get that far. In the pitch. We've got nothing, basically. Okay. Very relatable. I like this guy a lot. Although I have no idea what he's gonna Do next. Okay. Well then they come up with a plan, a radical plan. Okay. Radical. For the two thousands, We decided people would come onto the internet, the newly formed internet, they would, they would type in their favorite joke and submit it and they would rate the joke submitted by others. Aha. And, and, and nowadays you go, well of course you could do that. You could do it with people all over the world. But back then there wasn't a way of collecting data by the web. Mm.


Right. So Richard's team actually has to develop a website from scratch that could do all this. Where people could come online, submit jokes, or they'd be given different jokes, and then they would rate how funny they are. So they get this website done, and now they just need to get some publicity because this whole experiment is hinging on lots of people going onto the website, like a big enough sample size to submit jokes and rate them. Right. But it turns out getting publicity was not a problem. 'cause once news outlets around the world found out about this competition, they lapped it up And it goes viral. It goes all over the world that scientists are searching for the world's funniest joke.


What makes one person laugh could make them next person, person cringe. The search is now on to find the world's funniest joke. There was a lot of pressure. There was a lot of pressure. My goodness's gonna find the world's funniest joke. And so people rated the jokes on a gigo meter. Yeah, well we, we refer to it as a giga ter A gig ter gig ter Giga ter. And it was very scientific. It had five ratings on it from not very funny, which would be the, the piano joke would be not very funny through to moderately funny. And then on to absolutely hilarious. Okay. So the ranking is one to five. Okay. It's totally working. People are coming onto the site. Yeah. In droves.


Great. In fact, very early on people start putting dirty jokes onto the website. of course. Okay. But then Richard, like, And you have to be okay with that. No, he's Not. No. So in this experiment, they actually removed the dirty jokes. 'cause this was a big family experiment. Okay. Unlike okay, science versus, okay. Oh, oh, got it. So you're doing, you're doing all the all the way, all the jokes We could do all Yeah. But Richard removes, removes the rude jokes. Okay. But then as the competition is trucking along, yeah. One day Richard checks in with the team and he sees this joke that would send him and now us on a rather interesting path, almost like the endless stairs to cross into Moreor.


Okay. Okay. So here's the joke. Two cows In the field, one turns to the other and says Mo. And the other one says, I was gonna say that. Not bad, Not bad. Old old joke. Not bad old joke. That's probably a, a two or a three on the gig kilometer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would agree that's two or three. So Clearly that's not gonna be the winner of either Richard's competition or ours. But it did make Richard think, wait a sec, could we do an experiment within an experiment? Huh? So Richard wonders like, what if we tried out different versions of this cow joke by switching up the animals? And could this tell us something deeper about why one joke is funny and one joke isn't? Oh, yeah. So You could have two lions. One turns the other in roars, and the other says I was gonna say that.


Less funny. That's less funny. Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. Okay. Okay. So other ones they tried two birds going cheap, cheap. Two ducks, one says quack, then there's two dogs. B puff. I was gonna say that. No, that's not funny. No. Maybe that's funny. Maybe that's funny. But not because of the noise, but because dogs are so relatable. Mm. Okay. So, so Richard puts a bunch of these jokes into the database. When people come on, they might be randomly given one of those jokes. Oh. So which, which do you think is the funniest Quack? Quack. Yes. It Was That was the winner. Damn. Okay. Two ducks. One says quack, and the other one says, I was gonna say that.


So The big question is, why is duck quacking so funny? Okay. And why? And it turned out the ducks and quack are funny words. Yes. And so what is it about duck and quack? Why are they funny? Right. And the answer lies in this fabulously named paper, Wrigley Squiffy, LUS and Boobs. What makes some words funny? Nice. And here's what they did. They used this survey data where hundreds of people had been asked to rate the funniness of thousands of English words and they used basically the equivalent of the gig kilometer. So you wanna play? Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Juju.


Juju is funny. Yeah. Juju. Chauffeur. Chauffeur. Chauffeur. Not funny. Orgy. Orgy. Not funny. Holder. Holder. Holder. Not funny. Holder is the least funny word you said. That makes me laugh so much. It's such a dumb thing to Ask. No. 'cause holder is so functional. Yeah, Yeah, it is. And you know, you basically pick the right order. So of the words I gave you, juju was ranked as the, the highest, the funniest word, then orgy, which in this study it was actually considered pretty funny.


Chauffeur came after that and Holder not funny at all. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So the researchers then poured over this dataset to create an algorithm for funny words that they then applied to more than 45,000 English words. And I actually have the Excel spreadsheet right here if you wanna Oh, wow. Throw out Any words. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm almost more curious, what are the words at the very bottom of the list? Okay. Very interestingly, I, the least funny word, according To this funny word Study is harassment. Harassment.


That, and It, That makes me wanna make a joke where the punchline is harassment, doesn't it? I know, right? Yeah. So the researchers like really swam in that data to try and see patents as to what is funny and what is not. And one thing that really came up is that certain sounds are funny, Like Yeah. K, anything with a hard K. So clown and duck and quack, duck and quack. Both of them have a K. Right. And, and it's funny because this comedy K, so you, there's an episode of The Simpsons about it. Like, comedians know about this. Yeah. There's a, a 30 rock has a joke about it.


Oh really? Last year Jenna accused me of trying to destroy her because her lines didn't have any K sounds, which she thinks is the funniest sound. Oh my God. My cousin Carl crashed his car and now he's in a coma at the Kendall Clinic. That was good. Now, as far as I could tell, no one has repeated this experiment in a non-English language. Mm. And because we're looking for The Funniest Joke in the World. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I wanted to ask comics about Yeah. This in other languages. So we, we are kind of stuck with anecdotes unfortunately, but Right. I asked Egyptian comic Mohammed Magdi, what is a funny word in Arabic. Oh, great.


And this is what he said. I think the word for shell, like the shell that you find on the beach is quite funny. It's called Kaka. Kaka. Yeah. Yeah. So if you just Two Ks. Yeah. Two Ks. There you go. Actually, you're right. Oh my God. Science does work. What So other sounds in English that are Funny. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh. Ooh. Sounds so like, like booby Whoop, booby. Yeah, sure. As well as words ending in Y and L. So like giggle and waddle are also funny. Yeah. Huh. As a, as a general rule, letters and sounds that aren't very common tend to rate as funnier.


So cur sound is pretty rare. And also, like, if you have this like, weird collection of sounds in a word that tends to to be funny. So I talked about this with comedian Tig Nataro. So yeah, we were talking about funny words and she said a co-host on her podcast Handsome said this one day Bulbus frog. And I couldn't move on. I said, I'm sorry, we have to go back. What do you, what do you mean a bulbus frog? I'll also, the delivery the, of this word, it kept ha like, yes, In the bulbous frog. And it was so bulbous and I was like, stop saying that word. Like it, it made me sick to my stomach, but I also recognized it as a funny word.


Yes. And according to the Wrigley Squiffy paper, bulbus does rank pretty Early. Oh right. Huh. Yeah. So I kept looking for clues in other languages as to what words might be funny. So smart. So smart. So I talked to Indian Comic Ruj, fuck about this. She won the best newcomer at Edinburgh last year. Ooh. She speaks Hindi, she's performed all over India. And she told me that there are a few words that often get a laugh. There's this word called chinley, which is, yeah, that's very funny. It's really funny. It's a chinley. Chinley. It's a place. It's a place. Chin, Bley Chinley. And every time someone says it, it does have a K. Right. Chin pley. Yes. You, you're right.


But that's not why it's funny, Right? I don't, maybe it's, it's the chin. Yes. Is it's, it's so thin. And then the pokey is so wide and you're like, why, why'd you put that together? Judge Barkley. Judge Barkley. Judge Barkley. Judge Barkley. Right. Oh, so good. Satisfying. It's A neighborhood In Mumbai. Now what makes words funny? Is it just their sounds, it's also their meanings. So in English, the study found that rude words, words about body parts and bodily functions. Insult words also rate as funny. Right. So this thing with insulting words being funny, it seems to track in India too. Mm. So Rouge told me about about one more.


Okay. And we, we we're about to get a little bit rude here. Great. Is ooh funny in India. Oh, it's funny. I think goo is funny. Goo. Oh my God. The word goo is so funny. And goo basically means shit. And so the each shit in Hindi is gah gah. And that usually gets a laugh. So after the break, We're gonna hear the winner of Richard's experiment. And will we find The Funniest Joke in the World? Who Knows? Who knows. Could go either way. Could go either way. Here


Radiolab is supported by LinkedIn as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. If the message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Who LinkedIn's targeting capabilities. You can reach them by job title, industry company, and more. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today with LinkedIn ads, you'll have direct access to and be able to build relationships with a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives. Plus, you'll work with a partner who respects the B2B world. You operate in 79% of B2B content marketers said LinkedIn produces the best results for paid media. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/radiolab to claim your credit terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn. The place to be to be


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.


Hi, I'm Alexis Ohanian. You may know me as one of the co-founders of Reddit, but more recently, a large part of my identity is being a father to my wonderful daughters in my podcast business. Dad, I hope to open the conversation about working parents a bit. You'll get to hear from a wide range of business dads from Rain Wilson and Guy Raz to Todd Carmichael and Shane Batier to find out how they balance being a dad with a successful career. Business. Dad is available now, so be sure to listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts.


We're back on our grand quest to find The Funniest Joke in the World. I'm your dungeon master and my paladin is Latif nasa. Hello. Hi. So as we're on this journey for The Funniest Joke in the World. Yeah. One potential hiccup in our plan is if different countries and cultures have vastly different senses of humor. Hmm. And this is something you hear talked about, like even when I was living in New York, people would like to talk about how Australians have such a different sense of humor to Americans. And so I looked into the research on this, right? And, and one big study published a few years ago that had done surveys of on 28 countries, you know, thousands and thousands of people.


And they did find like people from Indonesia and Japan tended to use self disparaging humor. So making fun of themselves while Russia and Estonia scored high on aggressive humor that might involve belittling or teasing others. So there are some differences. Yeah. But the thing is, for all these like Gulfs that scientific papers like to highlight, right. The research paper ultimately concluded that there are quote more similarities than differences across the countries. Yeah. Yeah. I believe that. I believe that. Yeah. I think that's right. Yeah. Yeah. And and some of the comedians that I spoke to about, you know, finding The Funniest Joke in the World said that as long as we make sure our joke isn't, it doesn't have like very specific cultural references in it.


Like talking about the politics of a specific country or town or whatever. Yeah. As long as we stick to universal themes, sex, bodily fluids, family dynamics, like we're gonna up our chances of finding this joke. But Which is why bodies are so, yeah. Bodies work bodies, animals. Yeah. I like that. I like that. So now let's fast forward. Okay. To the end of Richard Wiseman's experiment, a year has passed. He's gotten 40,000 jokes, hundreds of thousands of ratings from 70 countries. And Richard told me that by the end of the experiment it was really clear that this competition was Over.


You could see the same jokes coming in again and again. If I read what's brown and Sticky A stick. Oh yeah. If I read that one more time every morning three or four people had put that in. How was it? Did it rate Well? No, no, no, no. It was always down there with pianos. It, it was So, It never did Well. And funnily enough, 20 years later we did a call out on social media and this brown and sticky joke Came up over and over again. Wow. Okay. So Latif, are you ready to hear the winner of Richard's Yes. Competition? Yes. Yes, yes, Yes. Do you wanna do a little drum roll by the way?


I just fill Oh, sure. Bing. There are two hunters outta In the woods. One of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing, his eyes are glazed. His friend whips out, his phone calls the emergency services, he says, my friend is dead, what can I do? The operator says, calm down, I can help first let's make certain he's dead. There's a silence, then a gunshot. And then the guy's back on the phone. He says, okay, now what? That was good. That was good. I liked it. So I told it to a bunch of our comedians.


Okay. Two Rather mixed reviews. Okay, okay. Okay. Let's hear it. That's a, that's a great joke. Just dumb. Yeah. Yeah. That's the winner. Really? Really? If you had to like a plus funniest joke. In the world FA bad joke. What are you rating It? I will give it. I will, I will give it a passing grip. It passes as a joke. Wow. It passes as a joke. Like that's where it gets you Were aware that it's a Joke. It's a joke. Well done. But try harder. You know what I Mean? That last harsh critique is comedian Jason Leong. I was on his side. So when Richard first told me this hunter joke, this was my reaction.


What? How is that The Funniest Joke in the World. Oh wow. W Why did you, You didn't mind it. You don't mind it? I didn't mind it. I mean maybe I'm a cheap laugh. It's kind of wholesome even though it's about death. Murder. It's like a wholesome murder joke. You know? It, it Funny. Well I asked him, I asked Richard what, what he thought about it. What did You feel, how did you feel when your colleagues came to you and were like, this is the winner. And you read that. What went through your mind? Horror. Because I knew I would have to go on radio and television and tell that joke as the world's funniest joke.


And I knew it wasn't funny and it was just, we must have done 50 interviews that that year when that that came out. And each time you sort of grind through, it's a long joke as well. It's not a short joke. You grind through this joke knowing it's not funny. Having just told everyone that you found the world's funniest joke. It was living hell. I, after a while I just refused to tell it. But, but what's funny is that like, even though it didn't make me laugh and Richard doesn't really like it, like when you look at the scientific theories of humor, this hunter joke actually ticks a lot of boxes. Mm. Okay. So let's take a look at these scientific theories of humor.


Okay, great. One of the biggest theories of humor is that you need a surprise. So perhaps something incongruous. So here's comedian Loni Love on this. It's something that you didn't expect. That's what makes you laugh because your mind is thinking one way and you go a whole nother corner or avenue. That is what makes people laugh. And that's the science of the joke. So Richard gave me an example of this, which I actually quite like as a joke. Okay. Two fish and a tank. One turns to the other and says, do you know how to drive this? Love it. Love it. And so we have fish and a tank.


We think it's a a fish tank. And then we find out they're In. the army tank that's in Congress. It surprises us. We laugh. So one paper called this Conceptual Bifurcation, which is that moment where you realize that something that you thought belonged to just one category. A tank is something that only a fish would hang out in, actually belongs to two categories, an army tank two. Haha. And so the hunter joke obviously has this as well. The moment you realize first let's make certain he's dead, actually has two meanings. And then it's a a funny surprise, right? That was a funny joke. Yeah. Also conceptual bifurcation. I feel like both of those words would rank very low on your spreadsheet.


Yes. That's like a very unfunny, that's like the un funniest phrase you could find to describe a joke. Yeah. Joke. It's like barely above Harassment, right? Yeah, yeah. Completely. Studies Have actually put people into brain scanners and presented them with jokes and found that certain areas associated with language get really, really excited when we hear these kinds of jokes. Which makes a lot of sense because there's a lot of brain work involved in putting these two concepts together for that beautiful aha moment. Right, right. Adam Conover of most famously, Adam ruins everything so great. He's also standup and he says that this surprise can come in different forms.


So it doesn't have to be that you were expecting a joke to go in one direction and then it goes somewhere else. It could be that someone explains something in a way that you never thought of before. My own personal theory that I use to write jokes is that something is funny when a truth is combined with a surprise. When people have a shock of recognition that they did not expect. So you know, the very classic joke is, you know, a piece of observational comedy. You know, have you ever noticed that air airplane food is X, whatever it is. Right? And if you have in fact noticed that, but no one has ever said that to you before, then you will likely laugh. Right.


But surprise can't explain everything about comedy because things could be surprising and not funny at all. And on the flip side, researchers found that even when there is no surprise, like in some studies people have been told a joke before or even if they're asked like, can you predict the punchline of this joke? People still find it funny and sometimes even funnier. Hmm. And I told Tig Nataro the hunter joke, it was kind of funny 'cause this was her reaction. Saw it coming, still found it amusing. Oh yeah. So if there's more to a zinger than surprise, what else have we got? Superiority theory. Yeah. So here's, here's Richard on that.


A laugh is a kind of cry of superiority. You made somebody else look silly or put them down and that you are going, yes, I'm better than them. That's so depressing actually. That's like a very depressing it. It's A very depressing form. And it does explain some jokes because like in, in so many cultures there are these jokes about what some researchers call like the full towns. Yeah. So, or full places like, so in Australia, if you start a joke with like two Tasmanians walk into a bar. Got it. In Canada it's new Finlanders. Yeah, yeah. Right. So In the uk, maybe they make fun of the Irish in Ireland. Maybe they make fun of the Kerryman in France, the Belgians.


Right. And it goes beyond time. So I was reading about this paper that said in ancient Greece it was Abera, the town of Abera. You know, The two, of course the two abs of course Abera to walk into a virus. Sure. And and when It comes to the hunter joke, you could argue we feel superior to the stupid hunter. It Just does make us feel so petty. Like we're just like so petty and insecure. Like we need something to feel bigger than Yeah. I really don't, I'm, I really don't think that's why I'm laughing at a lot of jokes. And it has been criticized a little bit recently. I mean, I'm not saying I'm not petty and insecure, but I like to think there's more to it than that.


I think So too. So then this last scientific theory of humor I wanna walk through just quickly is that, is that a lot of humor is triggered by these potentially threatening or bad situations. And then we laugh to release tension. So the hunter joke ticks that off. Yeah. It's like, oh, there's a little bubble of tension here. Pop it. Like, okay great. We're good. We're good. Right? Yes. And even though there's not a lot of studies testing this theory of humor, Richard said that just from reading like thousands of jokes in his experiment, it seemed to sort of be at the heart of why a lot of them were funny. It's not chance that a lot of jokes involve people experiencing stuff that makes us worried. Yeah. Right. And then as like as an interesting tidbit, more recently researchers have kind of added to this saying that you can't just have tension or what they call a violation.


They say you ultimately need to feel safe. So the violation in a joke has to be benign. It's called the benign violation theory. And if you think of like a classic, funniest home video show where someone falls on their face that's like a violation. It's a bit dangerous, but then it's safe. Like the person got up was fine and like for some reason sent their snafu to like a nineties TV channel. Right. But if they, if they didn't get up and they just like, were dead. Yeah. Right. That's not funny. We're not while laughing at that anymore. So to go Back to like the hunter joke just for a second, right. Even though it ticks these scientific box boxes like we talked about, it's not funny. And so I thought, or to me any, oh, I don't know. It's, it can't be the funniest.


Yes, that's fair. Fair. It can't Be the funniest. It's not the funniest. It's Not the funniest. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And, and so I asked Richard like, like he his experiment, you know, it did the right thing. They got the sample size, they asked people, you know, many countries around the world like, so what went wrong? And here's what he said. It was the joke that most people didn't hate. It's so you can look at any one group, you can look at men or women or young or old or Canadians. And there was always a joke that they thought was much, much funnier. But when you pulled the data, you got the average and that's the average. It's the average joke is the kind of like Yes. Right. No, I think, I think what I've learned from ta, from talking to you, nothing You've learned nothing. Nothing Is that, yeah.


Where you went wrong was asking thousands and thousands of people for their opinion, Opinion. Where were went wrong was starting that. That wow. That little downhill from there. All. Right. So Ladi, of all of the jokes that You've heard today, have we found your favorite? I'm very happy with Take your face. I still think that one is pretty good. I'm going to take out the garbage.


Take your face. The answer was hiding within us all along. Yeah. We found your joke. We fulfilled our quest. Yeah. Thank you very much. Thank you For coming on the show. Thank you. I feel lighter. This episode was produced by me, Wendy Zuckerman, with help from Michelle Dang. Joel Werner, rose Rimer and Meryl Horne were edited by Blythe Terrell. Back Checking by Sarah B. Mix and Sound Design by Bobby Lord.


Music written by Peter Leonard, Boomie Hika, Emma Munger. So Wiley and Bobby. Lord, a huge thanks to all of the researchers that we spoke to, including Dr. Andrew Farkas, professor Penny McDonald, Dr. Maggie Pranger, and a huge thank you to Professor Chris Westbury for sharing your amazing spreadsheet of the funniest words. Another big thanks to Lindsay Farber, role care boss, Lauren Du Dee, Andrea Jones, Roy, and the other comics that we spoke to at the joke lab. And in fact all of the comics that we spoke to and couldn't fit into this episode. We really, really appreciate you and your time. Thanks to Ben Milam, the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, stupid old studios, Paige Sey, the Zuckerman family, and Joseph Lavelle Wilson.


On the radio lab side, we just wanna say a big thank you to Wendy Zuckerman and everyone at the science versus team, including former Radiolab Ache, foster Keys. Thank you for having me on. Thank you for letting us share this episode. We will be back next week. And until then, my friends, I wish you luck, finding ways to keep laughing. Have a good week. Hi, I'm David and I'm from Baltimore, Maryland. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Sorin Wheeler.


Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Blum, Becca Bressler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Poz, Gutierrez Sindu, Nu Sam, Bandon, Mac Kte, Annie McEwen, Rebecca Lax, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster. Our fact-Checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, am Erica in Yonkers Leadership's report for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.


Science Sandbox Assignments Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Sloan Foundation


Morning people wake up for peace and quiet McDonald's breakfast people. We wake up for the sweet rush of getting that warm, delicious breakfast right before it ends. Crush your morning goals with a steak, egg and cheese bagel, or any breakfast sandwich and snag another one for just a buck with a buy one get one deal. Only In the McDonald's app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid ones per day must opt into rewards.


There's a lot going on right now. Mounting economic inequality, threats to Democracy, environmental disaster, the Sour Stench of Chaos, In the Air. I'm Brooke Gladstone, host of WNYC's on the media. Want to understand the reasons and the meanings of the narratives that led us here, and maybe how to head them off at the pass that's on the media specialty. Take a listen wherever you get your podcasts.