
Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Hey, you beautiful listeners. It's Latif and Lulu Summer is officially here and we have a brand new series out Swimming with Shadows, a Radiolab week of Shark five brand new episodes, all about sharks. And to tempt you into the waters of supporting Radiolab by joining our membership program, the Lab, we have a brand new piece of very sharky merch. It is a baseball hat designed by the illustrator Tie Williams. And not only is it gorgeous, it will protect you from the thing at the beach. That is actually way more dangerous than Sharks Seagulls, no volleyballs, paparazzi, Sunshine. Okay.


Alright. When you join the lab, you will also get access to our entire back catalog with over 20 years of episodes completely ad free. Plus you get access to bonus content and other special perks. Membership starts at just $7 a month. Go to radiolab.org/join to look at the hat and see if supporting Radiolab is for you. That's radiolab.org/join. Hey, This is Radiolab. I'm Latif Nasser. And ever since I came to this country, the United States and became a citizen here, one thing you notice is that everyone is always arguing about who gets to decide.


There's this constant power play in this country between the federal government and the state governments. And it's like no matter what issue you are looking at, whether it's immigration or climate change, or AI regulation, or you know, a million other things, somehow there's this question of who gets to decide who gets power over what. And honestly, I just get so tired of that conversation. It feels super important. It's obviously very high stakes, but it can get so tedious and technical and it just makes your eyes glaze over. So today I wanna play for you a story that when I first heard it, it, it just made that question pop out at me in a completely different way.


It made that question actually interesting and it told it in a way That was actually a little bit scandalous. We, we originally released this episode back in 2013. I'm excited for you to hear it or rehear it. The episode is called Sex Ducks and the Founding Feud. Enjoy. Yeah. Wait, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab from WNYC. See Green Rewind. Today on the podcast, Robert, we're gonna talk constitutional law, federalism and, and the intricacies of international treaty practice.


Ho Oh God. You ready? No, no, no, no. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be good because I have help. Hey Guys. Hi Kelsey. Hello, Kelsey Paget has reported this segment and just listen to how it starts. So this story starts with a betrayed spouse. Oh, you see, Oh, it's much better. I'm coming back to my seat. Get A popcorn. My name's Duncan Hollis. He's not the betrayed spouse. Nope. I'm a professor of international law here at Temple University in Philadelphia. And I'm Nick Rosencranz And not him either. I'm a professor of law at Georgetown. I'm also a senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute.


So Mrs. Bond, That's her, that's our betrayed spouse, Carol Bond, 36, Lives in a suburb of Philly, Discovered that her husband was having an affair with her neighbor. Actually it was worse than that. This woman is her best friend. Not only that, She finds out that her friend is pregnant via her husband. He got Her pregnant. Oh my God. Yeah. And this is her best friend and her husband of 14 Years. You know, she was quite upset, distraught, Enraged, I would imagine. Yeah. Carol made threats. There were confrontations. The other woman is named Melinda Haynes, by the way. And eventually Carol Ann Bond, She did what anyone would do.


She got a bunch of toxic chemicals and I do it all the time. And she tried to poison her best friend repeatedly. Oh the, back up for a second. Where would she have gotten the chemicals from? She Worked, I believe, at a lab. She works For a chemical company. I, I think it's Roman Haas. So She's a biochemist. She's actually a microbiologist, but she grabs some chemicals from her office. I think She also orders them off the internet, Amazon.com. But they're pretty serious chemicals. Like What? Well, one was arsenic Based and in large enough doses. And when I say large doses, I'm talking teaspoons, not gallons. It can, you know, cause serious injury and can be fatal. So Anyway, she took these chemicals, she went over to her best friend's or will her former best friend's house And she spread them on the doorknob and on the mailbox, The door to her car.


And they're visible, I guess. I guess you can see them. So the Best friend is in Fooled. Nope. She calls actually the local police. The local police tell her to take her car to a car wash. They said, oh it, you know, it could be drugs, we'll get the car washed off. They kind of just blow her off. But it keeps happening over, over the course of like half a year. This happens 24 times, 24 powder attacks According to the court briefs. You know, the police were just not being very responsive. She called them over a dozen times and they tested it to see if it was cocaine. But once they figured out it wasn't, they didn't really do anything. So finally she tells the post office, And it was the post office that actually sent out postal inspectors and they set up a hidden camera And they videotaped Carol Ann Bond in the act.


They get it on tape. That's how they identify her as the person putting the chemicals, you know, on the mailbox. I didn't know the post office did stuff like that. I did, to be honest, I didn't either. That's so I think of them so differently Now. Yes. And I, I think if there's a moral to the story, it is do not mess with the mails. They take that, they take that very seriously. Actually, there's a whole lot more going on than just messing with the mail 'cause of what happens next. So according to Nick Rosen Krantz, generally things like assaulter, attempted murder, Those are state crimes In most circumstances. The federal government can't charge you with murder. The post office, that's a federal institution.


So when they caught Carol Ann Bond, they kicked this up to the federal attorney who then Went ahead and brought a federal case. And here's the thing, they ended up charging Carol Ann Bond with violating the International Chemical Weapons Treaty. What? We should be clear, the victim got a tiny thumb burn and ran cold water on it and was fine. So this is, we're not, this is, didn't know that this is not murder that he took. Well, that Makes this all the more Odd, very odd. When I poison someone, I'm, the last thing I'm thinking about is violating an international treaty. We should never have you over for lunch. Well, but no, really, why would they charge you with that?


I don't understand. Well, if you actually read the treaty, The statute simply says that it's a crime to use a toxic chemical for other than a peaceful purpose. That's the exact language. And that guy that, that's John Bellinger, I served as the legal advisor for the Department of State under Secretary Condoleezza Rice. And John says that even though it sounds a little weird, this is exactly what this treaty was meant for, for people using chemicals, Highly toxic chemicals For non peaceful purposes. Exactly right. And that's what Happened here. Imagine if she had killed a bunch of postal workers, then I Don't think anybody would complain. But the charger with an international treaty violation, it just seems, it seems too big for the little lady. It was really odd to her lawyers too.


I bet. They're like, look, in the Constitution, you have light out what the federal government could do. This is not one of those things. You can't just take a treaty and use it to reach into the very local life of a normal person. That's a huge overreach. Sneaky, frankly. And now this case is before the Supreme Court boom. And it's become an ideological battle that goes way beyond Carol Ann Bond, her cheating husband Or her adulterous best friend. And I would argue that this case, as weird as it is, raises some really important issues about how the world is changing and about one of the most fundamental questions that is at the heart of America. I, IIII really believe that.


Well, You have to defend that position. What Do you, what do you mean? Let me take you back to the beginning. Okay, sure. My name is Joseph Jay Ellis. I am a historian. I've written a book called Founding Brothers. And my most recent book is called, what's it called? Revolutionary Summer. You are A modest man. So Joseph Ellis has written a, he's pulled surprise wheeling author's, written a bunch of books about the founding of our country, the Revolutionary War. And there is a scene in one of his books, A book called American Creation, didn't sell as many as Founding Brothers, But doesn't matter to me. 'cause it has this one passage that when I read it, I was like, wow, I've never thought of this country that way.


But to sets the scene, it's, You wanna be real specific. It's September, September, 1787. Philadelphia, You know, it, it's Abominably Hot. Get all these great men crammed into a state house. I mean, George Washington, this guy Is a stud, Six foot three war hero. This guy is Overwhelming. Alexander Hamilton was there, Hamilton, he would've got the highest grades on the LSATs. I'm telling you, this guy was really smart. Even Ben Franklin. Yeah. Who's pushing 81 at this point? Franklin's there. Oh, they all came together to try and figure out like, how do we do this? Like, if you think about it, it was a puzzle because you've got these 13 colonies, which are really like sovereign nations.


They, they, they were loosely organized into a federation That was about to go bankrupt. So they had to do something. So they're like, okay, let's bring 'em together into a union. But how do we do that without a king? It was a crazy experiment. Well, I mean, one thing you gotta realize that at that time in American history, the average person was born, lived out his or her life and died within a 30 mile radius. Wow. They don't have cell phones and they don't think about themselves as Americans. They thought of themselves as Pennsylvanian, south Carolinians, Bostonians. There is No real national ethos. So that's one problem. Second problem, the founding fathers could not agree, could not agree on the most basic question if there's not a king who's in charge.


Right? The so-called sovereignty question. And on the one hand, you had a guy like Alexander Hamilton who got up there and was like, why do we even need states? What's the state? All right. What we need is a federal government that is big and strong and Powerful. That's Hamilton baby. Hamilton wants a president elected for life. Hamilton wants a senator elected for Life. On the other hand, you had the Thomas Jefferson School of Thought, which is like, no, no, we just got out of a monarchy for Christ's sake. And the only way we're not gonna get back in one is if we keep the government small restricted, and All domestic policy belongs in the hands of the states. Sound familiar? Jefferson likes anything in which the government's not gonna be doing much. So you had these two very different philosophies.


And the way Joe, Joe sees it, If you let Jefferson have total power, we'll end up at anarchy. If you let Hamilton have total power, you're gonna end up with a totalitarian state. At the convention, the two sites went back and forth and anytime a Hamiltonian type proposal hit the floor, some of the states would say, oh no. And they chewed it down. 'cause they did not want some big government telling them what to do, especially when the 800 pound gorilla in the room was slavery. So they couldn't agree at all. And into this mess walks our hero, James Madison. Madison, you know, like Madison's 5 2 1 20 Madison. He's the kind of guy that, you know, stands in the corners during a dance.


He's, he would call him a nerd, Madison, Or you might call him a pragmatist. Madison wants a clear decision about sovereignty. Yeah. Like for example, on local matters, who gets the final, say the states or the federal government just gimme some clarity and He's not gonna get it. And he comes to that realization at the very end, Because at the end of the convention, they have this document. I mean, he wrote the original blueprint. Now there's this new document, so riddled with compromises that according to Joe, the basic question he wanted answered wasn't the who's in charge question was left kind of vague on all sorts of matters. I mean, who regulates money in banks?


Who gets to tax? What, who decides whether new states will be slave states or free states? It was vague. And initially, according to Joe in a letter that Madison wrote to Thomas Jefferson, he's like, come on, He's very disappointed. He thinks the document's gonna fail and the country's gonna fail. He doesn't think this is going to last. But then Joe says, in his writings, you start to see a shift, He starts to think differently. He starts to say, oh yeah, Wait a Second, this, this could work precisely because it's unclear. And we found what he calls a middle station where Everyone can see what they wanna see. I mean, people come outta the convention, go back to their states, and the guy in South Carolina says, don't worry about slavery.


The 10th Amendment's gonna tell us that they can't do that. The guy in Pennsylvanian says, it's just a matter of time before we end slavery. The Constitution becomes successful because the people don't agree on what it means. That according to Joe, was Madison's epiphany That the Constitution isn't a set of answers, it's a framework for argument. This is a document which allows us to continue to discuss and debate the core issues that we face, the powers of the presidency. The sovereignty question, the real resolution of the sovereignty question is never, is, never achieved. And, and it, it eventually leads to the Civil War.


What I find kind of neat about this is that, like that argument that happens in modern politics all the time about state's rights or the size of the government, which can feel like a random argument for me at times, suddenly to know this. I mean, if you buy what Joe's saying, it's not random at all. This is an argument That was actually literally written into our founding document. In some sense, we as a country are the product of that argument. Of course Not everybody agrees with Joseph Ellis. There are people who, who think that the founding fathers had a very specific thing in mind. And if you just go back to their debates and to what they said to each other that you can find the real only deep logic for the Constitution We did.


But they, the fact that they disagree with Joe in some sense. Doesn't that kind of make Joe's point that you can read this document in 10 different Ways? Yes. Everyone always argues. Always Yes. No, just to pick up the thread. I mean, after the Civil War, the argument changes, it gets centered. But the union is still an experiment. Yeah. Massachusetts can still do their business differently than Colorado, differently than Vermont. And the jostling between the federal government and the state government doesn't end. It just gets a little quieter. Thank heavens. Because you Don't wanna, unless You're a duck Ducks right after this break,


Radiolab is supported by Smalls Cat food. Is your cat having digestive issues or simply in need of a diet upgrade? Smalls cat food is full of protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients you'd find in your fridge. And it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com named Smalls their best overall cat Food Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food in small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the US and teamed up with the humane world for animals. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free, which means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your sweet cat the food they deserve. For a limited time only you can get 60% off your first Smalls order, plus free shipping by using the code Radiolab. That's 60% off when you head to smalls.com and use promo code Radiolab


Maroo Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing, the paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


As the day wraps up, get the scoop on what's been happening with here's the scoop, a new podcast from NBC News with meet your host Yasmin Ian, along with Morgan Chesky and Brian Chung. We'll take a deep dive into the day's top stories with NBC News's trusted journalists. It's a fresh take that's sharp, thoughtful, and it's informative, bringing you closer to the headlines and conversations that are shaping our world. From the front page to the zeitgeist, all in 15 minutes or less, here's the scoop from NBC News. Listen daily, wherever you get your podcasts.


Just before the break, we were talking about how this whole country, the experiment that is the United States of America, has left us jostling between the federal government and the state governments. And Kelsey Paget is about to tell us what all that has to do with ducks. So it's spring of 1919, rural Missouri. You've got Frank McAllister, the Attorney General of Missouri. He's out there with a bunch of friends and they're pointing their guns at the sky and shooting ducks one after another after another. And they end up shooting all in all 76.


He knows he can do this because, you know, he's the attorney general of the state. He knows all the laws of the state and he knows it's his right to shoot whatever duck is flying in the sky of Missouri. It's the state law that you, that's the state law. You can shoot the ducks. So they're out there having, they're having this great time, they're having this great hall, they've gotten all these ducks, and then outta nowhere, Ray hauling the federal game warden shows up and he says, no, you, you can't do this. You can't chew these birds. They're not your property with callister. Says you, you're wrong. This is a matter for the state. You know, it's our sovereignty. We never gave this over to the federal government. So He must have been like, I don't think the federal government has anything to say to me able to abducted it was born here. At least I looked, I found it in the sky here, I shot it here, it died here, and I'm going to eat it here.


So this is my duck. But the game warden says, no, it's not your duck. And he rests them all setting up a landmark confrontation. Because here's what had happened two years earlier, the administration of Woodrow Wilson was sitting there ringing their hands thinking all these people are killing birds at like a nonstop pace. And if this didn't stop, You know, there was some concern at this period that we were gonna, you know, we were gonna hunt these things to extinction. You know, we might not have any migratory birds at all. The problem is the courts had already told the federal government, this is purely a local matter. You can't make federal hunting laws, but then somebody in the administration has this really great idea or a really evil idea, depending on how you look at it.


Maybe if we can get Canada to cooperate with us, we can do this by a treaty. Because There's this clause in the Constitution that says treaties of the supreme law of the land. So maybe if we make an international treaty, then the states will have to go along. Frank McAllister, he sues, and this goes all the way up to the Supreme Court. It lands before all of our Wendell Holmes, one of the more famous justices of the Supreme Court. And he basically says the treaty power is something That was given to the federal government. Don't limit this, this treaty is good and the treaty and the legislation are upheld. So score one for the federal government score one for the federal government.


And in there you actually have Holmes talking about what the constitution is. He, you know, he was this what thrice wounded Civil War veteran. And he actually invokes the language of, of the Civil War saying we, you know, we spent all this sweat and blood to figure out what kind of nation we were gonna become for birds. He invokes this language and basically says whatever we had debated in the past, you know, could the states regulate slavery without federal interference? And Holmes says, no, you know, the, the side who fought that argument, they lost All this talk about birds.


And you know, state versus federal has everything to do with our poisoner Carol and Bond. This case is the precedent upon which the federal government says that they can prosecute Carol Ann Bond because Oliver Wendell Holmes said that treaties are the supreme law of the land. I don't know, I, I'm still, I'm still of the mind that this is a sneaky bit of business by the, by the federal government. I mean, It's not sneaky if you're a duck. I, I, I feel I Pennsylvania must speak on behalf of the ducks here. But no, forget you're ducks. This is a Pennsylvania lady doing a Pennsylvania adultery in a Pennsylvania mailbox with a Pennsylvania mood. I mean, there's nothing, there's no birds flying overhead.


This is an all Pennsylvania crime. But you know, who wasn't doing a goddamn thing about that Pennsylvania Ex Oh, Oh, but just to take your side for a second, Robert, please do that. If you really think about it, you know, and the way that Nick Rosecrans thinks about it, this is really troubling this decision seems to say that theoretically the federal government's power Is potentially infinite Because like, say John Carey, who's our secretary of state right now, he goes and makes treaties say he's talking to Zimbabwe and we agree that we wanna have a treaty about educational standards for children.


So we come home and we write a law that says all children must go to public schools. But then that would outlaw homeschooling for children, which is a clear local state matter. But now suddenly the federal government has a power to do that just Seems odd. The idea that the president, the Senate and Zimbabwe can increase Congress's legislative powers. Here's how John Bellinger responds. Is it a theoretical possibility that the federal government might try to go and do that? I suppose it's theoretically possible, but there's no evidence that that happened here. There's no evidence that that has happened in the a hundred years since Missouri versus Holland. And He would say, look, consider The practical impact that a decision might have that would cut back on the president's treaty power.


Other countries are already highly suspicious of the United States ability to deliver on its treaty commitments. Anyway, John would say, why would any other country wanna make a treaty with us if Kansas could back out at any time? And like, how do you deal, deal with a question like global warming if everybody is allowed to be left to their own devices? Well that's a, that's a tough one. I mean, the reality is That's stuck in Hollis Again, we live in, in a globalized world, whether it's, you know, dealing with things like climate change, terrorism shipwreck, cyber crime, increasingly these are things we can no longer regulate just within a particular local community or a local society.


And like on some level, if we now find ourselves in this world where like I can get on the internet and spend hours and hours playing World of Warcraft with people in Yugoslavia, and yet I've never really talked to my neighbor that's just down the street, like why wouldn't we all have the same laws? But you know, I think the flip side of your question is fine. The world is very interconnected, but are there still some things that are local? Are there some things left where we could say the federal government doesn't need to be able to reach this? And more than that, Nick says that having a bunch of different communities that are governed by different rules all under the same nation, Actually has a bunch of benefits. Competition. This the idea of laboratories of democracy, that the 50 states will all try different things as to regulating guns near schools, as to regulating whatever it is.


And maybe some state will hit on something brilliant and if they do, then it will spread and be replicated. And you know, that theory has been borne out in a lot of different areas. When the feds decide that they're gonna come up with a one size fits all national solution, that's the end of the experiment. So, by the way, what, what happened to Carolyn Bond? Well, she Went to jail. She's in jail. She's still in jail. No, No, She's not now. So she's, she could go to court and find out whether, whether this thing was Yeah, that's cool. She Could show Up.


What about the, the, the poison E What, what happened to Her Poison E She changed her name. She moved away. She's unsearchable now. Good, good. But I hope she moved to the way For the best. Is she still living with the guy that gave, gave her the baby or No, no, no, no. You see, you see Carol, even though she went to jail for six years, she stayed with her husband. No way. Really? Yeah. Wow. She stayed with the man who had a baby with the other lady. Yeah. That she tried to poison that lady about she stayed with that guy. See that's the thing. Law is interesting, but love, that's complicated. Love is greater than treaties. Thank you Kelsey. Thank You. Kelsey Paget, Robert Kwi, Kelsey Page. Robert Chad Rad.


Yeah. Lot to hear again. So a couple months after we released this episode, the Supreme Court did indeed make a decision in Carol Ann Bond's case. In a unanimous vote, the court decided that Carol did not violate the Chemical Weapons Convention Treaty. But you might remember That Was not the question that court watches were hoping the court would answer. The question they were hoping to get an answer on was, can the federal government use a treaty to make laws about crimes that would normally be within a state's jurisdiction like poisoning This decision did nothing to answer that question.


So lucky for us, we can keep arguing about it for another a hundred years. That's it for this episode. Catch you next week. And in the meantime, please don't poison your friends. Hi, I'm Belin and I'm from San Diego, California. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by so Mueller, Lulu Miller. And Let Naer are our co-hosts. Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Rebecca lax, Maria Poz, gut, Hindu, Nana, Matt T and Qan, Alex Meson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sand Anza, Arian, wack, pat Walters, Molly Webster, Jessica Young with help from Rebecca Rand.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, Anna UL M and Natalie Middleton. Hi, I'm Idina. I'm calling from Greensburg. Leadership Support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Simons Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred p Sloan Foundation.


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing, the paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


I'm Ira Plato, host of Science Friday. For over 30 years, our team has been reporting high quality news about science, technology and medicine news you won't get anywhere else. And now that political news is 24 7, our audience is turning to us to know about the really important stuff in their lives, cancer, climate change, genetic engineering, childhood diseases. Our sponsors know the value of science and health news. For more sponsorship information, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.