
WNYC Studios is supported by the podcast. 99% Invisible Design is everywhere in our lives, perhaps most importantly, In the places where we've just stopped. Noticing 99% Invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture. Host Roman Mars asks questions like, why do we use the bleep sound to cover up inappropriate words on radio and tv? What's with mall culture? And how did the mall become a ubiquitous part of American life? And why are house plants having a moment right now? 99% invisible will answer all that and more. Every Tuesday. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates Not available In all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Radiolab is supported by Rocket money. The start of a new year is the perfect time to get organized that goals and prioritize what matters most. One common top priority for many of us is financial wellness. Thanks to Rocket Money, financial goals can feel achievable. They show you all of your subscriptions right in one place, and pull together spending across different accounts to track spending habits. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings, rocket money makes it easy. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/rl.


WNYC Studios is supported by the John Templeton Foundation funding interdisciplinary research and catalyzing conversations to inspire all and wonder, dive deeply into the wonders of the universe@templeton.org.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, happy New Year. I'm La Dev Nazer. This of course is Radio Lab. We have got all kinds of surprises in store for you this year. Not even this year, like In the next few months, including the winner of our big year long quasi moon naming contest. There is a winner. It's just not official yet. We will announce it the moment we are able to, but for now, as we take our first step into 2025, we wanted to rewind an episode we first released in 2018. It's about plants and their incredible roots.


And besides the fact that it's just a, it's super fun to listen to. Part of the reason we're replaying it is almost as a reminder of our roots as a show in things like humor and wonder, which we are gonna be, you know, working our best to dig up and dish up over the next year. So, to set us off on the right footing, here are emeritus hosts, Jad and Robert with Smarty Plants. Yeah. Wait, wait. You're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab From W WNYC. See, rewind.


Where do you want me? Where do you want us to say, doesn't matter, one or the other. That's a good, got it. Testing one, two. This, the headphones safe. All right, got that. I'm Ja. I'm Robert. How's that better? Oh, much better. This is Radiolab. Can I interrupt? So, Yes, but can I say, so now? Me first? Me first? 'cause I let you go. It's gonna be another 20 minutes till I get to talk. A little while back. I had a rather boisterous conversation with these two guys. First of all, like, who are You? I'm Larry Ubell. Yeah. And I'm Alvin Newbell. So you are related and you're both In the plumbing business. Are we related? Yes, we are related, but we are In the home inspection business. Yeah. Their father and son. It's a family business. We are the principles of accurate building inspectors of Brooklyn, New York.


And I've been In the construction industry ever since. I'm about 16 years old, and I'm 84. Okay. I'm not giving my age, But I wanted to talk to them because as building inspectors, they, there's something they see over and over and over. Yeah. All the time. That Is actually a clue in what turns out to be a deep, deep mystery. Which, which is what exactly? Well, let us say you have a yard in front of your house. Yours is the back of your house, but let's make it in front. Okay. And right In the middle of the yard is a tree. And the tree happens to be weeping. Willow, Just for example, and not too far away from this tree underground, there is a water pipe, A perfectly good pipe Connecting your house to the main city water line that's In the middle of the street.


The roots of this tree, of course, can go any way they want to go. They can go north, south, east, west, whatever. But the bels have noticed that even if a tree is 10 or 20, 30 yards away from the water pipe, for some reason, the tree roots creep with uncanny regularity straight toward the water pipe. The tree will wrap its roots around that pipe, Around and around and Around in a tangling of spaghetti. Like almost a And each one of those lines of spaghetti is squeezing little bit little, each one, an ounce, an ounce ounce, an ounce, an ounce, an ounce. Eventually over a period of time, it'll crack the pipe like a nutcracker.


Yes. You be see this happening all the time. Yeah. I have done inspections where roots were coming up through the pipe into the house. Into the house. It's amazing. Yes. This, This, This, this actually happened to me. The magnolia tree outside of our house got into the sewer pipes, reached its tentacles into our house, and busted the sewage pipe. It just happens to a lot of people. It's almost as if these plants, it's almost as if they know where our pipes are. I see what's happening. What are you bringing the plant parade again? Is that what, is that what this is? Well, Of course I am, because You're doing the like, okay. First it was the roots under the ground all connected into a whole hive thing. I don't Know why have problems with this. No, it's 'cause it's like, it's like every time I close my eyes, you're coming at it from a different direction.


I do, I do. With the plant parade. And I met a plant biologist who's gonna lead that parade. She's done three experiments. And I think if I tell you about what she has done, you even, you will be provoked into thinking that plants can do stuff you didn't imagine dream they could do. Hmm. I know, I know you've, I know you don, but All right. But let me just, let me give it a Try. Okay. I'm, I'm game. So let's Go to the first. This is the plant and pipe mystery. Hello. Finally. Hello. Hello. For long last, don't. Now you might think that the plant sends out roots in every direction. One of the roots just happens to bump into a water pipe and says, sends a signal to all the others. Come over here, here's the water. Right. But that scientist I mentioned, my Name is Monica Gallo.


I'm a research associate professor at the University of Sydney. She took that notion out of the garden into her laboratory. Yeah. Tested it in my lab. She took some plants, put 'em in a pot that restricted the roots. So they could only go in one of just two directions toward the water pipe or away from the water pipe. What kind of pot is This? It's kind of, it's shaped like, Like the litter y but upside down So that you get the roots can go to the left or the, to the right. Oh. Now the plants, if they were truly dumb, they'd go 50 50. It would be all random. Right. But after five days, she found that 80% of the time the plants went or maybe chose to head toward the dry pipe that has water in it. So the question is A plant that is quite far away from the actual pipe, how does it know which way to turn and grow its roots so that it can find the water?


Alright, My hypothesis is, is that what happens? Is why? No. Well, can I, can I have a few minutes? No, you got somewhere to go? No, because I, you got somewhere to go. No. Good. If she's going to do this experiment most lightly, she's going to use cold water. She's not gonna use hot water. 'cause you don't want to cook your plants, you know, and it's more expensive. Why waste hot water? Yeah. But Well, by the way, should we establish, is it a fact? Your No. Okay, go ahead. No, no. You wanna contest. He, he ha he's right track. You have to understand that the cold water pipe causes even a small amount of water to condense on the pipe itself. Ah, on the outside of the Pipe, it's, it's kind of like a cold glass sitting on your desk.


And there's always a puddle at the bottom. The glass is not broken. It's not a leak In the Glass. It's not leaking. The water is still in there. So There is some water outside of the pipe. It's condensation. Right. So what they're saying is, even if she's totally sealed the pipe, so there's no leak at all, the difference in temperature will create some condensation on the outside. And it's that little little bit of moisture that the plant will somehow sense. If You look at a root under a microscope, what you see is all these thousands of feelers, like hairs on your head looking for water, every one of them. And all of a sudden one of them says, Woohoo, I found a little water. And then all the other one goes In the same direction. These sensitive hairs, he argues, would probably be able to feel that tiny difference.


Yes. But Monica says, no, absolutely not. I purposely removed the chance for a osteo gradient. She made sure that the dirt didn't get wet because she'd actually fastened the water pipe to the outside of the pot. So it wasn't touching the dirt at All. Wait, so the, this branching pot thing, the part where the water pipe was the, the pipe was on the outside of the pot. That's Right outside. And the plant still went to the place where the pipe was not even In the dirt. Yeah. That is strange Now. Or is it just the vibration of the pipe that's making it go toward it? They would have to have some, you know, you got, you Can't, maybe there's some kind of signal, different kind of signal traveling through the soil.


Monica thought about that and designed a different experiment. Again, if you imagine the, the pot, my experimental pot With the forked bottom. Yeah. But then have Two very different options for our plant. On one side, instead of the pipe with water, she attaches an MP three player with a little speaker playing a recording of The sound of water. And then on the other side, Monica has another MP three player with a speaker. But this one plays Nothing. So she's got her plants In the pot. And we are going to now wait to see what happens. Remember that the roots of these plants can either go one direction towards the sound of water in a pipe or the other direction to the sound of silence.


On the fifth day, they take a look and discover most of the roots. A majority of the roots were hitting toward the sound of water. Exactly. Exactly. So they just went right for the MP three fake water. Not even the actual water. Just the sound of it. Just the sound that That's, that's interesting. It's interesting. That is interesting. But what, how would a plant hear something like they don't have ears or a brain or anything. Like they couldn't hear, like we hear, well, Maybe they definitely don't have a brain. No question there. But they do have root hairs.


This is Jennifer Frazier. I am the blogger of the artful amoeba at Scientific American. And She was willing to entertain the possibility that plants can do something like hear. So what do we have in our ears that we use to hear sound? Little hairs. Little hairs. Yes. Right. And if you go to too many rock concerts, you can break these hairs and that leads to permanent hearing loss, which is bad. So maybe the root hairs, which are always found right at the growing tips of plant roots. Maybe plant roots are like little ears. Maybe each root is, is like a little ear for the plant. I don't know. That is cool.


That is definitely cool. Okay, Good. The thing I don't get is, is in, in animals, the hairs in our ear are sending the signals to a brain. And that is what chooses what to do. That's true. If a plant doesn't have a brain, what is choosing where to go? I don't think Monica knows the answer to that, but she does believe that, you know, that we humans, we Are a little obsessed with the brain. And so we are under the impression, or I would say the conviction that the brain is the center of the universe. And, and if you have a brain and a nervous system, you are good and you can do amazing stuff.


And if you don't have one by default, you can't do much in general. Okay. It's a very biased view that humans have in particular towards others. But still, I mean, to say that a plant is choosing a direction, I don't know. I mean it like, when a plant bends towards sunlight, we all, we've all seen house plants do that. Right, right. Would you say that the plant is seeing the sun? No. I mean, it's just, it's, it's reacting to things. And there's a series of mechanical behaviors inside the plant that are just bending it In the direction. I mean, couldn't it just be like that? I Think that's fair. And I think if I move on to the next experiment for Monica, you are gonna find it a little bit harder to object to it.


We need to take a break first. But when we come back, the parade that I want you to join will come and swoop you up and carry you along in flow of enthusiasm.


Radiolab is supported by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering and worrying if you are going to get any money back. And then waiting and wondering and worrying some more. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax expert who can do your taxes as soon as today. An expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention as they work on your return while you get realtime updates on their progress. So you can focus on your day. An expert who will find you every deduction and file every form, every investment, every everything with accuracy. Also, you can get the most money back. Guaranteed. No waiting, no wondering. No worries. Now this is taxes. Get an expert now on turbotax.com only available with TurboTax Live full service. Realtime updates only in iOS mobile app. See guarantee details at turbotax.com/guarantees.


Radiolab is supported by the John Templeton Foundation funding interdisciplinary research and catalyzing conversations designed to inspire awe and wonder, dive deeply into the wonders of the universe. At templeton.org, Radiolab is supported by Rocket money. Managing finances can feel complicated and time consuming. Right? But it doesn't have to be. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and aims to help lower your bills so you can help grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and for those you don't want anymore, rocket money can help you cancel them.


Rocket Money's Dashboard also gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts, and can help you easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings, rocket money makes it easy. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Just go to rocket money.com/rl today. That's rocket money.com/rl. WNYC Studios is supported by the podcast. 99% Invisible design is everywhere in our lives, perhaps most importantly, In the places where we've just stopped. Noticing 99% Invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture.


Host Roman Mars asks questions like, why do we use the bleep sound to cover up inappropriate words on radio and tv? What's with mall culture and how did the mall become a ubiquitous part of American life? And why are house plants having a moment right now? 99% invisible will answer all that and more every Tuesday. Follow and listen to 99% invisible wherever you get your podcasts. Latif Radiolab back with Jad and Robert. Yep. So today we have a triptych of experiments about plants that apparently jury's still out are going to make me rethink my stance on plants.


Yes. So we're to experiment two now. Are we Now That is correct. So we are going to meet a beautiful little plant called a mimosa pika, which is does a, a perfectly symmetrical plant with, with leaves on either side of a central stem. Yeah. Mimosa has been one of the pet plants, I guess for many scientists for like centuries because This peculiar plant has a, has a, a surprising little skill. Yeah. A reflex. An anti predator reaction. Like a defensive mechanism. As soon as it senses that a grazing animal is nearby, If a nosy deer happens to bump into it, the mimosa plant Folds, its leaves Curls, all its leaves up against its stem.


The Whole thing immediately closes up and makes it look like, oh, there's no plant here. Just a boring set of twigs. Nothing delicious at all. So the deer's like, oh, well nevermind. Right. And you can actually see this happen. So, okay. So You can get, anybody can get one of these plants and, and we did do this one here. And if you just touch it, can I try it? Yeah, go for it. Even just one leaf like that you can actually watch this cascade. Whoa. Where all the leaves close in, like, oh, look at that. They all went close. Yeah. It's sort of startling to see.


That's so Eerie. So that voice belongs to Atish Bcha, who is with Princeton University's Council on Science and Technology. We showed one of these plants to him and a couple of his colleagues, Sharon Dela Cruz. This guy or this guy, which and Peter Landren. Yeah, there you go. That's neat. Because we wanted them to help us recreate Monica's next experiment. Okay. So maybe could, could you just describe it just briefly, just what you did. Well, I created these horrible contraption. Apparently she built some sort of apparatus, I guess you could call it a mimosa plant Dropbox Picture.


One of those parachute drops that they have at the, at state fairs or amusement parks where you hoist it up to the top. Except in this case, instead of a chair, they've got a little plant size box Into which she put these sensitive plants. So The plants are now, you know, buckled in, minding their own business. And then Monica would Drop them Just about, you know, seven or eight inches Landing very comfortably onto a, a padded base made of foam. So no plants would actually hurt in this experiment. But the drop was just shocking and sudden enough for the little plant to Close all its sleeves, Do its reflex defense thing. Then Monica hoist the plant back up again and drops it again and again and again.


And after not a whole lot of drops, the plant she noticed stopped closing its leaves. So after the first few, the plants already realized That was not necessary. The plants, the plants stopped. What is it they did? They Stopped. They stopped. They stopped folding up. Hmm. She thinks that they somehow remembered all those drops and it never hurt. So they didn't fold up anymore. They'd learn something. Exactly. Which is pretty amazing. Couldn't it just be a, an entirely different interpretation here. Like what the plants have to keep pulling their leaves up and they just get tired. They run out of energy.


It It, yeah. It might run out of fuel. Exactly. It's a costly process for this plant. But she Figured out they weren't tired because after dropping them 60 times, she then shook them left to right and they instantly folded up again. It would Close up. Oh, so it's not that it couldn't fold up, it's just that during the dropping it learned that it didn't need to Yeah, That's a learning is something I didn't think plans could do. They do. Oh, this looks so high tech. So we figured, look, if it's this easy and this matter of fact, we should be able to do this ourselves and see it for ourselves. So, oh my God.


That's where these, the scientists from Princeton come in. Peter, Sharon and Ish, they designed from scratch like Lego, a towering parachute drop in blue, translucent Lego pieces. So this Is our plant dropper and we can move it up and we can Drop it. So we strapped in our mimosa plant, a little Seatbelt for him, for the ride down. And then, All right, and Then someone has to count. I'll count and then we let it drop. Five. Yeah. 4, 3, 2, 1, drop. 5, 4, 3, 2. And we dropped it once and twice again and again. We were waiting for the leaves to, you know, stop folding.


We dropped, We dropped drop, drop. But I dunno, it didn't happen. Oh, It was curling up each time. When it went, every time it just kept curling and curling didn't seem to be learning anything. So you, so you couldn't replicate what she saw. Nothing happened at all. So we went back to Monica. Yeah. We, as you know, built your elevator. I, I heard We told her what we did. And what happened to you. Didn't happen to us. Now can you, can you imagine what we did wrong? Like for example, my plants were all in environment controlled rooms, which is not a minor details. They, they're no experiencing extra changes. Or for example, I don't know if That was the case for your plans.


No, it depends out of, We kept switching rooms 'cause we weren't sure whether you wanted to be In the highlight or weak light or sunlight or no light. I wonder if That Was maybe a bit too much. Was it possible that maybe the plants correctly responded by not opening because something really mad was happening around it and it's like, this place is not safe. Truth is, I think on this point, she's got a, she's, she's right. No one time the plant literally flew out of the pot and upended with roots exposed. It Feels like one of those experiments where you just aborted on humanitarian. So I think what she would argue is that we kind of proved her point.


We were so inconsistent, so clumsy that the plants were smart to keep playing it safe and closing themselves up. Actually, I think you were very successful. Your experiment, you found exactly what the plants would do under your circumstances, which were, I don't know, let's say a bit more tumultuous than mine. Mine. And she goes on to argue that had we been a little bit more steady and a little bit more consistent, the plants would've learned and would've remembered the lesson. Because what, what she does next is three days later, she takes these plants back into the lab. The, the idea was to drop them again. Just to see like the difference between the first time you learn something and the next time, Like, would they figure it out faster this time or, or maybe slower.


Yeah. So she takes the plants, she puts them into the parachute drop. She drops them and she says this time they relaxed almost immediately. Yeah. They'd remember straight away. Straight away. All of them know already what to do. They Remembered what had happened three days before that dropping didn't hurt. That they didn't have to fold up. So they didn't, yeah. And then she waited a few more days and came back. They still remembered. Yeah. Few more days. Yeah. And it was almost like, let's see how much I have to stretch it here before you forget. Eventually she came back after 28 days. 28 days. Yes. And they still remember, they still did not close when she dropped them.


That's what she says. What was your reaction when you saw this happen? That's producer Annie McEwen. This Re retention of of knowledge. My reaction was like, oh, sh That was my reaction because the only reason why this experiment turned out to be 28 days is because I run out of time. So they, they might remember even for much longer time than 28 days. So she's saying they remembered for almost a month. Yeah. I mean, Can you remember what you were doing a month Ago? No, I actually, like, even this morning I'm, I told like, poof, gone. Like that's a thing. But supposedly that she's right. Yeah. Where Would the a a little plan even store a memory? Well, That's what I asked her.


I do wanna go back though to, for, for something like learning, like, I don't understand learning as far as I understand, it is something that involves memory and storage. And I do that in my brain. That's the place where I remember things in my brain. Oh, Do you? Yes I do. You is a brain, I think. Is your daughter objecting to my analysis? Dog barking. That's okay. Picasso. Pigs. Picasso. Enough of that. Pigs. Hey. It's okay. It's okay. Pa it's okay.


Picasso enough of that now. Sorry. Actually, Monica's dog leads perfectly into her third experiment, which again will be with a plant. But it was originally done with, with a dog. So half love started by getting some dogs and some meat and a Bell science writer Jen Frazier gave us the kind of the standard story. And his idea was to see if he could condition these dogs to associate that food would be coming from the sound of a bell. So he brought them some meat, They would salivate and then eat the meat. Then He would bring them the meat and he would ring a Bell and again drooling eating. And he would repeat This ring meat, eat ring meat, eat ring meat, Eat.


Finally, one time he did not bring the meat, but he rang the bell. Sure enough, The dogs began to drool. They had learned to associate the sound of the bell, Which has, you know, for dogs has nothing to do with meat With when they actually saw and smelled and ate meat. Exactly. Now That's a very, you know, animals do this experiment, but it got Monica thinking, Would the plant do the same? Could a plant learn to associate something totally random like a bell with something it wanted like food? Yeah. Are you like aggressively looking around for like, do you wake up In the morning saying, now what can I get a plant to do that reminds me of my dog? Or reminds me of a bear or reminds me of a bee. Not really.


And I guess that that's who I feel, I feel sort kind of good to say this. It's like, no, no, I don't, I don't do that. But Monica says what she does do is move around the world with a general feeling of, huh, what if, so she decided to conduct her experiment Pretty much like the concept of pavlo with this dog applied. But instead of dogs, she had pea plants in a dark room. Yeah. And for the meat substitute, she gave each plant a little bit of food. In this case a little blue. LED light. Light is obviously representing dinner. So light is, if you, if you shine light on a plant, you're like feeding it. Yeah.


Plants really like light, you know, they need light to grow. So otherwise they can't for to synthesize. So for three days, three times a day, she would shine these little blue lights on the plants from A particular direction. And she noticed that Unsurprisingly, The plants would always grow towards the light. Anyone who's ever had a plant in a window knows that. And the salivation equivalent was the tilt of the plant. Exactly. And then I needed to, the difficulty I guess of the experiment was to find something that will be quite irrelevant and really meant nothing to the plant to start with. Like the bell for the dog. So after much trial and error with clicks and hums and buzzes, All sorts of randomness, She found that the one stimulus that would be perfect was A fan, A little fan, the same one that I used in computers.


Like, you know, really tiny. She Determined that you can take a little computer fan and blow it on a pea plant for pretty much ever. And the pea plant would be utterly indifferent to the whole thing. The plants didn't Care. Then she placed the fan right next to the light so That the light In the fan were always coming from the same direction. And With these two stimuli, she put the plants, the little pea plants through a kind of training regime. Little fan goes on, the light goes on, both aiming at the pea plant from the same direction and the pea plant leans toward them. Then she takes a little light and the little fan and moves them to the other side of the plant. Turns the fan on, turns the light on and the plant turns and leans that way. Yeah. Fan first light after and moved around, but always matched In the same way together.


Fan light, lean fan light lean, fan light, lean, same as the Pablo of the bell, the meat In the Salivation. So then at one point, when you only play the bell for the dog or you, you know, play the fan for the plant, we know now for the dogs. The dogs is expecting. So it's predicting something to arrive. And Monica wondered, In the plants case, If there was only the fan, would the plant Anticipate the light and lean toward it, Or would just be going random? After three days of this training regime, it is now time to test the plants with just the fan. No light. So Monica moves the fans to a new place. One more time. They're switched on and the pea plants are left alone to sit in this quiet dark room feeling the breeze.


And then The next day, I remember going in on, at the uni on a Sunday afternoon, and she Goes into that darkened room with all the pea plants. So do you know I'm In the dark, But she's got a little red headlamp on. Yeah. And she moves about the room To have a look Peering down at the plants under the red glow of her headlamp. And then I saw That these little plants, My little peas Had indeed turned and moved toward the fans stretching up their little leaves as if they were sure that at any moment now light would arrive. And it is good. It was Sunday and I remember it was Sunday because I started screaming in my life.


I said, oh, I might disturb my plants. I go out and I thought, there's no one here on Sunday afternoon. I can scream my head off if I want to. And so I was really excited. I was like, oh my God, these guys are actually doing it. And so of course That was only the beginning then we actually had to run four months of trials to make sure that, you know, that what we were seeing was not one p doing it or two Ps, but it was actually a majority. So you just did what Pavlov did to a plant. You got the plant to associate the fan with food. Yeah, pretty much. But once again, I kind of wondered if since the plant doesn't have a brain or even neurons to connect the idea of light and wind or whatever, that, where would they put that information?


Like how can a plant, how does a plant do that? I dunno. I dunno yet. But what I do know is that the fact that the plant doesn't have a brain, doesn't, doesn't, a priori says that she, the plants can do something. The fact that humans do it in a particular way, it doesn't means that everyone needs to do it in that way to be able to do it In the first place. There are multiple ways of doing one thing. Right? Huh. So we are really like, this is, we are really at the very beginning of this. Yeah, I know. That's why there is often more question than answers. But that's part of the fun As well.


Monica's work has actually gotten quite a bit of attention from other plant biologists. Yes. And some of them, this is Lincoln TAs. I'm a professor emeritus of plant biology at uc. Santa Cruz Say they're very curious, but wanna see these experiments repeated. It's a very interesting experiment and I really wanna see whether it's correct or not. We, Us too. I, I Want this word. He's got lots of questions about her research methods, but really his major complaint is, is her language, her use of metaphor. Right? For example, words like Hearing or learning behavior. And This, he's not a huge fan of Yes. If you get too wrapped up in your poetic metaphor, you're very likely to be misled and to over interpret the data.


I mean, I, it's a kind of romanticism. I think, you know, it goes back to anthropomorphizing plant behaviors. But I, I wonder if her using these metaphors Again, producer Annie McEwen Is perhaps a very creative way of looking at, looking at a plant and therefore leads her to make, make up these experiments that those who wouldn't think the way she would, would ever make up. And therefore she might, In the end see something that no one else would see. Is it, can it Be this just like metaphor is letting In the light as opposed to shutting down the Blind of even like, could there be a brain or could there be ears or, or you know, just sort of like going off the deep end there. But maybe it makes her sort of more open-minded than, than than someone who's just looking at a notebook.


I think it can be open-minded, but still objective. I mean, I, I think there's something to that. I, I think there are some cases where romanticizing something could possibly lead you to some interesting result. So you're like a, a metaphor cop with a melting heart. Yes. That, that, that would be an interesting thing. Don't interrupt. They have, they have to edit this in together. Let talk Yeah. I'm much longer 'cause I have an appointment. All right. That's it. I thi I want, I One thing just outta curiosity, as we were winding up with our home inspectors, Alvin and Larry Ubell, we thought maybe we should run this metaphor idea by them. There's, on the science side, there's a real suspicion of anything that's anthropomorphizing a plant.


They just don't like to hear words like mind or hear or see or taste for a plant because it's too animal and too human. And the classic case of this is, if you go back a few centuries ago, someone noticed that plants have sex. Oh yes. That there was a kind of a moral objection to thinking it this way. And I'm wondering whether Monica is gonna run into, as she tries to make plants more animal-like whether she's just gonna run into this malice from the scientific. I'm just wondering, do you have this, do you share any of that? No, I don't. Because she may come up against it. People who think that intelligence is unique to, to humans. And so I don't have a problem with that.


I've been looking around lately and I know that intelligence is not unique to humans. Okay. So I don't have an issue with that. And every day that goes on, I have less of an issue from the day before. So I don't have a problem. The problem is, is with plants. So they may have this intelligent, maybe we are just not smart enough yet to figure it out. Well, okay. That's a parade I'll, I'll show up For. Okay, let's do it. Big thanks to Atish Bcia, to Sharon de La Cruz and to Peter Landin at Princeton University's Council on Science and Technology.


Also, thanks to Christie Melville and to Emerald O'Brien and tore O'Hara and to summer rain. You're Thanking summer rain. I am. Did the plants sneak that one In The summer is a real person. And her last name happens to be spelled Oh, okay. R-A-Y-N-E. I see. This story was nurtured and fed and ultimately produced by Annie McEwen. She actually trained this story in a rather elaborate experimental setup to move away from the light and to a light breeze against all of its instincts. Oh, one more thing. Thanks to Jennifer Frazier who helped us make sense of all this. You should definitely go out and check out her blog, the Artful amoeba, especially to the Post the forlorn ones about plants. Plants are really underrated when I write a blog post.


My posts that get the least traffic guaranteed are the plant posts. No matter how amazing I think that the results are, for some reason people just don't think plants are interesting. And to me it, here are three more reasons that you can say no, really. Plants are amazing and this world is amazing. And that living creatures have this ability for reasons we don't understand, can't comprehend yet. That's amazing and fantastic. And does it change my place In the world? Does it threaten my sense of myself or my place as a human that a plant can do this? No. Does it threaten your sense of humanity that you depend for pretty much every single calorie you eat on a plant?


No. So you think that, that this, you think this is a hubris corrector? Yeah. I mean what? So they can't move? Well, some of them can. First of all, and big deal. Can you make your own food? No. Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler, Lulu Miller and lots of Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz, Gutierrez ti, Rebecca lax, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Viza, Anne Wack, pat Walters, and Molly Webster.


Our five checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, my name is Teresa. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betsy Moore Foundation Science Sandbox, a Simons Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Loan Foundation. Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs.


Since then, New York public radio's rigorous journalism, has gone on to win a Peabody Award and a DuPont Columbia Award among others. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.