
Babe, where are the bookie board? Mom, you pack my Car this summer. I hit the Cooler. Where's the Sunscreen? As you stuff your car full of more crap than you could possibly use on a weekend trip to the beach. Oh, We have to go. Traffic's just gonna get worse from here. Radiolab wants you to remember who you are sharing the water with. I looked down through pink water, which I realized was my blood. There was this great big head, these big white teeth. 50 years after Jaws struck fear into the heart of the entire nation. Never saw the shark coming At the time. It was one of the worst shark attacks That was ever survived.


It was the biggest shadow that I have ever seen under the water. Don't just look at their teeth because everybody's frightened of their teeth. We want to show you sharks. Look at the rest of the body. The beauty of them is far greater than not, In a way you've never seen them before, But you know, in a radio lavy way, these are like swimming fossils. Oh, but are they cloning themselves? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Sharks are crazy. Yeah. Jaws turn sharks into monsters. So we're gonna turn them back into animals. And we found so many wild stories that We're gonna need a bigger show. Yeah. We are gonna need five days of sharks.


A whole shark. Well, we're not allowed legally to say that a week of sharks, let's just call it a week of sharks. A week Of sharks. Okay. Yeah. We have got stories about big sharks and small Sharks. Baby sharks, ancestral sharks. Sharks that fly, sharks that glowing sharks that might even cure cancer. And lots of people, people who fear Sharks, love sharks. Study sharks raise sharks. Yeah. It is gonna be a whole shark NATO of big ideas, stories, surprises that make us completely rethink this amazing animal and our relationship To it. You don't want to miss it. It starts Monday, June 16th. We'll have a new episode on the feed every morning, all week. It's called Swimming With Shadows.


A Radiolab Week. Sharks Week of Shark Sharks. Donna, the waters sharky. Where's My swimsuit?