
Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Not available In all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Terrestrials is supported by the John Templeton Foundation, funding, research, and catalyzing conversations that inspire people with awe and wonder. Learn about the latest discoveries in the science of wellbeing, complexity, forgiveness, and free will@templeton.org.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hello, Latif Nasser. Hi, Lulu Miller. This Is Radiolab. And I am feeling very g glowy because I finally dragged you onto an episode of Terrestrials. Yeah, that's true. You told a story, you sang, you did the whole thing. And it's really wonderful. And it's about a creature that you, you keep a surprise. It's one of my favorite creatures on this planet of ours. I feel like it's a signature you story. It's, Oh, thank you. Something you told me about a while ago, I've never been able to forget. And it kind of like has the effect of, of truly turning your sense of nature and the world upside down.


And so we're gonna play it here today on Radiolab, Because there's a new season of Terrestrials Out. Yes. And we're sort of in the middle of it. There are few already out that you can hear. It's very exciting. Yeah. It's all about the monsters among us. When you can go listen to new episodes on the Radiolab for Kids Feed. And we're playing this one because I think it's interesting for anyone of any age. Yeah. Okay. So to get a taste, here we go with Latifs Mystery Animal. An episode we called The Snow Beast. Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC.


See? Yeah. 3, 2, 1. Imagine you are one of the toughest snow beasts out there. You can chew thorns, Walk barefoot across frigid surfaces, Spit a kind of potion to ward off threats. Your face can zip itself away From The frosty winds. And at almost nine feet Tall, Your long legs can easily step through deep, deep snow. But for some reason, no one really thinks of you as a snow beast.


You have become, Well, I'm not telling yet. Okay, fine. Now is the part where we sing the theme song. Oh, am I? Can I join in? Yeah. Join In. Tore. We are not the worst. We are the Bael. Yeah. I'm your host of the Miller Joint, as always, by my song Bud. Woohoo. Alan Making, making Snow Angels and Two Days Storyteller is one of my favorite storytellers on the entire planet. My co-host at Radiolab, my partner in radio crime, Latif Nasser.


Hello. Hi. Thanks for having me. Long time fan. And You wanted to do things a little differently today. Yeah. Your animal is a kind of mystery animal, which you will reveal to us partway through the show. And then we will go meet one. Can we talk about these gnarly, Gnarly teeth? Yeah. Because it's an animal, you know, but it's a story about it. You don't, so you know how Batman got all his super crime fighting skills by training on other continents? Yeah. I guess. Well, this story's a little like that. Okay. But the unexpected place, our mystery animal evolved all its powers. Hmm. And like it's stranger than fiction.


Like, you couldn't make up the backstory of this creature. You just couldn't. All right, let's do this thing. So the story begins with this woman. Her name is Natalia Repinski. Okay. She is what's called a paleo biologist, which basically just means she specializes in digging up old dead stuff. Okay. She said someone once called her doctor dead things. Yeah, yeah, that's true. And Here she is, mostly Animals. And over the years, Natalia has come across some very cool ancient creatures that are now extinct, but used to roam the earth millions of years ago. Such as, oh, Well there's like a deer lit That was, I'm sorry.


Is a deer lit A tiny deer. Yes. Sort of like a lap deer, maybe. An ancient bunny. An arctic frog. How Would a frog survive in the Arctic? Would it have to freeze? Oh Really? Yeah. Freeze. Solid. Plus The bear An extinct Bear. We're still working on the bear. Ooh. Yeah. So, so, so kind of, that's her job. But it's especially interesting 'cause she does it in really extreme and interesting places. And One day in 2006, she grabs some tools and hops into a helicopter to fly way up north Over a thousand kilometers north of the Arctic Circle To a almost uninhabited island near the North Pole. Very cold, very remote.


Elmer Island, Canada. They set up camp. There's No one else around. We're living in tents. A trip line around the tents in case a bear comes into the camp at night. Ooh. And they spend pretty much every waking hour of every day, just walking up this kind of giant, steep sandy hill walking, Scuffing, searching for something. Wait a second. The song Bud just will start singing whatever you say. Yep. That's how it works. Pretty cool, huh? Love it. Okay. So Natalia and her team, they're just scuffing through the sand, scanning around to see if the melting snow or wind has surfaced any little, you know, treasures.


People have dug there before. But the only dead stuff anyone had ever found in this area was like prehistoric plant parts. And some insects from millions of years ago. Basically wood from extinct trees, little Pieces of moss stems Leaves, and that's why they called it files, leaf beds. Ah, like beds of leaves. Yeah. So that's what she was expecting to find, Walking, stuffing, searching for something. And on this particular day, it's the afternoon, and she finds something just right there, just lying on the surface, the Size of my thumb. Like rusty, sort of a colored, like A big potato chip or Something.


Yeah, a big potato chip's. A good way to put it. Okay. So she gets out her hand lens, a little Magnifying glass. She's Looking at it real closely and wondering what species of tree it might be. And she's like, wait a second. This thing doesn't actually look like wood. Hmm. It doesn't have tree rings With the hand lands. I could tell the cross section had these little pores, and that's the giveaway that it was bone, just a little chunk of bone. This is huge because as far as she knows, in this 4 million year old leaf pile, she's the first person to ever find a bone. Oh My gosh. Really? Yeah. Whoa. And what's wild is that we could Tell from this one scrap that it's a big animal.


How can You tell that? From a tiny scrap? You can see the thickness, a long bone that's like an inch thick. So what kind of animal would have that? It would have to be a pretty big animal. Huh? So like a, like a moose or a wooly mammoth, or like a snow dinosaur. Side note. Were there snow dinosaurs? Oh, absolutely. We have in the Canadian Arctic and also in Alaska, evidence of dinosaurs. Let's take a break to consider that. There used to be snow dinosaurs, and if they slipped and fell down a a hill, they'd technically, technically be sled S. But to find out what creature this really was, Natalia would need to find way more bone fragments.


So for years, summer after summer, she kept going back to that exact spot, just like walking, Stuffing, searching for something, Just looking. Is anything coming up? Huh? And she finds more And more pieces of this ancient bone. 30 fragments, saw These rusty little chips. These rusty little chips. Exactly. But what they are kind of is like rusty little puzzle pieces. So she put all these things together. She was like, okay, this is a tibia, it's a leg bone from a mammal. Hmm. So it could be a cow. No, no. This is much bigger. Much bigger than a cow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, man. So you really have like an arctic beast on your hands here, like, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And that's when Dr. Dead things does something kind of shocking to this precious ancient bone. We took a saw. Ooh. And we just cut off a little corner of it, Huh? And then right away they smelled it. They smelled the old bone. Yeah. When they did that, it smelled gross. Ooh. It's kind of like the smell of burning flesh. That's So ew. But Natalia knew right away exactly what that smell was, something called Collagen. Collagen. You can think of collagen, kind of like the glue that holds together your flesh and bones.


And it's rare to find it intact in something that old. So Natalia was excited because in the same way detectives could use fingerprints to ID a person. Yes. Scientists can use collagen to identify a species. Whoa. So she takes one of the little fragments of this bone. She puts it basically in an envelope and sends it in the mail to this guy at the University of Manchester. He's in England. So it goes Over the ocean from Canada to England. He opens Up his envelope, Runs it through his collagen fingerprinting machinery. Beep, beep, beep. A week goes by, beep beep.


Two weeks. Are You kind of on pins and needles? Are you feeling excited? Are you feeling like, oh Yeah, I was on vacation, but I was checking my email every day. And then he finds a match. This three and a half million year old bone that Natalia had pulled out of the high Arctic tundra belonged to. Yes. I'll tell you what it is after the break.


This program is brought to you by Audible. Listen to the new Audible original, the Big Fix, A Jack Bergen mystery starring John Ham as the hard-boiled private eye, cracking his latest case of murder and mystery. Four years after he left the FBI, Jack Bergen is pulled back into the fray by an old flame who persuades him to investigate a homicide and clear the name of an immigrant accused of murder conspiracy abounds as a Mexican American community is pushed out in order to build Dodger Stadium. In this story, inspired by the real life battle of Chavez Ravine co-starring Anna Dela Ra as an activist out for Justice Omar Epps as Jack's partner in solving crime. And Alia Alcott as an intrepid reporter racing to break the story, plus a cameo from John Slattery as a shady executive created by John Menowitz and directed by Aaron Lipstadt. Listen to a gritty and winding tale that delivers both meaning and mayhem with a solid punch. Go to audible.com/the BigFix and listen. Now,


Radiolab is supported by Gobble the meal kit delivery service created by busy professionals for busy professionals. Their team of award-winning chefs handles the peeling, simmering marinating. So you can serve up a delicious meal in as little as 15 minutes each week. Choose from over 30 meal options, including lean in clean, vegetarian, classic, and more recipes, and they'll deliver them right to your doorstep. You'll experience global flavors and gourmet chef prepared ingredients that make you feel like a pro without a single trip to the store. Give gobble a try today. Visit gobble.com/ Radiolab to get started with $120 off across your first four boxes. That's gobble.com/ Radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. You've heard it before, but it's worth repeating. The state of your mind is just as important as your physical health therapy can be a great way to take care of your mental health, and therefore, it should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. It can be helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. I need help with that one all the time, and empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions that can save you big on cost and on time. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, that hlp.com/radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by Betterment. When investing your money starts to feel like a second job, betterment steps in with a little work life balance. It's an automated investing and savings app that handles the work so you don't have to, while they build and manage your portfolio, you build and manage your weekend plans. While they make it easy to invest for what matters, you just get to enjoy what matters. Their automated tools simplify the complex and put your money to work optimizing day after day and again and again. So, go ahead. Take your time to rest and recharge, because while your money doesn't need a work life balance, you do make your money hustle with betterment. Get started@betterment.com. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-M-E-N t.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed


People Poop. Boop boop. Terrestrials is back. We are about to unveil the identity of a giant ice monster that Dr. Natalia, AKA Dr. Dead things has discovered up near the North Pole in Canada. Drum roll please for Latif. This three and a half million year old bone belong to, It's a camel. Wait, camel's like desert hot Egypt. Yeah. De camel. Yeah. Camel that with the hump that spits Yeah. And stuff. Yeah. I mean, the spit was to distract predators, but yeah. Yes. Yeah, we Were stunned. So that's like what we're like, really?


So she's like, no, this can't be right. Camels don't live in Canada. I, as someone having grown up in Canada, I can attest I never saw Camel growing up. Huh? So they're like, okay. Weird. And I had no idea about this until Natalia's story, but surprise, surprise camels. Yeah. Are actually originally a North American creature. No. What? For 40 of the 45 million years that camels have been on planet Earth, they could only be found in North America. What? So like alongside just all the things we think of in North America, like, I don't know, black bears and badgers.


Yeah. Beavers and, yeah, yeah, yeah. There were camels. Camels. There were at least 20 different camel species. What? In North America? Whoa. Maybe more. It Was just like camel country over here. It was camel country. There was one kind of camel that had a really long neck, kinda like a giraffe. Huh? Some had snouts like crocodiles. Whoa. The earliest camels. Yeah. Were the size of rabbits. Tiny camels, like with their little hooves. This huge diversity of camels, huh? Across North America. It's so wild. And you just want a pet rabbit camel, right? I do So badly. Immediately I just wanna like put it under my arm, sit with it on the couch and tickle it.


Little chin and like stroke. Its hump. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. Paint its nails There. And in addition to tiny rabbit camels, boy, thanks to Natalia's discovery, we now know that there were giant arctic camels that weighed a ton, were way taller than today's camel, like as tall as a school bus, and would've been totally at home in the deep, deep snow. Wow. And at that point, there's truly none over in the desert where we think of them like in Africa or in the Middle East. There's, there's, there's none. Nothing. Wow. Nothing. It wasn't until long after camels took over North America like 40 million years later, that they finally wandered across this huge bridge.


I mean, people actually call it a land bridge that used to connect North America and Russia. It was over 600 miles long With forests all the way across. And camels walked all the way across it and had babies who had babies, who had babies. And they all kept walking into Russia and Asia, and eventually into the desert of the Middle East and Africa. Yeah, it's pretty far. It's pretty far, huh. But this is so confusing to me that camels didn't come from the desert because aren't they perfectly adapted for the desert? Like, isn't everything that makes them kind of weird looking? No offense, camels, but you know, the hump, the goofy body isn't all that.


The stuff that makes them, you know, desert Superstars. They are. They are desert superstars. Just to wow you a little bit about them. Yeah. Join me here in the desert for a tour through the camels signature body parts. Sure. What do you say sung bud. Can I get a little help? Absolutely. The eyes, the mouth, The Feet and the, and the hump. The four main secrets to how they strut their stuff. The eyes. The eyes, the, the mouth, The feet In the hump. Join me on a tour from their head to their rump. Let's start with the eyes. Big, long lashes, as cute as can be, but they're there for a reason.


Sandstorms can get really nasty. The lashes blink away. The sand in the hot desert wind and a transparent set of eyelids keeps it all from getting in. Hm. Next up after the eyes, the mouth, mouth. That big goofy smile is the toughest of lips. It can gobble things more extreme than it spits cacti and thorns ain't no problem for 'em. It can eat these Spiny desert plants at almost no other mammal can. Wow. Crunch. Next up the eyes, the mouth, the feet, the feet. The feet are quite amazing. Big and flat. Like frying pans. They keep these heavy beasts from sinking deep into the sand.


But of the eyes, the mouth, the feet, and the hump, the camels characteristic of all is the The hump. The hump. Some have one and some have two. But the humps do not store water. They actually store food. What I thought we were always told the hump stores water, The hump is fat. It's like a fat backpack. They're carrying around with them so they can go long periods without having to eat. It's just like, it's like backup snacks. It's backup snacks. Yeah. But that thing about storing water is absolutely true. They can go without a sip for like a week or even two. Really. The way they do it though has nothing to do with the hump.


It's a tiny set of organs much closer to the rump, The kidneys, They're like a filter so that camel can drink water that's salty, or water that's stinky to keep the water in the body instead of wasting it on pee pee. Camel pee comes out like syrup. Ew. That's so gross to imagine. And yet Incredibly water efficient Slurp slurp. Wow. Now I'm just more convinced they, they belong in the desert and don't belong over in that snowy land where Natalia found this boon. Like what? Right, Because that's what we all thought. Yeah. When you look at them, you say, of course they must have perfectly evolved for this environment.


But then Natalia's idea was, wait, no, we're looking at this backwards. Once you find a giant camel, the arctic, you start thinking about camels differently. Hmm. Her theory is maybe all the body parts that make us think they're, you know, quintessentially hot desert creatures. What if those initially made it good in the snow? Huh? You sing your camel in the snow song. I don't have my auto tune on a camel in the snow. Camel in the snow. To make sure I really understood Natalia's backwards idea about camel features initially being good for the snow, I traveled to a very frosty place with lots of snow.


It is legit cold. A farm in Wisconsin in the middle of winter. Can I touch the hump? Go right ahead. Okay. This is the most famous feature Where there happens to live a seven foot tall camel named peanut. Are you trying to eat my backpack and lovingly pushing peanut's mouth away from my backpack is peanut's. Human friend Shane Peanut is an incredible camel. Oh my gosh. You are so cute. Okay, now, to me, peanut looks totally out of place on this snowy, snowy farm with pine trees in the back and humans wearing mittens all around him. But to Shane, who has spent nearly four years caring for peanut, he's not surprised at Natalia's theory at all.


He says that peanut adores the snow. Ooh. In fact, peanuts, sheer joy whenever it starts snowing, inspired him to write this hit song or hit to me and his like 20,000 TikTok followers where he posts videos of peanut and his other two camel friends rolling frolicking, playing in the snow every time it snows snow Camel in the snow. Snow. And so now with Shane and Peanut's help, we are gonna run back through those same four features that made the camel so good in the desert, the eyes, The mouth, the feet, and the hum.


And explain how they make the camel great in the snow. Yeah, Let's do it. Song bud. Okay. First, the long lashes on those pretty brown eyes I put on mascara today. Who's got better eyelashes? Mere peanut. Be honest here. Peanut. Yes. Look at those. I know. It's Like not even a competition So long. Great for Swatting away sand, but Oh yeah. I guess that works in a snowstorm too. They're kind of built in windshield wipers. Wow. Next up the mouth. He put your bare hand in his mouth, peeled back his lips. It looked like tentacles. A mouth lined with tough bumps can allow it to gobble down a spiny cactus. Isn't that neat? If you could imagine, where else might this ability be?


Good. How about the thorns and brambles of the cold winter wood? Oh, Camel will eat anything. It has to to survive. Shrubs, greens, trees, cactus, Watching Lulu's backpack. Are you trying to eat my backpack? Next up the eyes, the mouth, the feet. Think about those big huge feet. We think about them tromping over sand, right? Yep. But what if they were tromping over snow? Now When I put his foot back down, yeah. It's going to expand about a half inch to an inch. It like spreads out Like a pair of snow shoes. It's like a giant pancake. Giant pancake for sure let's it Walk for miles a day without sinking to its knees.


Now What's that last lumpy trait that lets camel survive the deep freeze, that Backpack full of junk, the camel's. Funky, lumpy humps. Think about it. Would it be helpful to have an extra store of fat during a six month long winter? Oh my Gosh. Especially It sounds pretty helpful actually. Right? It keeps you warm and gives you food. It's Usually not a lot growing out there in the middle of winter, the Eyes, the mouth, the feet and the hump. An arctic superstar that struts its snowy stuff. Wow. Wow, wow. You're gonna walk on up. You're gonna put your foot over like a bike. Okay. To close out our adventure, Shane asked me if I wanted to ride peanut.


I've certainly never ridden a camel before, so I climbed up. Okay, here we go. Into the little arch between its hump and its neck. Woo hoo. Okay. And then Shane opened the gate to the barn. And let us just go peanut walking effortlessly through a snowy field toward pine trees and faraway barn. Wow. Hey, big guy. It's a nice ride. Can go like miles and miles a day. Miles, Miles, miles, miles and miles. And at some point sitting up high on that camel, I started to see through that same backwards funhouse mirror that Natalia did.


Right? You see a camel in the desert and in your mind you jump to, and this is exactly the way it's always been. And it's supposed to be, and it fits perfectly. Right? Right. And it might not have gone that way. It might be a completely different story, a weirder story that you'd never predict. Yeah. It makes me think that like belonging comes in all kinds of ways. Maybe you're born into a situation where you fit perfectly, or maybe the place where you fit is coming down the line and everything you're doing right now will help you get there.


Yeah. And for Natalia looking closely at the camo, which is, you know, this globe trotter that's trotted its big feet across the globe. It's sh her not just the strange story that's behind it, but also the one in front of it. These are the animals of the future because they're so resilient. Hmm. If we think about the future in a much hotter earth with drought and these unexpected weather changes, Hmm. If only there was a creature that could go weeks without water and that could endure 120 degree heat without slowing down. This is the kind of animal that can survive all that. And there are serious proposals on the table to bring camels back to the USA to be farm animals.


Hmm. Because they can better endure the heat and because they could graze on all that spiny underbrush that can catch fire so easily and cause wildfires to spread. Oh. And as someone who literally had to flee my own this year because of a wildfire, let me just put on the record that I am pro any anti wildfire uses of camels. Wow. We're Shifting back to much warmer time. Camels are one of the animals that should do better than others. This is so fun. This is like the best day of my winter by far.


Thank you. You are so handsome. Anything to say, my friend Can in the snow. Ha ha ha ha. Came in the snow. It's snowing. And you're a camel. You are a snowy camel can in the snow From here up high atop this camel. We see it. Walk the earth below. It all makes sense. We see so clearly this camel seems just right at home.


Camel the came in. The came in the, came in the snow. Alan Goffinski in harmony with his incredible wife, Alita GSKi. Let's hear it for the GSKi on skis on a camel. Okay. And that's it. That's all for us. Nothing even remotely interesting happening after that.


Whoa. What's that? Excuse Me, I have a question. Me two, me three. Me four. The Badgers listeners with badgering questions for the expert. Natalia Shane, You ready? Absolutely. For Sure. Hi, my name is Anisa. I'm 25. Have you ever been spit on by a Camel? Honestly, I get spit on a couple times a year. It's very, very gross. Oh no. I have longer hair and it's definitely like a two or three shower ordeal if it gets in there. Wow. Hi, my name is Alice. I'm 10 years old and my question is, has there ever been a three hunt camel Pregnant? Oh, Daun. My name is Owen and I'm 10 years old. You've used smell to identify bones, but have you ever tasted a potential fossil to see if it's legit?


I've licked a fossil. You've Licked a fossil. Yes. If you pick up a bone out of the ground, and then if you lick it, you'd be like, oh look, it's, it actually is a nice shiny little tooth. Why does licking it tell you it's a tooth? It just cleans it up really fast. Wow. Okay. So tele biologist putting all five senses to work. My name is Walter Arms seven. Does camels make milk? Yeah, it's it's special. What does it taste like? It's salty and it's thick. But camel milk is actually really, really good for people that are lactose intolerant too. A lot of people can tolerate the camel milk. Do People eat like camel cheese? Yeah. So there's camel cheese, there's camel ice cream, camel body wash, camel soap.


What Would you call camel ice cream flavor. Camel caramel. Yeah, caramel camo. Camel. Camel. Ralph. My tongue. First, let's try to say that My name is Ida. I'm eight years old. What's the biggest mistake you've made on the job? We didn't put enough gas in the A TV One day. Okay. But it broke down next to a new fossil. So that Turns out okay. What did you find That was a walking seal? Oh, sorry, What? A seal. That represents a time in the evolution of seals before they had flippers. Oh, like A land seal. Yeah, he looked like an otter. Webbed feet and a long tail. And he lived in the arctic like 20 million years ago.


Wait, Alan, Alan, did you know there were walking seals? I had no idea. Are we talking like five toes? Yes. Really? Like I'm imagining them with like Air Jordans on. This is how I prefer to think about seals from now on. Like Walking through the fours. Are they kinda waddling like penguin? They're on all Fours. Yeah. Yeah, they're on all fours. They're not. Yeah, they're not upright. I am now picturing it with sneakers. Alan. I love that. Trust shows was created by me. Lulu Miller with WNYC Studios, our executive producer is Sarah Sandbach. This episode was produced by Alan Goffinski, Mira Burt Wintonick, Ana Gonzalez, Tanya Chales, Sarah Sandbach, Joe Plourde, and me with Fact checking by Anna Pujol. Mancini support for Terrestrials is provided by the Simons Foundation, the Arthur Vining Davis Foundations, and the John Templeton Foundation.


Thank you. And big special thanks to my co-host at Radiolab Latif Nasser for telling us this story. He originally told it as a TED talk where he brought out a live camel at the very end. It's incredible. And if you wanna see it, just Google Latif Nasser Camel and Ted, Thank you also to Carly Mensch, Juliet Blake, Anna Beck, tol Stone, Natalia Kinski, and our camel man, Shane Riggin. If you are in Wisconsin, you can go meet his camels at Rigden Ranch and you can follow his truly delightful TikTok to see camels on the snow at Rigdon Ranch.


I wonder what a camel snow angel would look like, or Santa Sleigh drawn by flying camels. Maybe some of them wearing winter hats. I don't know. Maybe you do. Anyway, send us a drawing at T-E-R-R-E-S-T-R-I-A-L-S at WNYC org. And hey, if you wanna get emails from us, just sign up for our newsletter by going to www dot Terrestrials podcast.org. And if you wanna see pictures of the animals from our episodes and silly videos of us dancing and singing, follow us on Instagram and TikTok at Terrestrials podcast.


And finally, if you like our strange little show about the earth and the creatures on it, please rate and review our podcast on Apple or Spotify. It really makes a huge difference. And or go a little further and pledge a few dollars of your support. You can support Terrestrials by becoming a member of the lab. To do that, just go to Terrestrials podcast.org/join this season. If you sign up, you will get a photocopy of a rat from our rats episode. I promise it's cute and kind of stylish and not gross, and I will sign it. Anyway, That was a lot of links. All of them are also linked in the episode description on whatever you're listening to right now. You can just scroll down and you'll see 'em anyway.


Okay, that's it. Enough words. See you in a couple spins of this snowy old planet of ours. Bye. Hi, I'm Ailey, and I'm from North Carolina. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w, Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz Gutierrez, CIN Nansan, Matt Kielty, Annie McKeen, Alex Neeson, Sara Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Viza, Arianne Wack, pat Walters and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, my name's Diana and I'm calling from Madrid, Spain. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, science Sand Foundation Initiative. Templeton Foundation Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation. A whole new season of Terrestrials is coming, radio Lab's, family friendly show all about nature. This season we are back with a new batch of episodes where we come face to snout with some of the wildest snout, gnarliest creatures on this planet.


We discover music, magic medicine, and a whole lot of fun starting April 17. All on the radio lab for Kids Feed. Wherever you listen to podcasts. W WNYC Studios is supported by the John Templeton Foundation funding interdisciplinary research and catalyzing conversations. To inspire awe and wonder, dive deeply into the wonders of the universe@templeton.org.


At Firestone complete autocare, we hold our service to the highest standard. That's why we have thousands of a SE certified expert technicians nationally. So if you're looking for car service that's got your back on the road, choose the place that treats every car like their own and every customer like family. Don't wait any longer. Call your local Firestone complete auto care and book your next appointment today.