
Radiolab is supported by Betterment. When investing your money starts to feel like a second job. Betterment steps in with a little work life balance. They are the automated investing and savings app that handles the work. So you don't have to, your money is diversified and optimized day after day, again and again because your money doesn't need a work life balance you do. Plus new investing customers can also get up to a thousand dollars with a qualifying deposit. Terms apply. Make your money hustle with betterment. Get started@betterment.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.


Radiolab is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary Not available In all states.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.


Oh wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. See? Yep. My, the one thing I have to apologize for is I'm still kind of stuffed up, so you're gonna hear noses being blown frequently, but I will do it off mic. Oh, that's okay. I, I'm not particularly sensitive to nose blowing. So This Is Radiolab. I'm Lulu Miller, and today is day three of our week of sharks. Do you feel good? You in a zone, you feel I'm in a zone. And today's story comes to us from producer Becca Bressler.


Yeah. Well, I do think that this is maybe the most interesting story I've ever worked on. Ooh. And it's actually kind of weirdly fitting that you're sick right now. Okay. But, okay. So first couple of episodes, we were swimming in the shark infested waters of Australia. Today, I'm gonna take you somewhere different. Great. Where Are we going? Buckle up. Buckled. We are going to Wisconsin. Okay. Midwest landlocked. This is not where I'm thinking you're going to encounter a Shark. No. As as I wasn't expecting it either, but I was going to see this scientist. Hey Aaron. His name's Aaron. Matthew Lebo. How's it going?


Good. How are you? And he, I'm the least sciencey person I know. Has a kind of funny way into this. I Originally went to University of Arizona as an undergrad to play football, have fun and party, Took a chemistry class. Absolutely fell in love with chemistry. And then from there on, I just became a scientist. But did you party too? Important question. I partied a whole lot. Yes. I've, I consume my body volume and tequila many times. Anyway, he gets his PhD. Dr. Lebo, Dr. Lebo ends up at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, where he has his own lab. So can you say where we're headed right now? We're headed to my laboratory on the seventh. Oh, I can't say that. A secret lab. Oh. Oh, we're, we're gonna hop on the shuttle now.


Yes. Okay. So we took a bus about five to 10 minutes across campus there. I stop right here. Got off and walked over to a nondescript location. I Can't tell you where it is. I won't ask again. I swear. Went into this building and down a flight of stairs if I can delegate into the basement. The room we're in right now looks kind of empty. It's into this big abandoned lab. It was, I think last used about 15, 20 years ago. Empty cabinets, dusty black counters. It's Been abandoned since. And then we turned around a corner into this other room where, oh, whoa. In the middle of it. Can you just describe to me what I'm looking at right now? Yeah. You're looking at a state-of-the-art, 7,000 gallon salt water tank.


There is a Huge, huge, huge fish tank, basically And above ground pool of whoa sharks. Oh my God. So how many sharks are in here? Five. Five sharks. So You're in like an unmarked bunker With a pool full of sharks? Yes. Specifically nurse sharks. Nurse sharks. Okay. So they are, they're the littler ones. So these ones were only about like two feet long, But these guys are also not full grown yet. In the wild you have nurse sharks that are, you know, 8, 9, 10 feet long, Big. Okay. And they look shark like, but maybe not exactly what you're thinking. They don't Have the large jaws like a, a great white dew.


They've Got these tiny little mouths that Suck up food. That's the sound of the suction. Yeah. They also have whiskers. Oh. So some people call them cat sharks. Okay. But maybe most importantly, these sharks, these Are like swimming fossils. They're ancient. Ooh. They come from a line of sharks that date back four Oh million years ago. Ooh Huh. And hidden inside of them. Scientists like Aaron believe there is this very ancient key, a key that could unlock our ability to fight off some of the deadliest threats we face on earth. And that's, that's actually the, that's really the story that I wanna tell. Yeah.


Okay. Keep us Going. Okay. First to get to Erin's lab, we have to go from sharks. Sounds Kinda strange when you've got the headphones on actually talking Back to us. I Can't hear now. Hello? Oh, there we go. Hi. Hey Caroline. Hi Becca. Because How are you? Define this key scientist first had to figure out something very deep and mysterious about humans. So I guess to just start this off, Caroline, can you tell me a little bit about who you are and, and what you do? Yeah, sure. Becca. So, yes, so I'm Caroline Burrell. I've always been passionate about life sciences. Kinda set off my career at university studying biochemistry.


Then moved on to a PhD. She runs a biotech company now. Yeah. And she's spent a ton of time researching and studying the immune system. And in particular Antibodies. Oh. Oh, they're formidable. One of the most incredible parts of our immune system that Are protecting us nonstop 24 7 from the onslaught of what's going on in our daily lives. So let's say you're out in the world, like at a park or something, and some guy coughs right in your face. And let's say a little bit of that cold virus he has goes into your body. And what happens is Just wizardry, These immune cells show up and each one of them starts pumping out hundreds Of thousands of these antibodies.


So that quickly, Your body is full of this army Of billions and billions of antibodies that are specifically designed for their Target. That virus And an antibody. It Looks like a big Y. So this army of Ys hone in, surround this virus and the Two arms of that y Reach out and latch onto the virus and Just kinda hold onto it really Tightly Until other cells can come in and kill it. It's Just, it blows your mind. It really does Because Caroline points out, it's not just that your immune cells are doing this for a virus. It can be something like a Fungus, like a bacteria, Maybe a parasite, a toxin.


You know, you may get a small cut, you may get dust in your eyes, you may get something going on, Whatever it is, you Can make antibodies against almost anything that's out there. Taylor made bespoke antibodies for anything, anything, Even if it's never existed in our environment before. Wait, What? Yes. Even for things that don't exist, your immune cells can make antibodies for it. That is so cool. It it's amazing actually, sorry, I I, it almost sounds religious. The pope just died and I don't, So these two new voices you hear? Yeah. I'm Helen Dooley. One is Helen Dooley, the other Martin Flack. Martin Flack. I work For the medical school here at University of Maryland.


Baltimore So does Martin almost 30 years at Maryland. And the two of them, they study the evolution of immune systems to try And understand how the immune system that we have evolved. So this is where the story really picks up. Okay. Because Helena bar explain, when we first discovered antibodies, there was this real puzzle as to how they could even exist. How an immune cell can even do what it does, how it can Generate billions of different antibodies. Like That's something a cell shouldn't be able to do. It Didn't make sense Because if you think about, say a hair cell, it has DNA in it that tells it how to make hair. And we Thought That was the same with antibodies.


But then it turns out if you can make antibodies against all these different things, you would need so much DNA in your cells that the whole system just wouldn't Work. Your cells literally can't contain that much information. Yeah. So then in the 1970s, the group was looking at antibody genes, the genes that encode antibodies or part of antibodies. And while they were looking at the genes in this immune cell, what They realized Was that in it, there Was something really special. There seemed to be a gene in there That was going around and snipping up DNA and then shuffling those bits and then stitching them back together. And What that meant was the cell could mix and match Different pieces of DNA, and By virtue of that, The immune cell could create billions of different combinations in order to create Billions of different antibodies.


It just is incredible. It's incredibly complicated, but it's just amazing. It's a sort of magic That bit is genetically just wizardry that No other cell in our body can do just our immune cells. But When they saw that, they thought, Hmm, okay, that's interesting. And of course the beauty of academia is that they will then dive down and they will start asking more questions, trying to answer more questions, researching it and, and that's, that really was the start of the whole thing. Because what scientists wanted to know now was when did this happen? Like when did this one cell, the immune cell, suddenly get this superpower?


So for years, what you had were groups of scientists like this team down in Miami, Basically looking at the animals that were there in the waters off Florida and taking blood samples, looking For antibodies, evidence of this superpower. And when it first showed up. So They were basically going back to other creatures to see if these antibodies were present or not at that point in time. So the idea being they would take blood samples from these animals comb through whatever it is they find in there and see If any of them kind of had the same like weight or characteristics as a human antibody. Classic Y. Right. The Y shape. So burst up birds, birds split off on the evolutionary tree about 300 million years ago.


Okay. Turns out researchers already knew this, but birds have the little Y antibody. Yes. And so next step, they went back to Reptiles 320 million years ago, they Have antibodies. So back further Amphibians About 360 million years ago, antibodies even further back to fish 430 million years ago. Antibodies Again 450 million years ago. Sharks, they have them too. And then it stopped. Hmm. So animals without backbones, everybody would know the sea urchin, Which is about 500 million years old. When You look at those creatures there, there are no antibodies. What they have are much simpler immune cells that can defend against far fewer things.


That's right. And so sharks are Really, wait, hold on. Literally, sorry, I have to stop talking. I have to blow my nose 'cause I can't hear You. Oh yeah, sure. Okay. Like are there antibodies? Can that snot I I think so. I, I, I mean I That's not really, okay, keep going. Okay. Anyways, so sharks are the oldest living things on earth that have an immune system like ours. It's like pretty much where our immune system began. Does Anyone know why? Like why were sharks the place where this immune system first showed up? Yeah. So around that time, There were some interesting things that happened 450 to 500 million years ago Through the randomness of evolution, the branch that had sea urchins suddenly split.


And now you started to have animals with a Backbone, A tail fins, a head, a Jaw and teeth, A large brain complex. And arona circuits, You get fish that lead to bigger fish and eventually the shark a predator that the world has never seen before. And once you have a predator, pretty much everything else becomes prey. And there is going to be a ratio that you have to maintain. Like there has to be some sort of balance. Yes. You can't have too many predators with the prey. If you did, all the predators would eat all the prey. There would be nothing left to eat. And so what you see Martin says often in nature Is predators in general don't have very many offspring.


They have fewer babies. So it maintains this balance. Now This is heavy speculation. Okay. Okay. But Martin's theory is if you have fewer offspring, then those offspring will need every defense they can get such as little y shape molecules with two arms Antibodies. And what scientists piece together is that right here around that split when you have jawed predators with teeth, that simple immune cell in sea urchins, the Idea is it was this lucky event Where this little rogue piece of DNA that you can find in all animals just so happened to make its way into that simple immune cell and tweak one of its genes And give it this property where now it can mix and match different pieces of DNA, The ability to generate billions of different antibodies.


It's almost like mj, let's go. The way that I think about it is the spider that bit Peter Parker like bit this immune cell, this like proto antibody and suddenly you have this super hero immune cell that can defend against anything That has come in from the outside. That's one theory on the phone. You said there, there are others and you very funnily suggested there are all raw, but are, do you know what they are?


Are there any other, any other big theories out there? There I, I can tell you one. I can tell you one. Okay. Okay. So this one's called the Jaws hypothesis Jaws. So once jaws emerge, you have these species that can eat things with bones, they can munch on their bones and The bones during digestion could cause scarring of the digestive tract and therefore, you know, cause potential infections. So some people think it evolved because you are now exposed to so many more things. Okay. And you need to fight off those different infections that could arise. Okay. Right. That Makes sense. Like the more opportunities there are to be exposed to things that kill you, therefore defeating things that kill you must Be better.


Right. Exactly. But the, but the funny thing is, is that one scientist started to really put this whole puzzle together of how we got this immune system. When they found it in sharks, they were just like, meh. Okay. The Prevailing thought was that Sharks had a very simplistic version of our immune system. Almost like the, you know, the model T four of our Ferrari immune system, Like we can make antibodies can three to four days sharks we're Looking at three to four Months. They thought it's not that efficient. It's Immune responses are very slow. It's like 400 million years old. Of course it's not as good as ours. Yeah. But that idea would, Sorry.


It's okay. That idea would be proven to be very, very wrong. Dead wrong. We will be right back. Stick With us


Gardner. WNYC Studios is supported by Earth Justice as a national legal nonprofit. Earth Justice has more than 200 full-time lawyers who fight for a healthy environment. They wield the power of the law to protect people's health, preserve magnificent places and wildlife and advance clean energy to combat climate change. Earth justice fights in court because the earth needs a good lawyer. Learn more@earthjustice.org.


This is an ad by BetterHelp. You know, being a good guy, being I guess a man today is sort of a never ending act of recalibration. It is a wonderful noble challenge, but a challenge nonetheless. We've gotta be strong but vulnerable to be able to lead. But also listen, we are told at times to protect, but know that we should never control. I mean, it can be confusing. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, often undiagnosed. And I guess I'm just here to say, well, talking to someone, it can help. I have had some wonderful therapists over the years. They have helped me in, in many ways to be less reactive, to be more aware, to be a better partner, a better friend. So if you're looking for someone to talk to, BetterHelp is a great place to start with. Over 35,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it is convenient. You can join a session with the click of a button and you can switch therapists at any time. So to give therapy a try and to get 10% off your first month, go to BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/radiolab.


Radiolab is supported by factor. As summertime is gearing up schedules may look a little more touch and go. Whether it's an upcoming family vacation or kids' summer camp that has you leaving work earlier than usual. So meals might take a hit and factor is here to help. Thanks to the menus crafted by chefs with options like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto Factor offers fresh never frozen meals plus their dietician approved and ready to eat. In just two minutes, you can feel nourished and ready to roll no matter what life throws at you. Perfect for any active, busy lifestyle. With 40 options across eight dietary preferences on the menu each week, it's easy to pick meals that are tailored to your eating goals factor can help you feel your best all day long With wholesome smoothies, breakfast grab and go snacks and more add-ons. Eat Smart with factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash Radiolab and use code Radiolab to get 50% off your first box plus free shipping. That's code Radiolab at factor meals.com/radiolab to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box.


Radiolab is supported by Mint Mobile. You know what doesn't belong in your epic summer plans getting burned by your old wireless bill while you're planning your beach trips. Barbecues in three day weekends, your wireless bill should be the last thing holding you back. With Mint, you can get the coverage and speed you're used to for less money and for a limited time. Mint Mobile is offering three months of unlimited premium wireless service at an affordable rate. Use your own phone with any Mint mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts this year. Skip breaking a sweat and breaking the bank. Ditch the overpriced wireless plans and get this new customer offer and your three month unlimited wireless plan at mint mobile.com/radiolab. That's mint mobile.com/radiolab. Upfront payment of $45 required equivalent to $15 per month. Limited time new customer offer for first three months only speeds. May slow above 35 gigabytes on unlimited plan taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


Lulu Radiolab back with Becca Bressler sharks and the things inside them that keep them from getting sick. Immune systems are just insane. I mean, just the fact that we can create antibodies against things that don't even exist in nature. I love that. What? Love that. That's so cool. Yeah. Okay, wait. So let's zoom Yeah. Way out. Okay. So just a recap. Yes, go ahead. We meet a guy named Aaron. He takes you to a bunker. He's curious in immune responses. We're learning about like pro, you know, probably there was this big bang around 500 million years ago that goes hand in hand with complexity. And now yes. Where are we going next? Yeah, so where we left off, scientists had discovered sharks have an immune system, but thought it was pretty simple compared to ours.


Right. You know, the Ford to our Ferrari as Helen put it. But that all started to change in the late eighties when Martin showed up, got My first job in 1987 at the University of Miami In an immunology lab. And there they worked on sharks, obviously Looking at their immune cells that make their antibodies. We Wanted to isolate the cells from the shark and then study their functions. So when they started playing around with these cells, they saw, of course they made shark antibodies, right? Obviously that's right. But then he also saw this other thing That the shark was making That sort of looked like an antibody but a little Different. It Had the same y shape, the two arms, but it was smaller And That was weird.


Hadn't seen that before. No. So he grabs some of these itty bitty wise, puts them under a microscope, it's Called electron microscopy. And what he sees is that the arms on these things Were highly mobile, Like really flexible. They move from zero degrees to 180 degrees, like a, you know, a cheerleader with her arms out. Hmm. And this was something completely new. We've never seen it before in a shark in us, in any immune system. Yeah. It just smelled to me like this was something interesting. I think That's kind of where, I think that's kind of where I came in. And so over the next few years, Helen and Martin, they would do these experiments where they would take something that didn't belong in a shark, put it inside of it and watch these little wis surround this thing in the shark.


And with their flexible arms, they would get into it and they would hold it super, super tightly. Just amazed by It. And the two of them were like, it's Amazing. Oh, these are antibodies. These are like a whole new type of antibody. That was fantastic. So when you discovered this, did you understand the implications of it? No, I, I probably should have. I probably should have. But you know, So Martin, he's just seeing something new, basic Science. He just saw a Thing, he just saw a thing. However, because these antibodies are so tiny and so flexible and so sticky, scientists today actually think that they might be the key to, to, what's the word I'm looking for?


Not solving but like the, the key to curing cancer in humans. In humans. What? Yes. Wait, what? How? Okay, stick with me. So can I take photos or is that a No-no, no, absolutely. Okay. This is actually where I wanna take us back to Aaron's lab in a basement in Madison, in a basement in Madison. The big Boy there is Mr. Stamper Because Aaron is one of the few people who is developing these antibodies to try to cure cancer. So we've got nets out and, and you're using the nets to, To corral the, these sharks in place so we can catch 'em with a big net here.


And so how this works is we go, they catch a shark. So we got a shark. Oh, should I move? I should move. They dump them in this bucket full of anesthesia to put them to sleep. If you weren't putting pressure on the top, would it like fly out of the bin? It would Fly out the bin, yes. And once it's out, he's out. Okay. We got a sleepy shark. They inject a little piece of the surface of a cancer cell into that shark. Is this any kind of cancer? Is this a particular kind of cancer cell? Prostate cancer? This is Prostate cancer that is resistant to all forms of current chemotherapy. Okay. And where are you, where are you putting this injection? Last time we Did the left fin. So this time we're doing the right Fin and once they have this little bit of a cancer cell in the shark, you Have a huge immune response. The shark starts producing millions of antibodies and then you deliver Repeat booster shots Of these species.


They do it again and again for A terrible analogy, Getting these sharks to make these antibodies over and over, it's Kind of like playing basketball. So if you're practice more, you're a better shot. Same with the immune system. This is immunotherapy training antibodies to be really good at latching onto a target because once you've trained it to say latch onto a cancer cell, you can attach a little like radioactive bomb to the antibody. We Basically use the antibody as a delivery system to efficiently deliver This little bomb to The cancer cell. To kill it. Yes, correct. And this is also something we do with human antibodies, even for like certain types of cancers, but sometimes human antibodies are not very good at sticking to cancer cells.


But shark Antibodies with Those small flexible wiggly arms, They can essentially do molecular yoga and adopt many different shapes. And by adopting many different shapes they can get into nooks and crannies of targets that human antibodies can't access. Like certain parts of cancer cells. Yes. So Aaron said that it takes about two months to train these antibodies and that the first time they went to test one of these things, oh This is about two years ago, They took the shark antibody, injected it into a mouse with a tumor through The tail vein of the mouse, Did some fancy imaging and I Thought, well I've never seen this before. Within a day we saw the antibody humming to the tumor and just collecting there They were just latching onto these tumor cells and nowhere else they didn't find it anywhere else in the body.


Stop it like laser focused right to the tumor. It moved like we think sharks move, like where they like detect stealth. Totally like detect a drop of blot of then what? Were you surprised by this or were you expecting these results? I've been doing mouse radiology for 20 years and it, it knocked my socks off really? Honestly. Yeah. I've never seen anything, I've never seen antibody work that well. And they would follow up that study with another where they attached a little bomb to the antibody and it worked. Wow. They eradicated the cancer. Wow. Do you see any immune response to the antibody? Because I guess I would just expect for that a shark antibody for a mouse is like a foreign invader that the mouse would then, you know, produce antibodies against.


Yeah. So for some reason we do not see an immune response and we don't really know the concrete reason why. We've done studies in mice and, and other rodents and there are a few other people working on shark antibodies in the world. And that's one thing that we all talk about is how we don't see an immune response against them. I mean I think that's so fascinating because like even for a human, if you're growing a fetus that's half genetically yours, your body will launch an immune response. Like that's the, you know, the purpose of the placenta and the sort of struggle of pregnancy. I just can't even grasp that a shark antibody would not trigger an immune response. Yeah, it's, it's one of those things that you have to see to believe. And we've seen it many times and we're gonna do a primate study, we're gonna do a imaging study to see where this antibody goes in the body of a non-human primate.


And then we're gonna also repeatedly dose the primate with the antibody to see if we do generate an immune response against it. And my hunch is we won't see any antibodies against our shark antibody. Wow. Yeah, I mean I don't know if we should do any meaning making here, but can I just like Yeah, Go for it. I mean I think so much of what we learned in the first couple days of our week of shark is like that a monster. It maintains its fear by being unknown, unseen, sort of other, and there's something like if at the molecular level we can embrace these things as us there is like profound molecular entanglement.


Like they are so much closer than I ever thought. Yeah, yeah. I mean like it's that entanglement is precisely why they can heal us, you know? Yeah. Like the these animals that we don't even wanna share the water with because we're afraid that they'll harm us could actually save us. Oh wow. So each shark you're using for different Yep. Each shark is fighting a different disease And not just from cancer. The shark We have right here is being injected with proteins that are expressed when we sense pain. So with one of those sharks, they're developing antibodies against pain receptors that you find in humans.


Oh. So they can help us find where that pain is in the body. Wow. We Had one shark That was pumped full of fentanyl to make anti fentanyl shark antibodies. They're developing antibodies against lung cancer, breast cancer, Alzheimer's. Okay. Wow. So you're saying just like there's this burgeoning hope of potential for what these antibodies can heal or make clear. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you think about that? It's Pretty cool. It's beautiful. Yeah. Do you think that sharks like these antibodies can be the most powerful tools we have to fight these diseases?


Never say never. Potentially. Potentially. I would think. I would think that the future is shark personally. The future is shark. Yes. I feel like that's a good place to end. The future is shark. This episode was Reported by Becca Bresler. It was produced by Becca Bressler and Matt Kte. Original music from Matt Kte Sound Design contributed by Matt Kelty, Jeremy Bloom, and Becca Bressler. Fact checking by Diane Kelly and edited by Pat Walters. Special thanks to Han Gun, Rossin, Jay West, Kendall Ott, and the entire Lebo lab at the University of Wisconsin.


Madison. Go Sharks. Not actually their mascot, but maybe it should be. One more thing. We want to give a big thanks to everyone out there who is a member of the lab, our membership program. Your support makes big projects like this possible and we are so grateful. And if you aren't a member or you've been thinking about giving more, this is a great moment to take the plunge because if you join or re-up right now, you'll receive a very cool gift, a limited edition week of Shark's hat designed by the awesome Maine based artist and surfer Ty Williams. It's so beautiful and fun and it gives you a chance to show the world you support public radio in the form of Radiolab, but also support seeing sharks in a new way.


The shark hat is available to everyone who joins the lab this month, even for as little as $7 a month. You can join at radiolab.org/join existing members. Check your email for details and thank you so much. Swim on back over to us tomorrow morning where there will be yet another episode about sharks surfacing in This Radiolab feed. Hi, I'm Georgina and I'm from China. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Arod and is edited by Willer, Lulu Miller and La nasa. Our co-host Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design.


Our staff includes Simon Aler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bras w Harry Fortuner, David Gable, Rebecca, Alex, Alia, pat Gutierrez Duan, Matt kt, Annie Ewen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Za, Arian, wack, Pat Walters, Molly Webster, Jessica Young with help from Rebecca and Alf, fat Trackers, j Kelly, Emily Krieger, Anna Ro Mimi, and Natalie Niton.


Hi, I'm Daniel from Madrid. Leadership support from Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Simons Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support from Radiolab was provided by the Alfred B Is Loan Foundation.


Time for a quick break to talk about McDonald's thirsty for the most refreshing refreshment the world has ever known. For just $2, you can sip a small frappe smoothie or frozen carbonated beverage. That's right. Ice cold, liquid elation for just $2. Pair it with a $3 sausage McMuffin with egg or a crispy chicken biscuit. For the ultimate satisfaction, price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer.


I'm Ira Plato, host of Science Friday. For over 30 years, our team has been reporting high quality news about science, technology and medicine news you won't get anywhere else. And now that political news is 24 7, our audience is turning to us to know about the really important stuff in their lives, cancer, climate change, genetic engineering, childhood diseases. Our sponsors know the value of science and health news. For more sponsorship information, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.