
Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Lab. Radiolab from WNYC. See? Yeah. Laev. Yeah. Lulu. Oh, So I have a special treat for you today. Okay. Recently I got to do a live show. It was in a little club in New York City called Caveat. Well, I always wanted to go there. Yeah, it's Really cute. It's got like a cabaret underground vibe is, Are you finally singing? I feel like you've been just, you know, to get out there and Sing. You know, I do not sing in this show at all, but there were live musicians, including Dylan Keefe, on his upright base, our Director of Sound design.


Oh, okay. Thank you all for coming out. Thank you. And a rockstar of sorts. A vere. We get some bring on music. Ooh, vere. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. So, as you know, vere Mitra is our ER doctor, special correspondent, who has done some of the most beloved medical mystery tales on the show. So Many vultures plane crashes. Mm, thank You so much. Easter Island Dirt. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And he had another one in store that he told on stage that night. Truly an odyssey takes us all over the globe. We blow by the Mennonite communities.


We go to Gambia, we go back into deep evolutionary time to stage a reunion, a physical reunion with what Avere calls humanity's oldest friend. Hmm. And he kicked off the whole thing with a bottle full of white liquid. We're talking about the magical substance that is breast milk. And because as you know, I recently had a baby, the breast milk was provided by me. Have an eight month old. I am breastfeeding. We also use formula. This is not an, this is not, we're not here to say one or the other is better, but instead, and so we just kind of held it up to the spotlight.


Everyone was looking at it and ave kicked the whole thing off with just a simple question. I guess I'm gonna throw it to the crowd. Like if we just had to name the components of breast milk, and I'm gonna take one off the table. We know that it's 87% water. Okay, fine. That's easy. But the solid part, like name some things, what's in breast milk? Vodka. Vodka, vodka, Depending on the mother's Night. Yes. Yeah. Right. Fat, sugar, sugar. Proteins. Proteins, hormones. Calcium. Calcium. You guys are right. I mean, everything you're saying is right, but there is something that we've missed. It's called human milk oligosaccharides.


Okay. And what's crazy is it's actually the third largest compound in breast milk, way above protein. So you know, you have lactose, that's the sugar that someone mentioned. You have lipids, that's fat. And then you have these HMOs, and they are strange Wait, HMOs. Yeah. It's not your healthcare health insurance organization. Oh, they are. They're actually sugars. But as Vere told us, they are totally different than normal sugars. And they form into these kind of gorgeous but strange, elaborate shapes, Ranches and chains, ferns and weird shapes. And they are, they are not found anywhere else in nature, just in human breast milk.


Weird. And in fact, veer calls them alien sugars. And that's the number three ingredient in breast milk. Alien sugar. That's The third biggest. Yeah. You can't get them at the local grocery store. And what's crazy about it is humans can't t digest this stuff at all. Like literally no human being can do anything with these sugars. And no one ever really thought to ask like, what's going on? Really? Until a scientist by the name of Bruce German came along and basically just asked a simple question, why? Why would a mother who's got very precious, limited calories, why would that mother literally dissolve her own body taking all these precious nutrients in calories to make milk that needs to feed this baby?


Why would the mom make these sugars that no baby can use? Why? So this is around 2005. Bruce is having these thoughts, and this is the era, sort of, of the microbiome where we're all thinking about the microbiome. And it's this idea that like we're basically human suits covered in bacteria, filled with bacteria, you know? And so he has this hunch that's basically like, okay, well if we can't use it, maybe there's a bacteria that can't in where that lives inside of a baby. You know, maybe there's a bacteria that lives in the baby would that Would sense like food for a baby bacteria. Right? So they design an experiment, basically taking an agar plate where bacteria like to grow.


Okay. So they decide, okay, we'll take an agar plate, sprinkle the alien sugars on the plate, and throw a bacteria in there and see if it grows. If You eat it, you'll proliferate. If you don't, you're gonna die. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. All right. You got it. Yeah. So they throw some bacteria, you know, take a common bacteria that lives in the gut, throw it on there, throw some HMOs, it dies. Doesn't work. No luck. Okay, try another one. No luck. Try a third one. No luck. Okay. How long is this taking? Well, so a year goes by. Yep. Bruce and his team are like begging, barring his stealing to get like any breast milk that they can, you know, begging on the street. Like, can I get some, you know, it's not working. A year goes by. Two years go by.


Okay. And finally on the third year, boom, they find something That was perfect. Ooh, wow. Why do we prep for these podcasts? We could just do this. I know. Let's just always do that. Okay. Okay. So they find something that's growing. You could see all this white stuff is bacteria that's growing at This point of year shows us a picture of a plate with all this bacteria growing on it, because They put it under a microscope and it looks very strange. Ooh. If you zoom in on the picture, this collection of Squiggles zoom in a little more, It's beautiful. Become, Zoom in a little more, These individual little, A little More y shapes. And so this is the bacteria that likes to eat the weird alien sugar in the breast milk.


Exactly. And so it turns out this bacteria is called bifidobacterium infantis. Bifido bacterium, Infantis. Never heard of it. Yeah. We can just call it bifid for short. It is shaped like a Y, and with one of the little spires kind of bent over like a little puppy dog ears, kind of cute. Anyway, this was the only bacteria they could find that actually ate those alien sugars in breast milk. Okay. Huh? Yeah. So yeah. Okay. So does that mean this is in my baby's belly? Well, that's the next question. Exactly. Right? Yeah. So you have, you found out of the thousands of bacteria, you found one that can eat these sugars.


That's crazy enough. Yeah. Because like, you know, we don't, we can't eat them, but it has all the genes and all the enzymes to eat these sugars that we make that we can't eat. It's, it's just weird, right? Yeah. So you would think, okay, this, this should be in some babies guts. Yeah. And so the way to look for that is, you know, when you have bacteria in your gut, you're gonna poop out some of that bacteria. So you really gotta get into poop. You know, that's, that's where this story is going. And so basically from there, Bruce and his team need to start collecting dirty diapers, you know, which, I don't know if that's an upgrade from begging from milk, but that's where they're at. So Bruce is working at uc Davis, he's around getting his friends and neighbors and strangers on the street to give him their dirty diapers.


Let's culture it. Let's see if we can find some bifid in there. Yeah. But no, he can't find any bifid in any of these, in any of these diapers. They're just not, so that theory Gone well. It might just be where they're located, you know? So they need, realize they need to sort of expand the search. Okay. And that's where this idea starts, what I call the amazing global baby diaper hunt. Okay. So it turns out that the, the Gates Foundation, for some reason, has collected stool samples from all over the planet. I, I'm not sure why. Okay. Don't tell Elon Musk about this, please. Basic science, you never know.


So they have just baby poop, like, like just lining their walls, I guess. I don't know, just Libraries of Poop. Just libraries of poop from all over the world. So Bruce calls them, you know, sets up a meeting and says, guy, can I get some of this? Let me get some of this poop. So yeah, they set up a deal where he's gonna, they're gonna send him poop from all over the world, and they're gonna look all over the place. So they look, they start looking at poop in Denmark. Okay. And no bifid. Okay. Scandinavia, Switzerland? No, no Bifid. Okay. But then they get to Gambia. Huh? Bifid. It's there in the poop. Cambodia Bifid, it's there. Rural China, Bangladesh, they have Bifid, huh? Weirdly, the only people in the us Yeah, Mennonites.


Mennonites have the bifid, the babies have it. Very strange. Why some places and not others? Well, that's the question. At this time, they don't really know why here, why not there? Yeah. It's a mystery. I mean, it certainly could be, you know, maybe this bacteria survives in a certain climate. Maybe it's genetic differences, maybe it's lifestyle differences. It's an open question. Okay. Yeah. Does he have any guesses of like, there's obviously some bacteria we like that are great for gut gut health. Some we don't want, is it, does he have any sense of what it's actually Doing? Right. That's the next question. Is Bruce and the team guy by the name of David Mills, all these amazing scientists wanna figure out what is this bacteria doing? Yeah. So what they do is they do another experiment. They basically take some cells from the gut, which you can take, you can culture them, and you can put them on a plate.


And when you put gut cells on a plate, they actually automatically form themselves into a wall. And so it's kind of cool because, you know, gut cells, what they're supposed to do is basically form a wall. And anything you eat or drink has to basically go through those cells to get to your body. So it wants to make sure all the food is the right food. It's all broken down properly, all the good stuff comes in, all the bad stuff stays out. That's what the gut cells do. So they form into this wall, All right? The gut's being formed into Petri dish. Okay. They throw some bifido bacterium on the Petri dish and see what happens. Yeah. And right away they notice that the bacteria are able to sort of latch onto the walls of the gut, just like, hang there, like mountain climbers, huh, huh. And they start proliferating really fast and basically coating the whole wall.


Whoa. So that, that this yha bacteria that likes alien sugars with enough time will, it's almost like wallpaper on the inside of the baby's Gut. Yeah, exactly. It's like wallpaper on the walls. Okay. So it's like, so I guess I ask again, is this a good, is this a good thing? Right. We don't know like if it's good or not. Okay. So to answer that, yeah, I gotta tell you a story. Okay. Alright. I love the story. So Dylan, guys, I'm gonna need a little bit of like rogue, don't try this at home, just don't try this type of stuff at home. Okay. So our story centers around Dr. Shera Sheldon, who at the time is a PhD student. Okay? Now she's studying this stuff.


She goes to a lecture where Bruce is talking about these results and she sticks in the back of her mind. Meanwhile, her father is a professor at the vet school, and he works at a lab, like at the, not at a lab, at a barn that's raising these thoroughbred horses. Oh, All right. Okay. So thoroughbred horses, if you don't know, you know, those are those really expensive horses that you know, they eat way better food than you and I. Yeah. Their lives are definitely more valuable than ours. Like these are expensive horses. It's Fine. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But there's a problem at the barn, every new fo that's being born to these horses after a few days is getting diarrhea, fevers, and then dying.


Oh yeah. And that's sad because we like horses, but also sad because they're losing like hundreds of thousands of dollars every time they Happen on every fold. Okay. Okay. And the problem is, next week there's gonna be like 20 more fos being born. Oh no. And yeah, so basically what they do is they find out what's going on. And it turns out these horses are infested with like one of the worst diarrheal bacteria that we have. And if anyone works, does anyone work in healthcare or anything like that? I mean, what's that one bacteria diarrheal illness that we don't want to deal with? CC diff. C diff. Exactly. Oh, love c diff. You know it, once you smelled c diff once, you'll never forget. I mean, veer showed A picture of c diff That was right behind us on stage.


Okay. It looks kind of like a dynamite stick like exploding corn dog situation. So what? Yes. Yes. The corn dog dynamite stick. This bacteria is terrible. Okay. Like you can't, if you spray this with antiseptic, if you spray it with Purell, like it won't die. Like this thing doesn't die. Yes. It's really hard. Needs very strong antibiotics. Yeah. It's, it kills people all the time. We see this every time in the hospital and it was killing these horses. So these fos infested with c diff, the dad, who's the professor who works there is talking to his daughter about it and, and commiserating. And the daughter goes, wait, like I just heard a lecture by this guy Bruce German. Oh no. And he was talking about this bacteria that coats the walls, like, let's give this to the horses.


So, so the dad goes, yeah, I mean I, let's try it. So they take the bacteria from Bruce, they culture it, they mix it up with some milk. Okay. And then when the fo is just born, they squirt it into the FO's mouth. Like with a little baby bottle. Yeah. A little baby was squirted in what hope for The best. It's only a hundred thousand dollars on the line. Right. Okay. And lo and behold, what happens is, sure enough, 20 folds are born. None of them get c diff. All of them do fine. Whoa. Incredible. Wait, Go. Can we get a round of applause for she Rebel science? Again, Don't try it at home. Like, clinical trials are good, but Ingenuity. Okay. So I wanna play in my interview with her because I, I wish I could tell you the story stopped there, but it continues on.


Oh, alright. Okay. Let's see. I was like, good job brain for remembering the random lecture with Prius German. So In the room, we're actually now watching a video of the interview where you can see Shera on the left, put together short dark hair. And then Avera on the right is like kind of sweaty and like was just saving lives. Maybe. There are so many random lectures I had in med school that I will never remember. Like I don't know how you did that. I loved it though. I thought it was the neatest thing. I Don't know. Okay. So that's an amazing story, but I know that the story doesn't end there. What happens next? So time goes on, I'm still doing my PhD and got married, got pregnant, and then I had my baby wealthy baby.


Everything's going great. And then the change comes and we started dealing with a lot of gas, a lot of crying, just like he looked like he was in pain. We were trying everything for the gas, the little gas drops out of natural and the bicycle kicks, all kinds of things. So I just was getting quite desperate to find something that would work. And we kind of hit the breaking point when my husband was out of town. And so I'm alone with the baby and it was so bad he was up like all night just in pain, gassy. And I was like, this is not going to work.


And I said, we need something. And so I remembered the bifidobacterium and I said, I'm going to email Bruce. And so I sent a desperate email saying, please, please, I know you have some of the bifidobacterium still. Like I'd really like to try it. Okay. And so does he email back? Like, does he take a week to email back? He got back to me right away and he said, you can drive up and get it. And so I loaded up in the car, drove to Davis and went in and we got like a little bag, just a brown paper bag with samples in there.


And the syringe What, what they're in like little vials or something? Or like No, they're in little sachets, like a little rectangular packet that you like can knock across and pour Out. Oh, okay. Yeah. You got it. So I was like, Like a bag of drugs basically. Yeah. You know, you're using stuff that's being tested for research, so it's not very pretty. Right. I get home, I'm very excited to try this. I grab one of the little sachet packets out and I open it and I see there's like a powder in there. It had kind of an interesting odor I noticed. And then I mix it in with the breast milk and then suck it up in the syringe.


And then my mom helps me hold Connor and we hold his head and we put the syringe into his mouth, squirt it in. So we did that and they said just do one dose a day. So, you know, I'm sitting there with aided breath waiting to see if anything happens watching him, like, oh. And we didn't really see any changes right away. So I was a little disappointed. 'cause you're desperate at this point, right? I want results. I'm so tired. Right. And it took two days, so, and then it worked. Oh wow. Okay. What do you, what do you mean it worked like It? The change was just so drastic.


It was like a switch had clicked and he just was so much happier. He was sleeping, he wouldn't have the gas constantly and just seemed so much more relaxed. And I just, I was like, this is working and this is exactly what was missing from his microbiota. Well I, you know, the scientist in me has to ask like, you know, what, could this have just been a coincidence? You know, like, or placebo effect, you know, obviously you really wanted to see some results. Like what, how do you know, how do you know for sure that this did that I would be doing the same thing, right?


Oh, this is just a placebo. But the amount of dirty diapers had been very consistent. I had been keeping track. 'cause I love data and I'm a nerd, so I was keeping track of all of these things. And to go from like that eight to 11 down to two, I knew it was doing something. Wow. That's, I gotta say, I mean like, were, was there ever a, a part of you that felt like afraid to essentially be like experimenting on your firstborn child? Or did you just feel that confident? I mean, I felt really confident with it. I mean, there's a small part of you that's like, oh yeah, I'm giving this novel thing to my baby.


But when I saw all the benefit, it was like, this is right and it's working and everything's good, but it is scary. Okay. Oh wow. As a, I just have to say, is there any other like better image of sleep deprivation than like, this thing smelled a little weird, but let's put it down. Such a good thing. Wow. Okay. Go shera. Yeah. I mean what, okay. But, but to follow up on your, your question there, like do we know what it, like, is there still a chance that could have been placebo? Like do we have any clue about what's actually happening at the cellular level? Like what is going on? Yeah, So Bruce sort of made a deal with Shera.


Like I'll give you the bacteria, you give me his diapers. Okay. Common theme we're seeing emerge here. So that's what he does. He sort of collects Connor's diapers and a bunch of other kids too. And he's sort of seeing what's going on. Let's check the microbiome, let's check the stool, see what's happening. Yeah. Let's look for a subtle change. Like a, a change of five 10% in your microbiome. I mean that's huge. Yeah. But what he finds is actually Connor's diapers went from having zero bifidobacterium to being 80% bifidobacterium. Whoa. And this is like insane because you know, it's not, we're not even, this isn't normal microbiome stuff. Yeah. This isn't like diverse ecosystem. This is just like domination by wonder.


It's A monoculture in there. Yeah, exactly. It's all bifid. Wow. Yeah. Okay. So they noticed that, and that's interesting. Another thing they noticed is, well just like babies eat and they poop while these bacterias are eating these alien sugars and they have to poop too. Okay. But what they're seeing is the poop that these bacteria are creating are acid. So they're creating acidic poop. And the thing is, bacteria can't really grow that well in acid. So it's acid prevents bacteria. Most bacteria from growing. Oh. But it turns out the bifido bacterium is totally chilling in the acid. But the idea is it may be keeping other bacteria away. Okay. Can I, can I just make sure I understand what's going on? Absolutely.


Okay. So bifid is the thing that eats the weird sugar in breast milk. And if you put it in a baby's gut, it'll receive that sugar, it'll eat the sugar, it'll bloom and it'll wallpaper the gut. But also it'll like edge out all the other bacteria With its acid poop. Yes. It is. Like with its acid. Right. Bully wallpaper kind of. Okay. And and the idea is that that the bully wallpaper is what helped Sherra's baby have less gas and less pooping pain or whatever. Yeah. I mean, we don't know what was happening inside Cher's baby for sure. But that is exactly Bruce German's theory. And you know, Avere pointed out there's a lot of such situations, especially in a newly developing baby gut, that if the wrong kinds of bacteria get in there, it can release toxins and poke holes in the gut wall And allow things to pass through instead of going through the cells.


They sort of go in between the cells and around the cells. So bacteria can get in, toxins can get in, undigested food, particles could get in. And that's called leaky gut. Leaky gut. Yeah. And according to Vera, that can cause a lot more problems than just gas pain or diarrhea. And for this baby that just got an immune system like two months ago Yeah. Is trying to figure out what the hell is going on and it gets very overwhelmed and confused. It gets inflamed. The immune system is hyperactivated. Huh. And it causes a lot, you know, it could cause a lot of problems. So Bruce's theory is that, you know, going back to bifid coating the walls of the gut, When bifidobacterium is here, the bifidobacterium sticks to the walls, prevents any other bacteria from coming there.


So that basically the nothing bad gets into the body. Okay. And the immune system can actually like learn and do its thing like learn Cell and to be clear, so this is a bacteria, the most babies, especially here in the US right now, do not have Exactly. And what's what's wild is you can actually see the disappearance over time. Because if you look back over time at poop samples from across the world, which there are one of Bruce's gradings at the time actually did this. Bethany Henrik, she looked at the historical data and found that baby poop back in the early 19 hundreds. It used to be way more acidic like everywhere. Whoa. It's just been subtly changing all This time.


Yeah. And you can, yeah, over the last a hundred years in places like the US it, it started trending over to neutral. There's this Very clear line and it's showing that basically our baby's poop used to be acidic Okay. To a pH of five, which is acidic. Okay. And it's slowly been working its way up to neutral. And it's like this very clear thing if you map it out. Huh. And again, you said the bifid makes the acidic poop. So watching it get less acidic, is that like watching a disappearance? Exactly. Okay. That's at this point Bruce and the team is sort of being like, wait, this is a sign. Hmm. This is the marker of bifid and it's going away.


Huh? That's what they see. Wow. This feel, you're making me like miss this thing. Like I feel like we should get it back. Yeah. Well that is where we are going next in the show. First we're gonna take a brief intermission, but when we come back we will not only address that we're gonna have special guests live on stage. We're gonna hear about cease and desist orders from the FDA coming down to doctors. And we're gonna be doing some real life, I guess you could call it experimentation on the audience, On babies. Hmm. Not babies on adults in the bar. Stick with us.


Okay. Okay. Latif, Lulu, Radiolab. We are back playing the live show I did with a veer Mitra telling the story of this baby gut bacterium that seems to be protecting the baby's gut. And we didn't delve into this much, but also feeding the baby's gut cells, keeping 'em going strong, but also appears to be disappearing from our species all over. And according to Bruce German, our main scientist, it is time to bring Bifid back. At this point, Bruce goes from being like just a normal scientist, show up to work, do your research, to becoming like a borderline evangelist. Okay. Like he, you know, his daughters won't take him to the family dinners because this is like all he talks about.


He told me that. Okay. You know, he's like, you see he sees a baby in a stroller across the street. He's gonna like sprint over to the baby, throw some bifido back to Madam. Okay. And he actually mortgages his house and gets his coworkers to do the same. They sell the boat, do all these things to start their own startup, to sell bifido bacterium. Whoa. Right. Okay. Which you can buy and which we may or may not have. Ooh, Try. And this is just like he's selling bacteria in A jar. Bacteria in a jar. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Now at this point in the show, I just need to pop out and say Ave told a story that honestly I have not been able to shake since that night. And it's the story, it's kind of like the story of Shera and her baby, but on steroids.


And it starts when Bruce and his team connect with a guy named Brian Scotti. Brian Scotti is an MD PhD and he's a neonatologist who works at OHSU in Portland. So he's working there. And as a neonatologist, it's a beautiful thing. 'cause you get to see these little tiny preemies grow into like, full fledged adults. But there is one thing that's like the worst thing that happens in NICUs. And basically that's this. So Avera is showing us this picture. It's like a CT scan kind of thing. And you can sort of tell that it's like the scan of a, a gut, but it seems to be almost like ballooned out. So what we're looking at is a preemie's belly.


Okay. And it's filled with gas. It's very distended. And this baby's not doing well. This is called necrotizing enterocolitis, also known as neck. And basically what's going on is like a bacteria, an adult bacteria has somehow made its way into the baby's gut, has sort of bloomed and taken over and is like completely destroying the gut wall, producing all this gas and all these bad things. Huh. That looks painful. Scary. I mean, what's Very scary. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I, when I was a resident, I rotated in NICUs and it's terrifying. 'cause these preemies can go from being normal and then overnight they can totally crash, get this and the mortality's very high once they get this.


Yikes. So Brian gets sort of wind of this bacteria and they, they both have this thought, well, maybe we could try bifidobacterium In the, in the Preemies. In the preemies. Okay. He gets some of the bifidobacterium from Bruce and the team and the company, and he just starts giving this to the babies without Checking with parents or, All right. Pretty much like, this is on formulary now we're gonna give it to them. I'm having mixed emotions about this idea. Sure. Okay. Yeah, I agree. Okay. And you know, you, you gotta think he's not just waiting till they get neck to give it to them. He's giving it to all the preemies. Like even the ones that would be fine without it. Like A preventative measure, prevent Exactly. A preventative. And lo and behold, he finds that the incidence of NEC goes from 11% down to 2%.


It was actually 2.7% insane. That's huge. Yeah. Okay. And this goes on for years. Yeah. There's in fact years that go by that they don't see a single incidence of this Of nec in in the nicu. In the nicu. He publishes about it, gained Some momentum and he sprinkled by it this whole time. Yeah. It's just Sprinkling. Okay. Okay. This was in, well he's, we'll we'll get to that. So he does this and yeah, he finds that it's working. Other NICU are starting to take this up. Okay. Yeah. So anyway, I've been talking about Brian enough. I want to bring Brian up himself. So if Brian, if you're here, let's bring you up. All right. Let get some play on music. Come on down. You can come over here.


Thank you Brian. Hi everybody. He just flew in today, just landed. I Did. So you had this really incredible result when you studied bifidobacterium. I mean, truly incredible. And it seemed like it was spreading, but I guess I wanted to ask you like, what happened next? Well, as, as Avi was saying, for years, our incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis was quite low. And so we started in 2018 to answer that question. And then we had to stop in 2023. Tell me about that. So for years, even well before me neonatal intensive care units throughout the world, in, in Europe and in Australia, almost every premature baby gets a probiotic, gets a bacteria that is like this, including this one bifidobacteria infantis to prevent necrotizing enteritis.


So I wasn't as crazy as it might've sounded to start using it in our nicu. A little Crazy, a little crazy. But we were the first ones to use it alone. So our team decided we, this bacteria makes sense because of its symbiosis with milk. And so we thought we should use this to prevent necrotizing arteritis. But what happened, as you might expect whenever you introduce a bacterium into somebody, whether it's us or babies, and especially babies with a immature immune system, there is a risk that it will find its way into their bloodstream. Now, if you ask me if I'm gonna choose between a pathogen and bifidobacterium infantis, which has no antibiotic resistance and is meant to be in milk as or in the gut to metabolize HMOs, which are cannot be metabolized by us, remember that I'll choose B infantis.


And so unfortunately some babies got be infantis in their bloodstream and had positive blood cultures, meaning that when they looked ill, they had a blood, a sample of blood taken, and then was grown to see if B infantis was there. I might add that other bacteria that have been used as probiotics have also found their way into the bloodstream. The FDA knew that NICUs throughout the United States were using as to prevent necrotizing inter colitis and decided with the instance of a bloodstream infection that all the NICUs in the United States needed to stop using probiotics to prevent necrotizing or colitis. That this essentially was like a cease and desist letter.


You can read this letter and see there isn't a risk department in a, in a hospital that's gonna continue to use this with the F FDA A saying, you shall not use this without a investigational new drug status. So you get this letter and I imagine you have some complicated feelings. 'cause it's like you, I don't know, we could understand where the FDA's coming from. I'm a little inside FDA, but at the same time, you're, you're working hands-on with these babies and you're seeing amazing results. So like, what's going through your mind? Well, the first was, oh crap, but stronger word than that because in the risk benefit we saw necrotizing enterocolitis, we'd get two or three babies die per year.


And for several years, no baby That was born in our hospital died from necrotizing enterocolitis. Wow. So on one hand, I felt like babies were gonna die. Now I, I, I hate this disease. I can't tell you how much I hate this disease. And I hate seeing babies die in four hours, six hours, they're dead. And the impact it has on their parents versus a rare wrist like this. So That was going through my mind. But on the other hand, it was sort of like when you were talking about Lulu, it was sort of like, well, we were using something to treat, prevent or mitigate a disease, which is a drug, and therefore I see the FDA's point.


So I was as flip minds. Yeah. What happened once you removed this bacteria? Unfortunately we are working on reporting this, but our necrotizing and colitis rate has come right back to where it was before, in fact, probably a little bit higher than it was before. So I guess where do you go from here? What do you, what are you trying to do now? Well, we Suspect this is happening throughout the United States, so we hope to be one of the first to report this, but since that time we've been working with the FDA to try to have this become a drug, which is not the most simple pathway and costs a lot of money to develop a drug.


Investors are scared of premature babies. They're, they're, they're afraid of pediatrics in general and they're really afraid of preterm babies. And so it's, it's a struggle to try to make this continue to move forward. And the only thing that keeps the folks who work on it, working on it as a large team is the fact that it, at least in in our hands, it works. Okay. Brian, stay here on stage. Thanks Brian for being here. Yeah. Okay. So just to advance the story from here, Brian gets this result. Bruce has this company, he still really believes in it, but unfortunately his company sort of now has a scarlet a and they have to sort of short sell to stay afloat.


And so they lose Bruce and his team sort of lose stake in the company. They're still, you know, he still has his job. He's not like on the streets, but things aren't looking too good. So, but Bruce still, and I've spoken to Bruce for hours, he's still positive about it. He's still hopeful. And so anyway, I've been gatekeeping this guy Bruce Long enough. Let's bring him up to the stage. Bruce German. Hi. Okay, Bruce, I've got a question going all the way back to that global pup Pont, I don't know if that's what you called it in your papers, but our shorthand.


Do we have any clue, like why in the places like Denmark and most of the US except the Mennonite communities in Switzerland, like why, where was the bifid going? Why did we lose it if it seems like it is such a harmonious thing in a baby gut? First I should say that, that this is the work of literally over a hundred people Yeah. For 20 years. And I know I'm obviously distractingly tall and good looking, but really it's this diversity of scientists from around the campus, uc, Davis, have, have brought this science forward. And that's one of the critical questions where you need multiple disciplines because it's a mutualism, what we would call a synergy.


All of saccharides don't do much by themselves. The baby poops them out. Bifidobacteria and Fanti doesn't do much all by itself. The baby poops it out, but you put them together and that's the magic and, and away it goes. But babies are born sterile, Completely no microbiome in There. They're, they're, they're they're mother. You are keeping your baby sterile. Huh. But needless to say, the minute they're born, they're being inoculated from bacteria all over. Wow. If there's no bifida bacteria in infantis in their environment, they cannot get bifida bacteria in infantis. If mothers can't breastfeed, then they don't get the oligosaccharides.


They don't survive no bifida bacteria in the baby. No fish food for the nothing bacteria. Okay. Nothing. If the mother gets antibiotics, kills the bifida bacteria and that mother will never have bifida bacteria again unless she somehow gets re inoculated. One step in any of those directions ends the story. And it's been happening over a century. Mothers are losing the ability to pass on the bacteria. You know, you, another part of this is formula doesn't have these alien sugars and it's not able to feed these bacteria. So the bacteria gets starved. And I will say, you won't admit this, but you know, part of his evangelism was that he would email all the formula makers and be like, can I meet with you?


And he would get some meetings with these formula makers. And and my impression was there sort of like, thank you sir. Here's security. Please leave. I'm exaggerating. But, but lo and behold, a few years ago, all the major formula makers have added these alien sugars into the formula. I'm crediting you with that. Well, I mean, it turns out that there are dozens. That's great. That's Great. There, there are dozens of different oligosaccharides and so far industrially they can only make a couple. And you need a lot. Remember you pointed out there's more of this than protein. Yeah.


Evolution saying it's as important to feed the bacteria in the baby as it's the baby and just the baby. Right. So, so we need to get a lot more. Okay. Well I I think one question I had is sort of, you know, you look at the pH changing and, and the poop's changing over the centuries. Like I can't help but think this correlates so well with the rise of like childhood autoimmune diseases and like these chronic diseases. I just wanted to, is there something there? Yeah, we've been studying that and the strength of the immune system is, it's so personal. The benefit of that is your immune system can learn to attack diseases your parents never had. There's a flaw is your immune system has to develop, be educated in the first few weeks of life.


And the immune system is basically located in your gut for sort of obvious reasons. It's paying attention to the environment through the bacteria. If the bacteria are appropriate. If the bacteria infants, then it's clear that the immune system is developing appropriately. But if the gut is full of inappropriate bacteria, now the immune system is being miseducated. The result of that is with bi bacteria and infants, it's clear it's an intelligent immune system. If it doesn't, then it's not an intelligent immune system. What does that mean? Intelligent immune system? It Makes mistakes. So immune system can make two kinds of mistakes.


It can say there's danger, don't worry about it. The other kind of mistake is it's perfectly benign. I should attack it as if it was dangerous. And, and that's what autoimmune disease, when someone doesn't have bifidobacteria infantis, their immune system is not developing appropriately. That means it's greater risk. Doesn't mean they're gonna get autoimmune disease, but their greater risk of having it. We now have very convincing data that a part of the problem with autoimmune disease is the bacteria in your gut in this early developmental stage. And lo and behold, throughout human history, bifidobacteria and fantas, that's been the one, it's been predicted that if we had not found it, it would probably have been extinct within the next generation.


It wouldn't have been findable at all in, in a few years. Ugh. You know, I, I just think it's crazy that there's this like wise shaped bacteria Right. That no one ever paid attention to. That we almost wiped off the face of the earth by accident. That basically has this completely symbiotic relationship with us. I mean, like, you know, we obviously in school we learn about like the birds and the bees and pollination and coral algae. But like, who knew that like our babies have symbiotic relationships with this random bacteria. Like that's Sylvie, that's Lulu's my baby baby.


Like Sylvie is a symbio Yeah. With this bacteria. Yeah. I mean it is blowing my mind. And, and if you really think back, like if you really go back in time, let's go back 500,000 years, which is when we broke off to become human. Bruce was telling me if you go back, you know, trace the genetic lineage of bifidobacterium in infantis, it broke off from its predecessor at exactly the same time. Which to me is crazy. 'cause that means like we have literally co-evolved with this bacteria. I mean like, come on. Like this is our best friend. This is like our oldest and best friend that we've ever had. Okay. Avir can we, can we, sorry, Can we, we scratch the emo music.


Okay. I mean, you you, you put a picture of my baby up and on my side. It's a beautiful thought. But we're tell you've gathered like a sad story here. I mean, Brian was shut down, the study was shut down. Who knows how long, if it's ever gonna go. I mean Bruce is eloquent, but his business sounds kind of on the rocks. And I feel like, and then even if we could get it back, there are all kinds of parents who can't breastfeed for different reason, economic reason, body reasons, whatever it may be. So like, aren't we just being kept away from this majestic beautiful friend? Isn't, aren't we just, isn't this just sad and we're doomed to be unhealthy? Yeah. That at this point in time, no.


Okay. If you look back at the history of scientific discoveries Yeah. Especially related to health, they're always turbulent. This is a fundamentally different way of thinking. It's now been shown that babies with bifidobacteria and infantis respond better to a vaccine than babies who haven't. So that's not just protection, that's enhancing health in ways we didn't even think about before. If you look back how science moves, it's moving inexorably forward. It's just a matter of time. Okay. This guy can milk hope out of any situation. I guess Another pun, well I guess with that, you know, we only have one thing left to do, honestly is we have the bifidobacterium here.


We are gonna try some Yeah. No pressure, obviously. But if you guys wanna try some, we can all cheers to BFI together. Just talk to your bartender. They're gonna Bringing them out. Okay. We're gonna start passing. Raise your hand if you want it once again. Yeah. Yeah. You do not have to. Radiolab doesn't necessarily condone It. Well you had the BFI there. Was it? Was it alive? Yeah, It was the real stuff. It'll bloom if you drink it. It was, it was like in these little bags. It's kind of this smell just like the smelly powder that Shera had. Wow. What did it smell like? It was like fish tank light, you know? Sure. And we mixed it in with some water and handed out shots Oh wow.


To anyone who wanted. And while we were handing out these little shot cups, I made the band jam out along with, and I think we need to bring in an instrument that has never been played on Radiolab ever before. Hold on. Can you mic me? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My breast pump. Wow. Okay. Press bone remix. Come forward. Okay. Ready? It was not hooked up. It was not all the way Hooked up. You weren't pumping. I Wasn't actually pumping though. It's very goth industrial. Goth by, yeah. It's like a little steam punk. Oh my God. This sound again and again. Why capitalism? Why Don't drink it yet.


We're gonna drink it together. We're gonna drink it together. We're gonna drink it together. Did everyone, did people want it? Actually A lot of people. Yeah. I think like a lot of people, most people did it. Okay, now everyone music down. Okay. All right. Cheers everyone. Cheers. Okay. We really doing okay. What did we actually drink just now? Straight up bacteria who just asked. Yeah, you just ingested like, I don't know. Is it powdered dried bacteria? It's those little y shapes. What did we drink, Bruce? Yeah. Bi bacteria, longum, subspecies and infantis. Okay. Like as I drank this stuff down, I thought about how we were all in the room at that moment, literally physically reuniting with this bacteria that we have been with for so long that we might be starting to lose.


But the more I started thinking about that whole chain of things that bifid do in a baby's body, I realized, I actually had one last question for Bruce. So this is sort of an emotional question, but in this moment of breastfeeding, which I have found to be one of the most like connecting experiences of my life, you're saying what's happening is the baby, which used to be inside me is learning. It's building itself away from me from other things. Like it's actually a physiological moment of a wall being built of disconnection.


Well it's true, but you're Okay. But you're paying forward so that that infant can be successful. The genius of milk is, we tended to think milk is protective. Of course Darwin survival. It's more than that. Evolution is driving not just survival, it's success. Lifelong. What you're doing is providing the means for your baby to be successful. Its whole Life. Yeah. Blah, blah blah. Give them roots and wings so they can fly away. I only heard the first part. I'm sad. Go have evolution. Okay. For our last cover. Well, despite your sadness, that story was great.


That was a really fun event. I never heard of any of that. Thank you for playing it for us. And thank you also to Vere and Bifid. Yes. And you know, I should say this was not our first live show that we have done with Vere. You of course did one last summer called How to Save a Life. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That was the CPR one. We, Which Is our, That Was also a blast. It also ended with music. We had the entire audience learning how to do CPR at the end to the perfect beats per minute of staying alive. They've been really, really fun. And we are thinking of these live shows with Vera as a series that we're calling Viscera because every story is about something going on in your body, in your Viscera and it will have some kind of visceral experience.


Yeah. So, so if you, if you do, if you do have a body, wanna learn more about it, keep an eye out. We'll like maybe we're coming to a sitting city near you. Yep. And, and, and last thing. Thanks Lulu. We gotta do the thanks. No, we already did 'em on stage. Okay. Well it is time now as We start. All right, no problem. Okay. My work day is done. Someone once said if you wanna hide a piece of information, put it in the credits two podcast. 'cause no one will listen. And yet you're all stuck here. So, okay. So huge thank you. He's not even on here. But To Avere Mitra for bringing us this story to Bruce right here on stage two, Shera Sheldon and all her hi jinks to our musicians, Dylan Keith and Yvonne Bon Burn.


Biggest Thank you to This Radiolab team lurking in the background. Stand up Harry for Sarah Sand, sorn Wheeler, pat Walters, a Jeremy Bloom, and George Wellington. Speaking of Radiolab, I would like two OG members, Robert Crow, which and Ellen Horn to give standup our original executive producer. They're Here. We love you. None of us would be here without you. Everybody here at Caveat, thank you for bringing us here. Tip your waiters, order mode, more drinks. We would love To come back.


And finally, of course, to our Radiolab members who said, there are people watching us on a screen. Hi, if anyone's still there. Thanks. You make everything we do possible. And now Avere, you have a couple and I need someone else to read the very last thing. We need a listener, anyone an audience member willing to, okay. Come on down some Quick thank yous. This story actually came to me from a Radiolab listener named Tim Brown. Woo. So cool. So thanks to him for sharing this story. David Mills, Carlito LaBrea, Bethany Henrik, Danielle Lemay, Katie Hinde, Jennifer Smilowitz, Angela Zivkovic, Daniella Barre, and Mark Underwood. All the scientists involved in this research that I wasn't able to shout out before.


Hi, I'm Alexa Petri, and I'm from Halifax, Nova Scotia. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad AB Broad and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and La Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keefe is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bressler w Harry Fortuna, David Gibel, Maria, PA Gutierrez, Cindy Naan, Matt Kielty, Annie McKeen, Alex Neeson, star Ka, Sarah Beck, Anisa, beat Arianne, wack Pat, pat Walters and Molly Webster. Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton.


Well done. Thank you all. Thank you so much. Have a great day.


Hi, this is Laura calling from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Simmons Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Sloan Foundation.