
Radiolab is supported by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call the shots on your auto insurance too, with the name Your Price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you want, pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Pricing coverage match limited by state law.


The $5 meal deal at McDonald's means you get to pick between a McDouble or a McChicken. mm, then get a small fry, a small drink, and a four piece McNuggets. That's a lot of McDonald's for not a lot of money. I Get the $5 meal deal today. Prices and participation may vary for a limited time only


listener supported WNYC. Studios. Imagine Your Arms break off And your flesh turns to poison And your body begins turning strange colors, bright yellow and tangerine Orange. And you suddenly get really good at math. Bugs can do math. There is a whole new season of Terrestrials coming, radio lab's, family friendly ever. So occasionally musical series about nature. On each episode, we tell you a story about a creature that may seem fantastical.


It was like unbelievable, But it is entirely true. Oh my goodness. And this season we scoured high and low all over the globe. Underwater. In The desert, In the Wind underground Up to the Arctic. It's Cold, braving, dangerous terrain. Alright, Mud's getting deeper down here, guys. Wild beasts. It'd been me severed at times. There was blood everywhere. And our own confusion. So honey doesn't come out of bees? No, it doesn't come out of bees To uncover. Wow.


The Overlooked. Look at them Overlooked creatures. It's like a fur ball the size of a grapefruit. They are dancing on the comb, which is Extremely beautiful And overlooked. Storytellers, I didn't really speak much or really at all. I didn't speak at all. Waiting quietly beneath our noses. There's moments where you are made to feel different. Who have life changing secrets to share It Totally upended everything we know about what we think of as an organism. What a witchy little ritual. Join us for a nature walk that just might get you to fall in love with this place again.


Woo. This hippo's barely up to my waist. I mean. How realistic is it? Do you think that we could get humans hibernating in like 20 years? I think that it would be possible. Ooh, Maybe. I don't know. Come hang out with us. See if we're for you. Better than a Terrestrials, Radiolab ever. So occasionally musical series, all about nature, hosted by me. Lulu Miller, kids and adults. Welcome. All right. Good luck. Thank you. Get busy. I don't know. Oh my goodness. All new episodes coming in September.


Terrestrials on the radio lab for Kids Feed wherever you cast your pods. Yeah, It sounds like a whole little party. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening. Goodnight. Depending on where you are when you are, This is Radiolab. I'm m Latif. Nasser talking to you from right now, which is not your right now, even though you are hearing it right now. Anyway, I have an episode for you when we made a few years ago, it is both timeless and time full. Time centric is maybe a better word. It's an episode about time because the vast majority of us, no matter our philosophy of time, whether you think of it as linear or cyclical, time feels static, right?


Like no matter what you use to measure it a second, a year, a millennium, those are constant units, right? Like taking away the same amount. Mm. Not so fast. The times, as they say, are a change in set. Your watches and let's go. Yeah, You wait. You're listening. All right. Okay. Alright. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab. Lab Radiolab from WNYC. See, rewind. Hey, I am Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Krulwich.


I wanna tell you a story about a discovery I made, or not me, I just learned about it from other people, but it has made me completely reconsider what a year means. And specifically how big a year really is. How big a year it, what, How big a year really is. And I don't know what, how, how is a year, how long a Year is. Well, if you're confused now, I think I can confuse you even more. I'm gonna begin this investigation by introducing you to a little creature In the sea called a coral. Coral's a shelly animal, a little creature. It's a there's animal. That's Neil Schumann. I'm a paleontologist, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Chicago. Just like a clam has a, an animal, a clam shell has an animal inside it.


So two corals, A little fleshy wormy thing. Exactly. And it wears its skeleton on the outside. And because they sit In the same place for their whole life, they're really sensitive to local environmental changes. Meaning What? Think About it this way, let's just, just sort of think about what happens to a creature as it lives. Its life In, the In, the water, which is what these things do. you know, we live in a world of cycles, of cycles on cycles. Temperature rises and falls. Light rises and falls. The tides rise and fall several times, In the course of a day. So you think about what that means for creatures living in water. What it means for corals as Neil, is that they're Growing, they're slapping on new skeleton, if you will, new shell in Time with these cycles of rise and fall and light and dark, hot and cold.


And, Hello. Hello. Hi. You can actually see these changes written onto their shells. Maybe into their shells. Emily, Andy. And that's why Andy Mills and I called up our pal, Emily Grassley, whose job is, What is it? I am the Chief Curiosity correspondent of the Field Museum in Chicago. That's your actual title, The chief Curiosity correspondent. Yes, it is. You you brought some corals, did You? We have many corals. We have corals all over the studio desk right now. All right. All right. Let's cut. Cut it. Because when you cut into these shells, Oh, it's warm. We have A little bit of water.


We can spritz it on there. Cool it Off. Right off. You can see a pattern. You see these gray stripes, And they're all I mean, they're all different variations of gray, but some are really dark gray and some are are tan. They're Like bands running either through or across the shell. They kinda radiate out like the bands of a tree. And between the bands there, there are spaces, you got a stripe, then a space, a stripe, then a space stripe, then a space. But when You hold it up close to your eye, if you look Closer in between the stripes, you can see sort of, wow. You can see the lines.


Wow. You can see that the spaces are filled with, with faint little lines. And that's where the piece of this story is just so fascinating Because in 1962, a paleontologist Professor John Wells, Was looking at some corals just like these. He was just sitting there saying, okay, well what can we figure out from coral shells? So what he did is he did something really simple. He says, well, golly G, why Don't I count the number of little lines between these bands? Just, you know, just to see. So he starts counting as, you know, 100, 200 lines, 300 lines, three hundred ten, three hundred and twenty. And every time he counted, He got a number Around, Around 360, 365.


Wait A second. Familiar number, no, Doesn't take a lot of inference that, hey, maybe those individual rings represent, you know, a, a daily pattern, Meaning each of these little lines actually equaled a day. Well, And why they're not just making a gray mark after 365. No, what, what are the gray lines? Well, the, the thicker lines are the times of the year when the coral grows a lot. But if you've got a summer coral, then it grows a lot in one summer, then it goes quiet, then it grows a lot the next summer. So that's, again, that marks the year that those big bands are kind of like, happy New Year, happy new Year, happy new Year.


They're Actually calendars and clocks inside each of these things. You just have to know how to read them. So this guy, professor Wells, what he Did was then, this is the really bold bit I thought, which is he then said, well, okay, that's a living, Carl. Let's look at some fossils. He was after all, a paleontologist, You know, so he was a Cornell University and You know Cornell University is surrounded by rocks around, you know, 370 or so million years old. And he collected some nice corals and there were a lot of nice coral fossils known from there. And he opened up these ancient skeletons, And he did the Count, found a hundred days, 200 days.


Mm. He was expecting 300 days, 360 to 365, 360 8. And lo and behold, he found 400, between 404 10. Really? Yeah. And he looked lots of specimens. That number, the 400 number kept showing up. What Does, what does that mean? Well, that means that it's, it's now reasonable to think that back In the day, you know, 380 million years ago, there were more days in a year, and he published a paper saying more or less that. And right away, clam scientist said, well, if that's true for corals, and it's gotta be true for my animal, the clam and the oyster people said, well, it's gotta be true for oysters and mus folks.


It's gotta be true for mussel. This paper set off a bit of a, a cottage industry of folks applying this technique to other species. In looking at these other species, they found that the general trend is absolutely correct. That when you compare modern animals to ancient animals, you will find they record the old ones more days in a year. So you go back to a time period called the Orde Vision, which is about 450 million years ago. A typical year had about 415, 410 days in it. Really, if you go to the time period, I work on In, the Devonian, about 360 million years, probably about 400 or so. What you see is the number of days in a year has declined from over 400 to what we have now, which is 365.


That's so, so we have lost 40 days since the, yeah, since The, since creatures first started to walk on Land. So now comes the obvious question. Why, why would there be more days then than there are now? Okay, wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. So a year, a year is a trip around the sun. That's a trip. Yeah. Try And days, days are when we spin around. And since we're going around the sun, okay, so that, so maybe if you wanna squeeze more days into a year, maybe it just means the trip around the sun took longer back then. Well, If you ask astronomers about that, I asked Chris Impi at the University of of Arizona, then he Says, there's no sense that the length of time it takes the earth to orbit, the sun is changing because The Earth's orbit around the sun is basic physics.


And it hasn't really changed significantly. He's pretty sure of that. So then what is it? Well, Chris Says, the answer takes us back about four and a half billion years to a time In the earth. That was very young. So there was this crazy period of time lasting about 50 million years, Which they called the great bombardment period. There was still a lot of debris left over from the formation of the solar system. So the meteor impact rate was thousands of times higher. The earth was still like a tacky magma. And so there was, there was a hail brimstone, endless rain I mean a kind of crazy time, really. And a bit of that mayhem, of course, we think gave birth to the moon.


There Was a huge collision and a rock about the size of Mars banged into us, flung a hunk of earth shrapnel into orbit. And those pieces coalesced and became our moon, which is now sort of parked right next to us. And so it sort of tugs us around in a kind of hefty way. And Wait, I thought, I thought we tugged the moon. Oh, it's, it works both ways. you know, we tugged the moon, and the moon tugs us, and the force is actually equal. So It's kind of like a Dance. It's a dance. I Tug the moon and the moon tugs Moon. Exactly. It's a celestial waltz.


And it's that dance, that waltz that explains why the earth used to have 450 days in a year, then 400 days in a year, and now only 365. Well, I don't, I don't see how this explains anything yet. Well, first of all, let's just remember what a day is. A day is a full spin of the planet from the sun coming up, In the morning, then going down, coming up the next morning. So one spin, a total spin equals a day. Yes, we all know that. Now, today we make 365 of these spins as we orbit the sun. That would be a year, right? But back when the earth was born, when it was all by itself dancing alone, that in those days it spun faster, it was making more of these spins as it went round the sun.


So a year had more days in it, but then along comes the moon to join the dance. And now here's the key, according to Chris Earth is spinning faster than the moon is orbiting it. A dance Party takes a month to come around us. We take F 24 hours fme. And you know how it is when you're dancing with a partner who's slower than you are, then you have to, you have to tug them along, which is what has happened here, gravitationally. We are constantly tugging the moon along. It is constantly dragging us down. There's a transfer of energy here that over billions of years has caused the Earth's spin to slow down just a little bit, a teeny, teeny bit. And as the spin has slowed, well, our days have gotten longer.


And if you do the math, you calculate that the day is getting longer by 1.7 milliseconds each century, 1.7 milliseconds each century. What this means on a daily basis is that today was 54000000000th of a second longer than yesterday. And the day before that was 54000000000th of a second longer than the day before. And the day before that was 54 billionths of a second longer than the day before that, which was 54. And if you extrapolate that out over the, you know, millions of years, people like me think about, That's Neil Schumann again, the paleontologist that Becomes quite significant. So you're telling Me, you're telling me that today is the shortest day of the rest of my life?


Yes, Andy worries about these things. Well, you're not gonna live longer because of this. I'm sorry to say, but No. So this moon dance does not affect the ticking of time. It just affects what we choose to call a day. And by the way, one of the consequences of this dance is as we lose a little energy to our moon every year, and the moon picks up a little energy from us. 'cause these things are always equal. Think about like when you throw a ball, the more energy you use, the further the ball is away from you. Well, as we add a little more energy to the moon, the moon very slightly moves a little further away from us every year. It's about A couple of inches, according To Chris, The length of a worm, Really? So the moon is getting a, a worm's distance further away from us every year.


Yeah. And he says, if you go back about 4 billion years, The moon was originally about 10 times closer than it is now. 10 times. So you can imagine times closer. Imagine the moon looking 10 times bigger than it does now. That would've been crazy. Whoa. Also, the days would've been six hours long, six Hours long. To me, what this says is that everything that we take for granted as normal in our world, you know, ice at the poles, seas in certain places, continents configured the way they are, the number of days in a year, all that is subject to change.


And all that has changed. All that has dramatically changed over the course of the history of our planet. And that includes how we measure time itself. So You know when I'm sitting in a hole, In the middle of the Arctic, digging out a fish fossil every now and then, you know, I pinch myself and say, here I am, In the Arctic, digging out a fish fossil. Right? you know, that lived in an ancient subtropical environment. you know, the juxtaposition between present and past sometimes is utterly mind blowing. But it's very informative about our own age and that we, you know, we, we, we take, we think things are eternal, but they're not. They're, they're, everything is is subject to change. Change is is the way of the world. We are gonna change now to a break, but we've got more coming up after that.


We all have questions. Do You enjoy your bowel movements? No. You have questions? Why were you laughing? I don't know. We have questions. What makes someone successful? Why can't you sell your blood? Why do vegetables spark in a microwave? No matter the question? How Can you be a scientist and not know the answer to that? And thanks to support from listeners like you, Does time slow down with your phone? Can we make a living thing? Can babies do math? There's a Radiolab for that CRISPR work. Join the lab and spread the word on t-shirts nationwide. New t-shirts available now. Join the lab, check out the T-shirt design and pick your favorite color over at radiolab.org/join.


Radiolab is supported by BetterHelp. I've got a question for you. When's the last time you did something for the first time? As we get older and our school years get further and further away, it can be harder and harder to find time and energy to dedicate to learning something new. So what's something you've been wanting to learn? Go ahead. Come up with something. Maybe it's sewing or growing tomatoes or ice skating therapy can help you reconnect with yourself and tap back into that back to school mentality and sense of wonder. It can also help you develop healthy coping skills and equip you with the tools you need to be the best version of yourself. So if you are thinking of starting therapy or picking it back up, give BetterHelp a try. It's all online and designed to be convenient and flexible to fit your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash radiolab today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/radiolab.


Since WNYC's first broadcast in 1924, we've been dedicated to creating the kind of content we know the world needs. Since then, New York public radio's rigorous journalism has gone on to win a Peabody Award and a DuPont Columbia Award among others. In addition to this award-winning reporting, your sponsorship also supports inspiring storytelling and extraordinary music that is free and accessible to all. To get in touch and find out more, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org. Hello again. You're listening to Radiolab. I'm m Latif Nasser. We are discussing the flexibility, the surprising flexibility of time today, and In, the first segment we learned all about how coral has marked the ever-changing march of time, how days were once shorter, years once longer.


Now we're gonna pivot to a more I mean, I don't know. It's like taking that idea of time, flexibility, and just taking it to an absurd, absurd place with our host emeritus, Robert Krulwich. So I, I just wanna play you a little bit of a, can we do this? Can we just add an end to the end because that's what I'd like to do. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I was talking to Neil deGrasse Tyson, who's an astrophysicist and who thinks about spin, which we've just thought about, thinks about the inner solar system, which we've just thought about. So here's him and I talking about holding on to time. It's a little goofy, but here it is just for the fun of it.


So if you're on earth and you're walking in, you know, around keto on the equator, if you are walking at four miles an hour, you know your, your day will go sort of the, the normal way the sun will rise behind you go overhead and then go down the other Side. Well, if you're stationary, if you're stationary, In the 24 hour day. Yes. Yeah. If you started walking on the equator, depending on which direction you walked, your day will either last longer or shorter. Okay. So if you walk west, the faster you walk, the longer your day will become. You could walk at a pace where you have a 25 hour day, a 27 hour day. There's a speed with which you can walk on the equator, In the earth going west where your day lasts forever.


And that is the rotation rate of the earth. You would've compensated for Rotating ball. What, roughly what that would be a bil, A gerbil running on a beach ball at a rotating beach ball. So that would on the top of a, of a beach ball. So that speed for the equator is about a thousand miles an hour. So the equator moves a thousand miles an hour, and that gives, that gives us the 24 hour day. If you wanna go a thousand miles an hour to the opposite direction, you will stop the day. The sun will never move, In the sky, and you'll have a, and your your day will last. Superman did that once, I think when he had this thing with Lois. Superman would've so messed up everybody on earth for having stopped the rotation of the earth, reversed it, and then set it forward again. Yes, he did that he would've scrambled all, not anything, not bolted to the earth would've been completely, he would've flown off.


Yeah. Yeah. So depending on your latitude, any equatorial residence, if you stop the earth, they were going at a thousand miles an hour with the earth. You stop the earth and you're not seat belted to the earth, you'll fall over and roll due east a thousand miles an hour. Interesting. In our mid-latitudes, we're in New York, you can do the math. We moving about 800 miles an hour due east and stop the earth. We will roll 800 miles an hour due east and crash into buildings and other things that are attached to the earth are Attached to the earth. All right. But let's going back to Venus now. Oh, you wanna Go to Venus? Isn't this enough for you? Not enough, no. I, I wanted to, the whole point was to go to Venus because it's so different there. Yeah. On every way. No, it's about the same size and about the same surface gravity. But that's it.


It's 900 degrees Fahrenheit. It's a runaway greenhouse effect. It is heavy volcanic activity that re paves the surface periodically. So there are very few craters on Venus, Just unpleasant in general. Unpleasant, rotates very slowly. Well, that's why I wanna stop. So, so how slowly does it rotate? you Know, I don't remember the exact number. It's like four miles an hour or something like that. Yeah, Yeah. It's some very slow rate at its equator. S slow enough so that you don't need special, you don't need airplanes to stop the sun. You don't need special speed devices. You could probably trot and stop the sun on the horizon or wherever the sun is. This Guy. So if you're that guy from Jamaica, what's his name? The Hussein Bolt.


Hussein Bolt like this. And you're, you happen to be on Venus for a little while and you decide to go for a run. What happens to Hussein during the run? Okay, so normally the sun would rise in one direction and set In the other depending on which direction you chose to run in. You could, you could reverse your day and have the sun rise. In the opposite side of the sky than it normally would. And, but I think Venus is rotating slowly enough that you wouldn't have to be saying both. I'd have to check my numbers on this. Oh, I don't think you Would. Maybe you'd, in order to have the sun actually sort of seem to go backwards. That's what you're saying is the sun to go backwards? Yeah. Yeah. So you'd be having lunch, you usin bolt and you go decide now I'm gonna run.


And the sun's going backwards towards the mornings horizon. Yes. You can reverse the sun. That's correct. In fact, wow. That is a really good reason to sprint, I think. Well, but who cares about the sun anymore? Me, if I were In the same boat I was, if I go Up to him and say, is the sun telling you when to eat lunch? I don't think so. Your stomach is telling you when to eat lunch. You're saying, okay, Ussein, you eat breakfast, but you wanna have lunch real soon. Run so that the sun is now at the top of the sky. So now you're, you're you can legally have lunch. No, you are not buying my poetic as premises at all today. I'm sorry. This is the 21st century Jack and the sun is, we, we wake, we wake by alarm clocks, not by roosters and sunlight.


I'm sorry. Just doesn't work That way. I wish I could help you out by thinking let's Suppose I am not gonna depend on running so that the on Venus to get the sun In the middle of the sky at my command so that I can have lunch. Okay. All right. But let's suppose you're a rooster and you like to crow at dawn. That's just a deep feeling you Need. You can totally mess with a rooster this way. Yes. That's what I want to do. Usain Bolt carrying a rooster with Hu Hussein bolt carries a rooster on Venus. He doesn't, remarkably past sprint, the rooster having started the run In the middle of the day, well past the crowing period, feels a strange compulsion to crow two hours into the run Because he ran backwards to the sunrise rather than, Well, he ran forwards, but the sun went backwards.


Relatively. Yes. He went, yes, he ran In the other way to reverse the sun back to sunrise. Yeah. And the, the rooster is going, will need therapy. The step day. Every day. Every, every day. Every every day. We make, we'll make one step at a time. One step time.


Oh, well I think it's time for us to definitely go Now. Yeah, we should definitely go. Okay. I'm Jad. Hi Robert. Thanks For listening. Hi, this is Danielle and I'm in beautiful glove of Vermont. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Ro and is edited by Soren Wheeler. Lulu Miller and Latif Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keef is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler w, Harry Tuna, David Gable, Maria Paz Gutierrez Sdu, Nu Dumb, Matt Guilty, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Valentina Powers, Sarah Kari, Sarah Sandbach, Arianne Wack, pat Walters and Molly Webster.


Our fact checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton. Hi, this is Ellie from Cleveland, Ohio. Leadership support for Radiolab Science programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. Science Sandbox Assignment Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred Peace Sloan Foundation. This is Ira Plato, host of Science Friday. For over 30 years, the Science Friday team has been reporting high quality science and technology news, making science fun for curious people by covering everything from the outer reaches of space to the rapidly changing world of AI to the tiniest microbes in our bodies.


Audiences trust our show because they know we are driven by a mission to inform and serve listeners first and foremost with important news they won't get anywhere else. And our sponsors benefit from that halo effect. For more information on becoming a sponsor, visit sponsorship dot WNYC dot org.