
Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more. With my Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Joined for free today, Lowe's, we help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions, details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Listener supported WNYC Studios. Hey, This is Radiolab. I'm Lulu. I'm here with my brain. You are there with yours and usually, you know, you and your brain have a kind of quiet agreement to just get along enough to go through your day. But every now and then, you and your brain fall out of agreement, and then you can slip into a kind of disorienting tilt, a worldly place. Well, today we have two stories for you about just that, people walking around with a new kind of Vertigogo. These stories come from the archives and we're calling today's show.


Go. Go. So here we go. Yeah. Oh, wait, you're listening. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You Are listening. Listening to Radiolab Radiolab from WNYC. See, rewind. Hey, I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Krulwich. This is Radiolab podcast. And today on the podcast a show about brains. Yes. A short time ago we got an email from a listener in San Francisco. Something odd had happened to her and she wanted to share it with Us. I missed, I I didn't hit the record button fast enough. Okay. Could you just tell me your name again?


Sure. And My name is Liza Schonfeld and I'm a research technician at the Gladstone Institute at the University of California San Francisco. Now Liza is just getting started with her scientific career. Finished my undergraduate degree about a year and a half Ago. And this story takes place as she was about to take that next step after college and apply to grad schools. And the star of our story, other than of course, Liza herself is a little mischievous part of her brain. Well, everyone's brain. Part Of your brain called the basal ganglia. Basal ganglia, which at the time she'd been studying. So Basal ganglia is a fairly large part of your brain. It's actually this big hunk deep in the center, and It's responsible for controlling and coordinating movement. When I move my neck back and forth, am I using my basal ganglia?


Yeah. When I make an expression in my face, am I using my basal ganglia? Definitely. What about if I'm reading the New Yorker? I don't think so. Apologies to the New Yorker and its employees. Point is this part of your brain is really basic. And at the lab where she was working, they had figured out this particular basal ganglia trick Using this really cool technology called optogenetics. What they'd done is they'd found a way to take a mouse thread, a little fiber optic cable through its skull, deep into its brain, into its basal ganglia, so That when you shine a blue laser, literally we just shine lasers into mouse brains. They could actually turn its basal ganglia or parts of it on or off. And this is in a live mouse. This isn't A live mouse. So we have these really cool videos showing a mouse running around having a great mouse time.


You turn the light on, we can get him to freeze In mid stride. Yeah. So you hit the laser and boom, the mouse stops. Mouse Is like this. So you use light to like puppet ize the mouse. Yes. If you had this mouse, no matter how hard you try, move feet, move. As long as that light is on. Come on, fool. You can't do it. Liza is holding the strings. Not exactly. It turns out she doesn't get to play with the laser that much. I'm kind of like, I'm the bottom of the totem pole. So I do a lot of pipetting. It's like Where you squirt liquid from one tube to another. I'm Working on my pipetting skills these Days. Ground work Work. Get the thumb muscles up. Oh, I could beat anyone in the thumb wrestling competition right Now.


So at a certain point she was like, enough of this, it's time for me to apply to grad school. Yeah. I applied to five University of California, San Diego, university of Washington in Seattle. UCSF, Rockefeller University and Harvard. Okay, So you're going big. Yeah. Go big or go home. Right, exactly. So she heads off to her first interview. University of Washington went great. I loved it. Okay. Went down to UCSD in San Diego. It's a beautiful place, great scientist. It's actually the largest neuroscience community in the world. So far so good. Did you Ever go back to San Francisco where we are now? This is where things get strange. Yes. So my last interview, my very last interview was at UCSF And she says about a week before that interview I got really Sick, pretty severe nausea.


I wasn't really able to eat or do anything and Throwing up. Yeah. Oh, all sorts in, I don't know. I had some bad dim sum the weekend before that could have been it. Yeah, that's it. So she goes to the doctor, he gives her some pills to fight the nausea, And then the next day was my interview, Friday was my interview. So I went, you know, there's a nice introduction. They give you breakfast At this point. She's pretty familiar with the whole routine. Generally The way these interviews are structured is that we talk a little bit about my research and dopamine and the basal ganglia and these mice, They tell her about their work. I have to think of a couple witty questions. I ask my questions. Anyhow, she's raring to go and she heads in to meet her first basal ganglia tissue of the day. And He studies, one of the things he studies is dopamine In the basal ganglia.


He studies Stuff that's a little bit more molecular than what I, than what I know. But we had a good conversation about dopamine and at this point in the day I was feeling okay, no Nausea. Then I went to my second interview, which is this woman that I was so excited to talk to. Her name is Allison Dope. And she's pretty well known. Her name is is Allison Dope. Wow. Allison Dope. Wow. And she studies dopamine. She studies songbirds, Songbirds, Which is what Liza really wanted to study. So birds have basal ganglia too. So she's pretty fired Up. And kind of the beginning of that interview, my, my face started to feel a little bit strange and I was wearing glasses that day. So what I thought was happening was that my glasses were, you know, your glasses get loose and they kind of start to slip down your nose and you have to kind of tighten the muscles around your ears to try and keep your glasses on.


So we were talking and I just kept on feeling like, God, why can't I stop tightening that? It was kind of got to the point where it started to distract me, but I, I felt okay. Then we went to lunch and this was a lunch with all the current students and a lot of the current faculty and all the prospective students. And at lunch, I remember on the walk to lunch, my head just started spontaneously turning to the right. Like, like, like I would be trying to sit here and face you and I would just turn over here and face Robert. That's, that's such a funny thing. It's, it's strange. Was your neck moving and you're like, no neck. Don't do that Neck. Yes. Oh, this is exactly what was happening. I was trying to send signals to my neck being like, All right, sitting here having lunch with an important professor. Why don't you just face him, talk to him and instead I'm just turning over here and turning over here.


Turning over here. Oh, you're turning a fairly wide arc. Yeah. You are turning away from the professor. Oh yeah. Oh, So I remember, I remember at one point at lunch turning my chair like this so I could sit here. You're trying to rotate, talk to him A si a permanent side long glance. Yeah, But you figured must just be a cramp or something. And I'm kind of thinking, oh, okay. So I slept funny last night. I must have slept on a weird angle on my pillow. Now I'm having a neck cramp. My glasses are loose. I just gotta tighten the glasses. Yeah. Everything under control. So then I, after lunch was going to go to my third interview was with Alison do's husband, who also studies songbirds. So he's familiar with the basal ganglia too. They meet up to walk over to his office together.


And so I explained to him on the walk over, I think I'm having neck cramps. Would it be possible maybe to try and get a hot pad? He says, sure, I may track one down, But on the walk, not only now does my neck start turning to the right, but it's snapping itself back Your involuntarily. Yeah. My head's snapping back. So you're suddenly, your eyes are pointed up at the sky. Yeah. And then as I'm talking to him, I'm realizing that I can't control my eyebrows from, from raising pretty tightly. So I look like you're doing right now, like I'm doing right Now. So you're in a state of of deep surprise. Yes. To Read your face. Constant, deep surprise, High eyebrow. I can't Stop it. I look surprised at everything I'm saying and I can't stop it. So after the eyebrows start and I can't pull 'em back down, then, then the mouth, then all this area starts to go With the lower face.


Yes. What is it doing? It turns into this really twisted, painful, grimacing smile. Would you mind demonstrating? I'll Demo it. I'll demo it. Okay. So I've got the neck. It's like this crane back. The eyebrows are like this Total surprise Is a little bit like this Crazy Frankenstein face. This is not the, obviously the best demeanor for a graduate interview. No. Yeah, it's not, it's not going well at that point. And I'm, And I'm there. Was Michael now noticing that something is Yeah, I think At that point he thought I was just really excited to be talking about neuroscience and I'm just trying to think. Okay. Mouth like try, try and just calm down a little bit. And it was pretty painful too.


I mean it was like, imagine like a charlie horse in your face. Oh yeah. But she gets through the interview. I Actually do. Okay. You know, he asked me tough questions about science and I can answer 'em I think. And I leave the interview. And then I met by the woman who's the head of the admissions weekend And she took one look at Liza And she said, you know, I don't know if you should do the rest of your interviews. And with her is my student host. And Liza decides, alright, lemme just call my dad just To say, Hey dad, I'm in the middle of my interview and something kind of funny is happening with my face. I can't control it. And while I'm talking to him, I lose control of my mouth and my tongue. So I can't, I can kind of talk, but it's, it's pretty bad.


It's pretty bad. Is your dad A doctor? No. Imagine your kid calling you being like, I'm losing control of my face. And as they're telling you that, I started to think something's really wrong. And then my student host comes rushing back in running and he looks at me and he tries to put on a calm face. And he says, so now we need to go to the emergency room. So they throw into a taxi. And in the taxi it went from, I can't control my mouth to a complete, I mean a complete mouth Palsy to the torque Complete. I did not look good. As we're pulling up the emergency room was when my throat started tightening up, They rush her inside and They have me in a gurney in a room in the back of the ER surrounded by six people within two minutes, Doctors swarming all around her Oxygen mask, EKG leads all over my chest.


They do an iv. And as she's lying there on the table and she's thinking like, what's wrong with me? Why can't I control my throat? Why can't I control my body? And I Just, I couldn't, I remember frantically sending messages like, you gotta cut this out now. But she wasn't in control. And it turned out that while she was going from interview to interview, to interview, talking about how her lab had taken these little mies and Cs control of their basal ganglia, The compazine that I Took, that nausea drug Was actually affecting dopamine systems in my basal ganglia. In other words, that drug had been doing to her Pretty much what, what she'd Been doing to those mice. One to 2% of people who take compazine, they can have what's called an acute dystonia, which is what happened to me During all those interviews.


And The crazy thing is, the guy that I talked to first in the morning was the molecular dopamine guy. You know, how does dopamine get packed in the vesicles? How does it get released? And it wasn't until I started talking with the more systems level people who studied the behavioral output of the basal ganglia that I started to have behavioral deficits in my basal ganglia. Wow. So your basal ganglia are testing the San Francisco docs and they are failing in. Yeah. Did you get into San Francisco State? UCSF are UCSF? No. No. Oh Hmm. Damn it. Basal ganglia. We should probably tell everybody that Liza is obviously doing okay. Back in the ER when the doctors finally figured out what was going on, they just gave her some Benadryl of all things And, and actually within 20 minutes I was feeling a lot better She could breathe.


Her face had un clenched. And when we asked her, how has this little adventure changed you? She said, well, I'm still working with those mice. 'cause when we talked to her grad school hadn't started yet. And now when I go into that room with a little laser, I go in now and I just really, I empathize with them. Come on little Casper, this will just be for a complimentary. You can do it. Yeah. Thinking a lot about that. Liza Schoenfeld is now a proud PhD candidate at the University of Washington. And thanks to Brenna Farrell for production help on that story.


I'm Jan Abumrad. I'm Robert Kvi. We'll be back. I'm Pat Walters. I'm the managing editor of Radiolab Radiolab. I kind of think about it like a big, beautiful team sport. If we think about a Radiolab episode as a sports game, it does feel like we're like always underdog. Every time we do wander off into places and ideas and communities of people that we've never been to like literally never been to. In fact, if we've ever been to one before and we get like the slightest sense that we've been there before, even if it's happened like 20 years ago, we won't go there because we wanna go to the new places.


And me and the rest of the team are able to do all of that Thanks to you. If you rely on Radiolab and the work that we create, the best way to support us is to become a lab member. To learn more about the lab and our exclusive member perks, go to radiolab.org/join. That's radiolab.org/join.


Radiolab is supported by Lumen. Lumen is a handheld metabolic coach that measures your metabolism through your breath because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and better sleep. And on the Lumen app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you the tips to keep you on top of your health game. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to Lumen me slash Radiolab to get 20% off your lumen. That is LUME n.me/radiolab to get 20% off your purchase.


Hi, it's Stephen Colbert and I'm here to tell you about the Late Show Pod show, which is the podcast of The Late Show with me Stephen Colbert. And I'm here with my producer of the podcast, Becca. Hi Becca. Hi Steven. So what do people get when they listen to the Late Show Pod show? Let's, let's sell this thing. The extended moments for sure, because we run outta time for broadcast. But we have plenty of time on the podcast. Podcast. It's kinda like being a live audience member of the show. 'cause you get things that no one else hears. Listen to The Late Show Pod Show with Stephen Colbert wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jad Abumrad. I'm Robert Krulwich. This is Radiolab. And today Times when you and your brain have a falling out, so to speak. Okay, so Liz's disagreement with her brain didn't last very long. It was over within really less than a day. Yeah. But there are people who get into fusses with their heads that last longer. So here's a bigger, better, and broader story. Also, a true story comes from an essay written many years ago by a guy named Burton Che, who's this great, I dunno. How would you describe him? Burton Rouche. He was a great essayist journal. Journalism essayist. Yeah. And this essay was published in 1958 in the New Yorker. And it's kind of an interesting essay 'cause it's essentially one long quote from this woman that Burton interviewed Rosemary Morton.


It reads like a novel even though it's nonfiction. So we asked an actress who's been in some movies, hope Davis to read excerpts from Rosemary's story. The story begins on a normal night. Rosemary's at home with her husband, Frank, and everything's fine for the moment. I'd been home about an hour, dinner was ready and waiting in the oven, and I was sitting at the piano, not really playing, just amusing myself. That's something I often do at the end of the day. It helps me relax. My husband was in the kitchen making us a cocktail, which is another Morton Custom. We usually have a drink or two before dinner.


So everything was quite ordinary and normal until Frank came in with the drinks. I got up to join him on the sofa, and as I did, as I started across the room, I felt the floor sort of Shake. Good heavens. I said, what was that? Frank just looked at me. His face was a perfect blank. He made some remark about old building, stretching and settling and handed me my drink. So she doesn't really think too much of this 'cause it was very momentary. Okay. But a week later, she's at work.


She's actually in the library. 'cause she's a librarian. She's at her desk. I worked at my desk for about an hour and it was heaven. So quiet, so peaceful. Then I got up to get a book from the stacks or a drink of water or something. And it happened. The floor gave a shake and sank. It went down and up. Just one lurch, maybe a little more pronounced than the first time. And then everything was back to normal except for my state of mind. I didn't know what to think.


The best I could do was tell myself that this was an old building too. It was built around 1900. So That was your sense at first, just old buildings. It never occurred to me that there might be any other explanation. But then over the next few days, very odd things begin to happen. I don't know how to describe it, but I had the feeling that my sense of touch was getting more and more acute, especially in the soles of my feet. I could feel little tremors that other people couldn't.


I didn't tell Frank until the middle of the following week on Wednesday night to be exact. By then I had to. I couldn't keep it to myself any longer. There was something wrong with me. There just wasn't any word for the awful sensations I'd been having. The floor shaking, feeling was only one of them. I don't know how many times that happened over the weekend, seven or eight at least. But even that began to have a different feeling. At first the floor had moved or sagged as a whole. It still did.


Only now I could feel another movement too. A kind of counterpoint. Sometimes it was as if I were sinking into the floor. The room would tilt and I'd take a step and the floor was like snow. It would give under my foot and I would sink. And other times it was just the reverse. A floor would rise up to meet me by then. It wasn't simply the floor that moved when the floor tilted, the walls of the room tilted with it and the ceiling. I mean, the shape of the room never changed, only its position in space.


So Rosemary went to see her doctor and her doctor sent her to some specialists and they ran some tests. And then a short while later, she went back to her doctor to get the results. He'd read me their conclusions and they were all the same. They even used the same phrase, impression, Essentially Normal. I'll never forget that phrase. Normal. Essentially Normal. It sounds so reassuring, so comforting. But it isn't. At least it wasn't to me. It was terrifying.


After this diagnosis or non diagnosis, things really take A turn. Fast forward a few months. There were times in March and early April when I was absolutely certain I was going to die. But my reaction to death was peculiar. I don't remember feeling afraid. All I remember is an overwhelming sense of urgency. So little time. So little done. So much I wanted to do. I dragged Frank to the theater more than once, and I never thought of refusing. When he suggested the Philharmonic or the Metropolitan, my response to music had never been so complete.


I spent hours listening to records. I'd play some old favorite, like Beacham conducting Hayden's London Symphony. And it was amazing. It seemed to me that I could hear the inner structure more clearly than ever before. So the idea of a dinner and a concert wasn't at all unusual. My only mistake was to take that dreadful underground passage. It was raining and I was in a hurry.


But even so, I should have realized when I did, it was too late. The passage was jammed with commuters shoving and pushing and surging toward me. But I didn't dare turn back. The floor was beginning to wobble, and I knew if I tried to swing around, it would tip me head over heels. All I could do was go on. The traffic was still all against me. People kept looming up, towering up. That came charging at me like giants. And then I felt something right out of a nightmare.


I was almost at the end of the passage when I felt the movement change. It was as if someone had pulled a lever. There was a little jolt, and the floor was moving very slowly backward, down the passage. I was walking on a treadmill only for a minute though. Then I reached the stairs. I drove myself up to the lobby and collapsed in a chair. I was jelly. From early April, I began to move in a different world.


I was conscious of a new dimension, a new plane. I had a new relationship to space. My legs, my arms, my face. My whole body felt different. It had no permanent shape. It changed by the minute. I seemed to be completely at the mercy of some outside force, some atmospheric pressure. I was amorphous. My left leg would seem to lengthen, or my right arm or my neck or one whole side of me would double or treble in size.


And yet that doesn't fully describe it. There were times when the force seemed to be the rotation of the Earth. I would have the feeling that I was vertically aligned with the earth's axis. I could feel a sort of winding movement start up inside me. Then one of my legs would begin to shorten, as if it were an anchor being drawn slowly up by a winch. The other leg would dangle after a minute, the winch would shift. It would engage the dangling leg and just as slowly bring it up to match the other.


It feels like some kind of a nightmare cartoon of some kind. Yeah. So, so what? What is it? What is wrong with her? Well, after months of this, at the end of the essay, she does finally learn that this condition she has has a name. My trouble was a disturbance of the internal ear called labyrinthitis. Labyrinthitis. The suffix itis meant inflammation, swelling. So the meaning of labyrinthitis as a word, was simply an inflammation of the oral labyrinth. But You know, I think people in science and medicine love to give big fat names to, I don't know. Well, Actually this condition you should know goes by another name.


What? Vertigogo. Oh, That's why I like the story. 'cause like I didn't know, I mean, like I always thought of Vertigogo, like from the movie. Yeah. Like you're on a stairs and you're like, woo. Yeah. Like it's just a thing with heights, you know? Like that's what it was in the Hitchcock film. But what Rosemary Morton goes through in this story, it's like seems way deeper. And at some point in the essay, she actually refers to her situation as a case of gravitational anarchy. That's an interesting phrase. Phrase.


I kind of, I kind of like. Yeah. Well, does she get better? Yep. It's impossible to say exactly when it all ended, but I think it was Frank who really sensed at first, it was after dinner one night in late August, and he suddenly smiled and remarked that I must be feeling much better. I asked him what he meant. You never look scared Anymore. He said it's very mysterious. But her Vertigogo just went away, poof. Without explanation for the coming and no explanation for the going. Some things just don't have explanations, Robert, but they have wonderful sound design.


And that's Radiolab. No explanations. Pretty sounds. I'd buy a ticket to that. Mr. Jers, I'm crazy for sound design. Speaking of not knowing anything, Thanks to Bur and Rouche. Well, he's not alive anymore, but, but you can find his story Essentially Normal in the the awesome book Medical Detectives, which was published in 1984 by Dutton. Our sincere thanks to Actress Hope Davis and to Sarah Montague and Ellen Horn for directing Hope in the studio. And thanks to Tim Howard and Douglas Smith for the Scoring Hope with that piece. And lastly, huh, thanks to you for listening.


Hey, I'm Lemon and I'm from Richmond, Indiana. And here are the staff credits. Radiolab was created by Jad Abumrad and is edited by Soren Wheeler, Lulu Miller and lots of Nasser are our co-hosts. Dylan Keith is our Director of Sound Design. Our staff includes Simon Adler, Jeremy Bloom, Becca Bresler W Harry Fortuna, David Gable, Maria Paz Gutierrez, Nan Ti, Annie McEwen, Alex Neeson, Sarah Ka, Sarah Sandbach, Anisa Anne Wack Pat Walters, and Molly Webster. Our five checkers are Diane Kelly, Emily Krieger, and Natalie Middleton.


Hi, my name is Reza. I'm calling from Colchester in Essex, uk. Leadership support for Radiolab Science Programming is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Science Sandbox, the Saman Foundation Initiative, and the John Templeton Foundation. Foundational support for Radiolab was provided by the Alfred P Loan Foundation.


Do You have a car, truck, boat, motorcycle, or RV that is no longer of use to you? No matter what shape it's in, you can donate it to WNYC even if it's a hundred years old. Donating is easy, the pickup is free, and you'll get a tax deduction. Learn more at WNYC dot org slash car.