
Today's presenting sponsor is simply safe home security. Daylight saving time means longer days, but unfortunately burglars take advantage of that too. Wow, what a, that's great. FBI Crime Data shows break-ins are more likely during daylight hours than under the cloak of night. Protect your home with simply safe's proactive security that helps stop threats before they happen. Love it. Set it up himself so anyone can do it. You can do it. And he really, he he's a big SimpliSafe fan with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out each morning, or when locking up each night. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe Active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees monitoring plans Start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit simplisafe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


My new super smart Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra keeps me a step ahead, thanks to now brief with Galaxy ai. It shows me my daily appointments at a glance so I can focus on my passion. Posing my pups to recreate French paintings. Bruno, you look like a princess Galaxy S 25 Ultra, the AI companion that streamlines your day so you can do you get yours@samsung.com. Displays daily. Select info from select apps may require internet connection, galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett, Tommy Detour On today's show. Donald Trump keeps taking this country to darker places and the Democrats are per usual in disarray. We've got an exclusive interview later with Hakeem Jeffries about the fallout from the shutdown fight and his break with Chuck Schumer. The three of us will also debate what could have been and talk about what's next for Democrats. We'll also talk about Trump's claim that Joe Biden's preemptive pardons for January 6th committee are void and vacant, which followed a speech at the Department of Justice where he, again, threatened government officials and journalists. But first we have to talk about the biggest and most alarming development from over the weekend, which is that the Trump administration is now rounding up, deporting and jailing people in foreign prisons without due process.


No evidence, no hearings, no judges. The President has invoked the Alien Enemies Act. A law which was last used to justify the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II to deport 137 Venezuelans to El Salvador, where they're being held in a mega prison that's been accused of human rights abuses. The Trump administration claims it has the authority to deport these migrants due to their alleged membership in trend Deua, a Venezuela based gang that Trump's Justice Department has labeled a terrorist organization. But the administration has offered no evidence of this, which is one reason why a US District Court judge temporarily blocked the deportations and ordered the flights carrying the migrants to return to the United States.


But, and here's the kicker. Two senior officials told Axios, the Trump administration ignored the judge's order because the flights were already over international waters. When the ruling came down, the White House posted footage of the immigrants landing in El Salvador, and the country's president posted a story about the ruling with Oopsie too late laughing emoji, which then got an RT from Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. Isn't that great? I wanna get into all of this, especially the Republicans roundabout claims that they didn't violate the court's order. But first general reactions from you guys. What we've learned in the last few weeks is that, that the executive branch has a tremendous amount of authority to deport people under current law, including ways that seem capricious and cruel.


Right? We've all been talking about the Immigration Nationality Act of 1952. That's what Marco Rubio used to declare that Mabu, Khalil, the, the Columbia student, was a threat to the United States and have ice pick him up. But what they're trying to do here with the Alien Enemies Act is, is far scarier to me, which is create a process that is essentially outside of all existing immigration law and and procedures. I was talking to a very smart immigration expert who, who compared it to what Trump did with Title 42 during the pandemic, which was basically you just expel people from the country. You didn't give 'em a case to talk to an immigration judge or have any due process. You just said that because of this old, you know, health related authority, everyone's just immediately out.


And so if, if the courts uphold what Trump is doing here with the Alien Enemies Act, you could see something similar happen, which is the administration can just say that any VIIA Venezuelan man over the age of 16 who isn't a citizen or legal resident, they can just say, okay, you're actually a member of Trend ua. You're kicked outta the country. And that could include people with visas or people here under temporary protected status. And just like I play that out in your head for a second, you're a Venezuelan kid. You grew up in a neighborhood in Venezuela with a lot of gangs. You fled them 'cause they threatened to harm you. You try to get asylum in the US and you later get picked up by the US and deported back to Venezuela because you sort of had associations with gangs 'cause of where you are from.


And to get sent back to the place where, where you were threatened in the first place. I mean, it is really dark, authoritarian, scary stuff. I mean, I would go a step further than that and say, even if you're not Venezuelan, like I think this should terrify every single person in the Oh, Absolutely. I'm just talking about the current ego. Oh, no, no, no. But I'm, I'm saying the reason why I, I, I think everyone should be terrified by this. I think when you first hear about it, your reaction on total understandable reaction is, oh, this is like a hor, this gang is a violent gang. They've done horrific things. Of course, we don't want these people in our country, right? Absolutely no doubt. But if they are going outside the legal system here, and there's no hearings and no judges and no opportunity for evidence, like an ice agent can come to your door, say you're a citizen.


They don't let you prove you're a citizen. You can't contact a lawyer, they take you away. You don't get a hearing, you don't see a judge, no one knows where you are. You end up in El Salvador, the government claims you're a member of a domestic terrorist organization, a lawyer for one of the deported migrants. She posted a threat on Twitter and she said her client fled Venezuela, sought asylum in the US ice, submitted photos of his tattoos as evidence that he's trend deua. That was before Trump signed the Alien Enemies Act. So that's when we were still doing hearings. But then he signs it, so the attorney for the migrant plan to introduce evidence at trial that he's not actually a member of Trend deua. I had a whole bunch of evidence of why is not said he's, you know, an LGBT guy who was in the arts in Venezuela and had a, the tattoo meant something else, whatever, never got the chance to do this because there was no hearing disappeared from the online detainee locator.


The lawyer couldn't contact him, was deported. Now, no one can find this person. This person isn't a, and the the, you should talk a little bit Tommy about the prison in El Salvador because it is a, just a, a, a huge, huge prison. And the conditions there are very bad. Yeah, We're talking about massive 40,000 person super prisons. I mean, so the Aya Bka is the president of Venezuela. He's a dictator. He's very popular because he made El Salvador much safer. But the way he did that though was through mass incarceration. They put 2% of the population of the country in jail. And many of them were arrested after Buka declared something called a state of exception, which was, there was this horrible spate of gang violence in 2022, they declared a state of exception, which suspended due process rights, constitutional rights.


And so what happened was Buhay sent his thugs into towns. They swept up all men of a certain age, threw them in jail without any evidence, and just declared that they were somehow associated with a gang. And human rights groups have documented torture, execution, horrific things in the, in these massive prisons. And the United States is now gonna pay Aya Bali's government, I think, $6 million to take more people and throw them into this, this nightmare of his system. And in so doing further prop up the Bouley dictatorship, and to your point earlier, like Bouley literally mocked, our courts literally mocked our system of justice. And the Trump Administration's response was to laugh along with him.


And, and, and you mean this like fascist hype video outta the whole thing? Well, so come back to the video. Like people like Tucker Carlson have been holding up El Salvador as a model. The far right has been holding up El Salvador as a model. The reason Trump is doing this is because a, these are people who are, the, the people Trump claims to be targeting are the kind of people that the Republicans, the Republicans view as indefensible. You don't wanna be caught defending Venezuelan gang members who are here in this country illegally, and B, they want to hold up El Salvador as an example of what happens when you really bring the hammer down if you really wanna address crime. Exactly. So they're gonna start by eating away at due process for undocumented immigrants, visa holders, and then green card holders.


And ultimately citizens, you know, you talked about the Marco Rubio example. Marco Rubio is claiming, oh, I have broad powers, I have broad discretion. Look at what the law says. You gotta go in front of a judge and prove that a, a student protest a year ago is a current threat to the United States, right? You can't just claim it. You have to go in front of a judge and prove it. That's what they're afraid of doing. Or that, or when they do it, that's what they're trying to ignore. Also, like to the extent that there are criminals in the United States, undocumented criminals, violent criminals, the reason they're here is not because the government is losing in court. These are not even traditional courts. These are immigration courts. And so the standard by which you can deport someone is much lower.


And the president, the president already has broad, broad powers to deport people in this country. The government could have very easily apprehended, detained, deported these migrants by bringing them before an immigration judge and providing evidence that they are who the government says they are. That is, you could easily do that. That is, there is no public safety, right rationale for doing what they did. You could keep people safe, keep these people detained, and then deport them without doing it this way. And the problem with doing it this way again, is we are basically just taking the Trump administration's word for it. That these are all members of the Venezuelan gang. We're just taking their word for it with no, no judges saying anything. And By the way, like even on their own terms, look, we may get to the point where these judges are gonna rule and the Trump, and we are so far down the fascist path that they're gonna just ignore those rulings and ignore the rulings of the judgements that come after that.


But a lot of these people are gonna have claims in our courts for being abused, for being mistreated, for being denied their rights. Same thing is happening more broadly with dos. There's a lot of people who are being unlawfully fired, unlawfully removed from their jobs. VIIA, their first amendment rights are being, normally they do come up with some pretense for why they're kicking people outta the country. They're just outright saying, we're gonna deny we're doing it based on their expression. And these people are gonna have claims in the future. So Doge is gonna cost the country money. These, these, like if you do it, if, if you follow the rules, even in their own terms, right? They would be able to deport a lot of these people without having to claim they have some extra judicial, extra legal authority to do. So.


It's just A little, little bit of media criticism. I think that people are doing a good job covering this, but I've seen a lot of stories just state as fact that the people deported were Venezuelan gang members, right? When there's just absolutely no evidence of it. So literally no evidence, none has been presented. And this is, but, but one of you said it, this is the whole strategy of the Trump's immigration policy this time around, right? Which is to try to hold up the most indefensible examples and then make like, and by the way, this is happening not just with the Venezuelan gang, this is happening now. There's a whole bunch of these cases popping up. There was a, there's a New Hampshire man who has a valid green card from Germany. He's just a German citizen, violently interrogated at Logan airport, stripped naked, put in a cold shower, denied access to his medication, food, water, all because he had a misdemeanor charge for marijuana possession from 2015, which had since been dismissed.


Mother of five from Milwaukee, who has lived here in the United States since she was eight months old. She was deported to Laos where she's never been. And now she's stranded in a house surrounded by military guards, again, because of a marijuana related conviction. There was also a kidney transplant specialist and a professor at Brown Medical School with a valid visa who was deported back to Lebanon because she had attended the funeral of the Hezbollah leader, who she said she's not into politics, but it was a spiritual leader. I don't know if you wanna explain more about that or No, it's a weird move. Great. Yeah. I Don't, yeah, sort of a, I was like, I Was, I'm not a big RAA fan myself. Sort of a sort of a, I'd say a weird way to spend your break.


Yeah, But I'm not, I'm not in favor of deporting her, but I, you know, wouldn't attend. Here's the problem with that one is like, you can take away her visa if you want, for attending that funeral. Again, you can argue if that's fair or not. But the judge said, no, I want a hearing. First they said, no, the plane already left. And that was that. But Even that one too, they're, they're, they're claiming, oh, like, yeah, you had rule, but oh, we couldn't get it to the, the, it was, it was too late. The plane was already going. And it's like, exactly. It's, it's very, by the way, one thing that's just happening right now, and it just, it's worth saying like, we'll, we'll talk about it, but like, they just are trying stuff, right? Because they don't care about the rules, they don't care about the law and what happens, the people that do care about the rules, that do care about the law are left scrambling to figure out even what the facts are.


Right? So did the Trump administration know when this person was on the plane that they were already under order to not allow them to leave? We don't totally know. It seems like they probably did. I'm not totally sure. Because what's happening is they don't care, right? They're just moving on to the next thing. They're pulling this all over the place. And the people that care about the rules, they care about the facts are left kind of crawling behind, trying to sort through what's going on. You know? Did Joe Biden sign this with an auto pen? What was the cause of the, you know, like all these, like all of these ways in which Trump is stretching his authority, they really are also stretching our ability kind of collectively to keep up with what he's Doing. Very much so. And with this German green card holder who was detained at Logan Airport, like whether or not he had some, missed a hearing and his green card should have been revoked, his treatment was indefensible and I, I mean they tortured him.


This guy was just tortured. And I think what's happening in practice is you have a lot of green card holders who are scared to death about whether they should travel. They should I travel internationally, should travel within the country, should, well, in some cases, yes. I mean there are capricious like awful sex of ice. And apparently this person I was talking to was saying that the CBP office at Logan is a bit notorious and people were not that surprised that it happened there. But I think, you know, what you could imagine happening is Trump came in pledging mass deportation, things are going slower than he thought. And in a weird way, the people who have tried to go through the process, tried to get green cards, head visas are easier to pick up 'cause they're less nervous and they're willing to travel and they're willing to like leave the country and come back.


And now those people are getting swept up. They're scared to Death. Brown University has since told all their international students like, don't travel. You know? And like look, I, I remember when, when Trump won again and I, I talked to some people who are legal residents but not citizens who are like very worried like, should we be worried? And I said, oh no. Like if you have, if you're a legal resident, if you have a green card, if you have a visa like that, that's not who they're going after. They're going after undocumented immigrants. I don't think that's true anymore. There's se again, there's 17 million people in this country who are legal residents but not citizens who have gone through the whole process. And I think that the, what the Trump administration has been doing right now is like saying that none of those people are safe. And they are, you know, by the way, they are within the, the laws give the administration enough power to take away a green card or visa.


But again, through a hearing, they didn't give the hearing to, you know, the woman from Brown, they didn't give a hearing to any of these people that went to El Salvador. And then the White House now is going back and forth on whether they actually defied a court order or not. Attorney General, Pam Bondy put out a statement accusing the judge who tried to turn the plane around of siding with the terrorists over the safety of the American people terrorists. That's what the Attorney General said. The White House press secretary Caroline Levitt said the federal judges quote, have no jurisdiction over these deportations. And here's how borders are. Tom Holman reacted on Fox News. I wake up every morning loving my job because I work for the greatest president in the history of my life.


We're not stopping. I don't care what the judges think. I don't care what the left thinks we're coming, It seems like the administration's response amounts to, we didn't ignore the courts, but the courts have no right to stop us. Well it's also, it's like what does he mean there? Right? The courts can't stop us. As in what we're doing is, is legal, right? The courts can't stop us 'cause the courts don't have jurisdiction. The courts can't stop us 'cause we're gonna ignore their rulings where we don't believe we have to follow them. Or there's no way to stop us if, if we don't. And I think part of this is like it's worth separating out. There's where they're taking the law, the letter of the law, and using it in, in novel or kind of aggressive ways that haven't been used before. The ways in which they're just breaking the law, right? But fundamentally, like this is about intent, right?


Like there was a, a lot, a lot of what we have in our immigration systems, a lot of, a lot of people who have skirted the law or ignored the brokenness of the system. But there was an understanding on green card holders that like, yeah, there are cer everyone knows that they're not citizens and there are ways in which they can lose their right to be in this country. But for the most part, if you had a green card in this country, no, you can't be on a jury. No, you can't vote, you can't run for office. But other than that, you can work, you can apply for jobs, you're protected by the First amendment. You're ba you're, you're living here on the path to becoming a citizen. And we all collectively respected that if you were born here, right? Even if your parents weren't, weren't from here, you were, you had the protections of citizenship. And what they are trying to do is slowly undermine that basic assumption, right?


Like I, my my friend has their, their, they have relative relatives from the Middle East that are, are here on a green card and they were gonna go home to just because they have life there and they're only here part of the year. And they're just like, no, they're gonna have to stay. They're afraid because they're afraid that if they go to the airport, they're gonna touch that system. Right? That system that, that nobody has any confidence in it. I think they're right and that's already happened. We're already through whatever the legal justification, whatever the case is, where they're gonna follow the law or not follow the law is no longer, you can no longer trust that the government will respect that you have a green card. Yeah. I mean I don't, I don't know what advice to give people, but I understand the fear and I empathize with the fear. And also Tom Holman, I think specifically threatened Boston as part of their attempt to intimidate so-called sanctuary cities.


It also seems like there could be a bit of a, a split on policy in the White House. Like there's part of the White House that doesn't wanna completely give the finger to the lower courts because they know that can piss off the Supreme Court and therefore they're making these legalistic arguments. Oh, we're in compliance with the law. 'cause technically speaking, if you look at the timeline of the flights, we were over international waters when the written order came down. And this is just a good faith agreement of whether a verbal order came to this carries the same force as a written one, blah, blah, blah. Right? And then there's another part of the White House probably like the Steven Miller wing that's like, fuck this, let's get to the Supreme Court, let's have this fight. And what we want is a ruling that says lower courts cannot issue nationwide injunctions anymore.


And then they are off to the races. And that is scary. And it seems like Pam Bondy is in the Stephen Miller camp. Otherwise it's hard to understand why you'd call a judge a terrorist sympathizer. 'cause that's pretty crazy. If you care about what, like judges in the legal process thinks of you, Or they're trying to get a case to the Supreme Court, that is the, the best possible case for them in front of the Supreme Court, right? 'cause there's varying degrees of this. So at the hearing today, we're recording this Monday afternoon, judge Boberg, who is the judge involved in the Venezuelan gang case, basically said to the government, to the DOJ, like, isn't the better course to just return the planes to the US and then figure out what to do? And if you don't like my order, you can challenge my order and it can either be amended or, or changed or whatever else.


By the way, the DOJ before the hearing or during the hearing, tried to have him removed from the case. They asked the DC circuit to have him removed from the case. And then the judge asked the government details about the flights, how many flights left, when did they leave? And the DOJ response was, those are operational issues and I am not at liberty to provide information. So the judge was like so exasperated at the end of the hearing, he said, I want a written, like I want information immediately. I want you to tell me information about all this. And so I'm guessing that that's gonna get, now take, you know, appealed up the chain. Two Other, two other moments from what that judge said is one, he said, I'm sorry, are the words I say out loud less impactful to you? Do you have to follow them?


'cause I didn't write it down. And the lawyer to their, I guess credit or detriment said, I'm not willing to say what our position is. I'm not quite yet 'cause I I feel like I'm over my skis. And then the other part of it, which Is happening, by the way, to some of these lawyers, and you're seeing this in some of these cases, in some of the doge cases too, the judge is getting like exasperated at the government and the government's like, I'm just trying to do my job here. They, they have a different standard. What they can say in the courtroom is Caroline Levitt at the White House briefing, I think made exactly that point, which is that a verbal order is different than a written order, which I would just surprise a lot of judges who treat their courtroom like a place where they are fucking God. And the other, the other part of it is, and I it was, is just the lawyer saying, well we were over international waters. And so the judge is like, I'm sorry, can you explain that to me? Does the president have extreme other powers over international waters?


And they were like, oh, we're not prepared to not, Yeah, you can, the president just put a bunch of people on a planes, put 'em over international waters and then have them executed. Is that, is that, that's the new thing. Now also you Can track all these flights, like all of this, the specific timelines for when these planes took off and landed have been published in a number of news outlets. Like, I'm not sure what the play is here by the government lawyer that they think they can hide this data from the judge. So last thing before we move off this, I saw a lot of mag pundits on social media like CNN Scott Jennings gloating that Trump has once again goaded Democrats into taking the losing side of an 80 20 issue. You guys think that's right? Look, I think more, I'm like, I guess due process is a 2080 issue.


Now that's probably a big fucking problem for us, right? Like the, the they, they're just sort of, they, this is indefensible, it's indefensible to not put this before a, a judge. If you believe in sort of the, the basic tenets of the American judicial system of the Constitution, you understand that? Yeah, of course you have the right to deport members of a dangerous Venezuelan gang back to where they come from. Fine. But you have to go through a judge, you have to go through the courts. They don't wanna make the argument that the president is a dictator. So they're like, huh, this is, this is the hill you're gonna die on. And it's like, well, you know what, if we, maybe we'd like to live on it, maybe we'll go up top of the hill and see if we can survive up here. Yeah. I I I actually think Scott Jennings, well he's an insufferable idiot.


Anyone who's watching CNN knows that. But I don't think he's right here because that's a question of framing. Like I think the democratic party's position should be, of course we should deport terrorists and murderers full stop. But there has to be a legal process to make those determinations and creating a system where any White House can just say, you're a terrorist, you're a terrorist, you're a gang member and then deport you. That's un-American. And this is not like an unfamiliar argument 'cause our country has lost its mind. Before it was called the War on Terror. Before that it was called the Red Scare and efforts to, you know, prevent com people with so-called communist ties or sympathies from coming back to the United States. So I think like it's, it's an argument we have to make. And I feel far better about the due process argument than holding up some specific scary individual that did something awful, which is what the White House is gonna do.


Yeah. You know what they're gonna do a bunch of polls. You can show me all the polls with, do you support deporting violent criminals? Do you support deporting gang members, blah, blah blah. And it's gonna be an 80 20, 90 10 issue. Whatever. I support that too. Right. Let me write the poll question. Like any of us could write a poll question that would get a different result. Right? Which is like, do you support the US government rounding up people and jailing them in foreign countries without a hearing? I bet that's an 80 20 issue. I bet that's a 90 10 issue. The Other, yeah. The other part of it is too is you know, they're, you know, they're just deporting criminal aliens. And, and I do think they are relying on the fact that when most Americans imagine, they imagine people who don't speak English, they imagine people who look like immigrants, right?


They're not picturing a Norman Rockwell painting. Right. There's a lot of American citizens that don't look like a Norman Rockwell painting. That's why I mentioned the German guy. The German citizen who looks just like Tommy. And by the way, there's a Two To 40 people. Nine Yeah. Sleeper cell. But the, but like there are a lot of, there, there are a lot of people that voted for Donald Trump that don't look like a Norman Rockwell painting that didn't think this would apply to them. There have been stories already. Yeah. We were like, wait a second. When he said he was gonna go after undocumented people, I didn't think they would come for, for my wife, for my husband Trump. Yeah, Trump voter again, I think it was, he was also in Wisconsin and he's marrying a woman who was going through the process to get legalized. Like literally like had the papers going through the whole process and then they just took her away.


And that's it. There Was a great piece in Politico, I believe about the Immigration Nationality Act of 1952, which is the law that's currently being used to expel m Khalil for alleged Hamas sympathies or whatever, antisemitism. And if you look at the history of how that law came to be and whom it was written by, it was written by a senator, I mean Pat McCarran, who was just a virulent antisemite. And the law was used to keep Jews out of the United States even after the Holocaust. So it's just a good reminder that the history of these kind of tactics and, and legal strategies will come back to bite everybody in the ass. Yep. And you should not support them. And and even despite, despite all that, we got a senate minority leader that everybody hates


Of America is brought to you by uplift. Desk muscles are vital for movement. That is true. That's factual and play a cute role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart help pump blood against gravity aiding circulation throughout the body by using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories. You are more likely to engage these muscles promoting improved blood flow and overall health. How's your calf pump? Yeah, I mean here's the thing. I think Tommy was gonna get calf implants, right? I did in the Nineties when I got rid of him. And then instead we both got uplift desks. Well we had a, we had a triple uplift desks set up now in the, in the C-suite. Is that what, what do we call our office? That's great. Our disgusting little office here in Cricket Media C Suite. Yeah. All three of us are in the same office. I'll say you've taken to the uplift desk to the standing desk like a fish to water. I mean, well the thing is, you're a big fan. I walked in one day and Tommy and Lovett had the uplift desk and I didn't because, and I made a huge mistake, started with fomo. I didn't, I didn't respond to an email in time. So I got an uplift desk and now I'm the one who stands the most. You Love it, but you can, you know, you, they go up and down, you just hit a little button and you go up and then when you get a little tired, you go down and you sit. It's great. And our, our listeners stand to lose increased blood flow and all these other health benefits if they don't get an uplift desk. I love that A desk should fit the user, which is why Uplift Desk has a lot of customization options. So you can build your perfect workspace with more than 200,000 configurations. Uplift Desk allows you to tailor your workspace to perfectly suit your style and needs empowering you to create an environment that inspires productivity and creativity. These are beautiful looking desks. They're very nice. Yeah. Standing aside. And it's a cool cup holder. I was never a standing desk person and I am such a convert now. Such a, so if you also have looked at standing desks and you're like, I don't know if that's for me, give it a whirl mixed Up treadmill desk for you. Make this year yours by going to uplift desk.com/crooked and use our code crooked to get four free accessories free, same day shipping free returns, and an industry leading 15 year warranty that covers your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's U-P-L-I-F-T-D-E-S k.com/crooked for a special offer. And it's only available at our link Start 2025. Right stand, move, thrive with Uplift desk.


Whether you're a homeowner creating your dream space or a pro managing multiple projects, discover a new way to shop at Ferguson home where great ideas become stunning spaces. Visit ferguson home.com to explore the best selection of bath, kitchen and lighting products. Or book an appointment at one of our showrooms where you can experience products firsthand and get personalized expert support every step of the way. Bring your vision to Ferguson home where it all comes together. Shop top brands like Cafe appliances or find your local showroom@fergusonhome.com.


Lest you think Trump is only going after immigrants. Consider his late Sunday night truth social post where the president declared that the preemptive pardons Joe Biden gave to the members of the House select January 6th committee are quote, void vacant and of no further force or effect because of the fact that they were done by Autopen. Joe Biden did not sign them. But more importantly, he did not know anything about them. End quote. I'm glad that more importantly is there. To be honest, that's gonna actually be quite important later. I think Trump Went on to say that the JS six committee members are now subject to investigation at the highest level end quote. Those claims followed a vengeful speech delivered at the Department of Justice on Friday. Here's a clip. The American people have given us a mandate and just a far reaching investigation is what they are demanding into the corruption of our system.


And that's exactly, I'm sure what Pam and Cash and everyone else mentioned here and not mentioned is going to be doing. We will expel the rogue actors and corrupt forces from our government. It's gonna be legendary. And I believe that CNN and M-S-D-N-C who literally write 97.6% bad about me are political arms of the Democrat party. And in my opinion, they're really corrupt and they're illegal. What they do is illegal. 97.6%. Very specific. Let's start with the pardons. What do you guys think? Did Trump figure out a way to prosecute Liz Cheney by discovering the classic autopen loophole in the president's Pardon power.


Because he, first of all, I first saw, you know, Trump posted something on one of his various platforms that had the three previous presidents and it showed his portrait from 2017. Then it showed a picture of an autopen and then it showed Trump in 2025. And when I saw that, I really saw, I saw it and I went, huh. Joe Biden was so old, it was an autopen that was president. And I was like, that's what I thought too. And I saw that and I thought, oh, you know, I wanna laugh at this, but I bet this pretends something fucking awful. You know, I really did. I was like, what is this gonna be about? I thought and sure a weird joke. And sure enough, the next day it was that Joe Biden used the autopen to sign these pardons and didn't know about them and therefore they our void, which ultimately will not stand up as long as somebody can get Joe Biden in front of a fucking camera or microphone in the next couple of days.


I saw he tweeted about St. Patrick's Day today. So Great hope and history rhyme. But the, the, the real issue is, what this is gonna do is force a bunch of people who receive lawful legitimate pardons to defend themselves in court. This is about wasting the time and scaring a bunch of people that Donald Trump considers enemies. There's An OLC opinion sitting on justice.gov from 2005 that says the president doesn't actually have to sign a bill for it to become law. They can instead direct a subordinate to quote affix the president's signature to such a bill, for example, by Autopen couldn't be more clear. US government, Thomas Jefferson Given, because you know who asked for that opinion, George Bush.


George W. Bush asked his DOJ for that. And it has remained ever since 2005. Yeah. Apparently, according to something I was reading, Thomas Jefferson used an something called a polygraph, an autopen like device as far back as 1804. You can visit it if you go to Monticello. And the idea that these pardons were done in secret when they were like the biggest story in the US political media at the time. So Biden didn't know about them. It's like self-evidently stupid. And, and He's on camera talking about them and, and, And no one knows what Biden did or didn't sign. Like the, the point of a signature is it looks the Same. That's why we use that. Well and they also, by the way, they, they've the, the, they've been claiming, oh, if you look all the signatures are identical, therefore they're from an auto pen. But actually it turns out that the way these things are uploaded into the Library of Congress, it may automatically put the autopen version of the signature in the signature position.


So we actually, we don't even know. Right. They're assuming because, 'cause I believe Trump and somebody in the Trump White House saw that the Heritage Foundation has something called the oversight project that pulled up all the signatures. They did a kind of red string, kind of, it's all the same. They're just chum in the water for the MAGA media, Right? Yeah. The National Archives came out and said the, the, the digitized version of official documents in the archives use the same image of the president's signature regardless of who's in office. So at the beginning of every term, they get a digitized version of the president's signature and, and the archives that you go online to see, they put that on every single document, whether that's the actual signature or not. So that's, so they're just looking at the wrong thing. And also there's plenty of photos of Biden signing laws by hand in person.


Remember executive orders, laws, the whole thing. There was a controversy about this. Remember Obama did, yeah, Obama when he was in Europe and they used an auto pen to sign a law, an Extension of the Patriot Act. Unfortunately. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. And I remember at the time, just to be honest, I was like, eh, I kind of want the president to get that, to get, to get his hands on that pen for laws. I do think that like the, this is all obviously ridiculous now everybody, everybody took that memo as being correct. Presidents can affix their signature by the way, like there's nothing magical If a president uses a pen or president, like let's say, you know, president uses a pen or a president uses a device that has a pen, they're still signing the fucking document. But you know, I would like Joe Biden to come.


Why Are we using signatures at all? Like It's 2025 Now that we've dug, dug into the calligraphy, just like zooming out on this DOJ speech, this thing it does, you know, Trump said America's success will be my retribution. It feels like that might not be the case. It seems like that was a little in joke for them. Yeah. Just to be clear, like yes, we are focused again, they, Donald Trump introduces the autopen thing and everyone's like, well who, who did sign it? How did they sign it? You have to kind of chase all these things down. But if they didn't have the autopen nonsense, they'd find some other fig leaf to go after these people some way outside of the pardon to go after Donald Trump's enemy. This speech was a speech about targeting all of these people, regardless of what their pardon says.


And by the way, they won't Finds, presidents don't give political speeches at the department of just Presidents don't give many speeches at all at the Department of Justice. I think Obama went at the very end of his term. But you don't give a speech at the d oj that's about like targeting your enemies unless you're trying to send a signal. This Is one of those moments where if any other president in history had done this, it would be a five alarm fire. It would be the only thing anyone is talking about. Because it is incredibly dangerous and frightening sign that Trump is primarily motivated by the desire to punish his enemies. And it's not just his speech. He's doing this in the context of having a completely compliant attorney general. Yeah. And Pam Bondy who like pays fey to him. We got Cash Patel and Dan Bonino now installed at the, at the, at the FBI, the Wall Street Journal reported that Patel was trying to get a direct line into the Oval Office so he could talk to Trump more easily.


Like the deputy FBI director is a right-wing podcaster with anger management problems. Trump's floating alien cannon talking about her, she's gonna be on the Supreme Court soon. We're threatening the media as all these corporations are preemptively caving and and cutting settlements with Trump to pay him off so that their corporate mergers can go through like things are dark. Well you know what? That's a good segue to the Democrats. Nice. Oh yeah, the Democrats. I didn't mean to segue there, but Boy that's sad. Were absolutely crushing it guys. Fuck. So after Dan and I last spoke on Thursday, 10 Senate Democrats led by Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer voted to break the filibuster and allow Republicans to pass their six month spending bill to keep the government open.


Schumer's decision to let the bill pass came after a week where just about every Senate Democrat voiced opposition to the legislation which boost defense spending and makes cuts to programs like Head Start community health centers. And after nearly every house Democrat had voted against it all but one, in fact, as you might imagine, the backlash has been fierce. It's come from elected and non-elected Democrats across the ideological spectrum, moderates, progressives, the whole group, including democratic leaders like Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi. And it's mostly been directed towards Schumer. We've been going back and forth here for weeks on the right shutdown strategy.


Dan has written several message boxes about it, which is why, you know, it's both important and tricky. So we thought just as an exercise, just as an intellectual exercise for all you listeners, we'd kick off the conversation about this by presenting the best argument in favor of what Schumer did and the best argument against what Schumer did. And then we can all get into how we really feel and where we ultimately come down. So Tommy's gonna take the Pro Schumer argument. Lovett's gonna take the Antis Schumer argument. I'm gonna play moderator and give each of you guys follow ups. And again, a disclaimer for anyone who wasn't paying attention or may see these clips out of context on the internet, these roles were assigned in advance and do not necessarily reflect the views of the people making the arguments.


It's funny you think That will help? We'll just Cut that. Tommy, take us away Pro Schumer. Okay. Why are you so happy with Chuck Schumer? Here's the Pro Schumer Strawman, which is the big picture is realistically speaking, Chuck Schumer's choice was vote for this bill or force what could likely be an indefinite government shutdown. Now, during a shutdown, what would happen is Trump would get to unilaterally decide what staff is essential or not essential. He could furlough people and essentially defacto fire them. So if you think Doge is bad, this is Doge on steroids. And we know that the Doge gang liked this because the wired reported that Elon Musk wanted to shut down for exactly this reason, to supercharge Doge. Now, if we had to shut down, what would've happened was there would be huge cuts to services people need, like veterans benefits.


Republicans in Congress would then get to force a bunch of very politically difficult votes on reopening some parts of the government, but not others. You need Democrats to hang together on all of those. And voters would almost certainly blame Democrats for this whole disaster until they finally caved. So this would've ended up being like Ted Cruz's disastrous government shutdown temper tan in 2013, which did real harm to the Republican party. And in this case it was even worse 'cause at least, at least Ted Cruz had like a point he was trying to get rid of Obamacare. Democrats hadn't decided on a clear policy goal or outcome or message. And so what ultimately happened is Democrats vote for a bill that is basically a continuation of the government funding for another six months.


There are some cuts, like you said, but they're not drastic. And the alternative was letting people who wanna destroy the government destroy it a lot faster. And for those who say, Chuck Schumer screwed up the messaging by saying he was for a filibuster before voting to keep the government open. His public posture had to be that he was shut down the government. Because in cards sometimes you gotta bluff even when you know you're gonna fold or else you don't have any leverage there. So what people are really mad about is not what Chuck Schumer did or even this votes, it's the fact that Democrats have no power. And going forward, the worst thing we can do is convince our base that we've got magical powers to fight Republicans that we don't actually have. And that the, what the problem is, is the the will is lacking, not the leverage because then we could get into an endless cycle of shutdowns like Republicans once did.


So here's the problem, and I think you are, I think that is accurately characterizing the argument that we heard in favor of voting for this. But I think embedded in that argument, like I didn't understand why voting for the CR was so wrong until I heard these arguments in favor of it. And the argument you heard from Chuck Schumer is basically there is no off ramp that there could be a, a prolonged shutdown that lasts between six and eight months and it will allow Trump and Doge to accelerate the lawless cuts that they're already making. It is a way for, for Trump and must to kind of complete their Doge agenda without the protection of the courts, without the protection of, of, of, of Congress deciding how the money is spent.


And to me the problem with that is it basically, it makes it, it shows two things. It says one, Republicans do not need to negotiate with Democrats because they know that Democrats are so afraid of the consequences of a shutdown that they will vote for something even though they had no say in what it was. Right. What you're talking about, the reason Chuck Schumer was bluffing is that he was hoping that there would be some resolution of a bipartisan process. There wasn't, that came to nothing. So what they were hoping, right, they were as they were observers, hoping that the Republican only bill wouldn't be able to get through the house. That ended up not being the case and that something would come of these bipartisan negotiations. That was not the case. And so what happened, Democrats had to choose at the end of this process, but between basically voting for a bill that was negotiated without them, for which they got nothing.


Right? They had demands. I mean, I don't think they were clear about that, but they had demands, right? First of all, clean cr, which this wasn't right, this increased defense spending and cut a bunch of programs, cut funding for DC and that they do that Congress does something to reassert its supremacy over spending in this country, right? Over the basic constitutional principle that Congress controls the purse and what Republicans were counting on was that Democrats would cave and that they were so afraid of Elon Musk and Donald Trump that they wouldn't be willing to endure a shutdown. Why is it that Chuck Schumer is afraid a shutdown could last six months? It's because he believes that Republicans will not care about the consequences. And he believes Republicans will not worry about the political fallout of those consequences. So they don't care about hurting people and they don't think they'll pay any price, even though the polls, I don't disagree with you Tommy, that over time Republicans might be able to successfully blame Democrats.


But at the outset of this fight, Republicans who controlled the Senate, controlled the House, controlled the White House, were the ones voters were more likely to blame. They were more likely to blame Trump and Republicans than they were to blame the Democrats stepping all the way back. The fundamental challenge of fighting democratic backsliding is Donald Trump has the power of lawlessness and he has the power of institutions In this case, what Chuck Schumer is explicitly saying is, my fear of the way Donald Trump abuses his power in this arena and actually makes him even more powerful, gives him even more leverage in the legitimate institutional arena where he has constitutional authority that is incredibly dangerous. There's an opening scene in the movie Lethal Weapon where a man is threatening to jump off of a building and Mel Gibson is trying to negotiate out of it and he realizes there's no way to do it.


He has to throw his handcuffs on the guy and jump with him and aim him toward a soft landing. That the only way to fight someone that is crazier than you, that cares about the consequences less than you is to show that you are a little bit crazy too. And until we figure out how to, like Republicans count on Democrats to be responsible. And until we are willing to show that we we can take some pain that we're, that we're as tough as they are, that they don't get to count on us to protect them from their own decisions, we will constantly, constantly lose these fights. It's a meaningful South Africans in lethal weapon too. They Are diplomatic. Diplomatic immunity.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with Better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And this month Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that we've ever offered on this show. With 90% off your first week. Guys, don't miss this. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. Who's got anxiety, who's got every day's stress, everything's fine. 90% off your first week, it's like a free therapy session. Give it a whirl. Therapy's helpful, you're getting talk to someone and you know, maybe a little less anxiety, maybe a little less stress. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. For a limited time visit better help.com/psa to get 90% off your first week. That's better help HE p.com/psa.


Comcast business helps retailers become seamlessly restocking, frictionless, paying favorite shopping destinations. It's how nationwide restaurants become touchscreen ordering, quick serving eateries and how hospitals become the patient. Scanning data, managing healthcare facilities that we all depend on with leading networking and connectivity. Advanced cybersecurity and expert partnership. Comcast business is powering the engine of modern business powering possibilities. Restrictions apply.


I have been thinking about this a lot because when the election first happened and we knew there was gonna be a government funding fight after it was punted the first time in like December or whatever, I was like, this is it. This is the only leverage Democrats are gonna have because we're not gonna able to stop reconciliation, right? 'cause they have the votes. We're not being able to stop everything else. We're gonna have to rely on the courts and this is it. This is the big one. So obviously we have to use our leverage here. And yet the arguments that Tommy was making I, I've been thinking about, 'cause I'm like, all right, let's, let's say that Schumer says, let's go for it. Let's shut this thing down. What is the ultimate goal of a shutdown?


And then what makes us think that Trump will cave to any kind of public pressure or sort of political pressure at this point when he, we just spent quite a bit talking about how he is defying court orders, rounding up people and sending them to El Salvador and all the other shit that he's done and all the stuff that Doge has done. And I, I think that I would bet that there's a pretty good chance that Trump and Elon and Elon is excited like about the, about the shutdown, that they supercharge everything. They start firing a bunch of people. They keep a whole bunch of agencies closed where, where there is potential for political pain and some agencies they send out payments and they keep those agencies running and they keep those people on staff.


And then all the other stuff that Democrats want, they just shut down indefinitely. And legally then you have much less leverage in court because during a shutdown, the executive branch basically has all the power and can do whatever they want, which is what Donald Trump and Elon Musk really want. And so then I don't know what makes them actually open the government again. And by the way, Democrats could that point could say, all right, we're gonna cave, we'll open the government again because you know, 800,000 people are without pay right now. Probably half of them are working, which is what happened in the last shutdown. There was 400,000 working without pay and 400,000 that just weren't working and then still didn't get paid. And so Democrats try to cave and then Republicans could say, no, we actually, you, you can't decide that the government's back open, decide, government decide.


We decide when the government's back open. And now, now Donald Trump just sort of runs the government now. So I, so I think about that, and then I'm like, but to your point, Love it. Like, okay, are we in an emergency or are we not in an emergency? And if we're in an emergency, then maybe we think, okay, that's all gonna happen, what I just laid out. And that they don't want to open the government again, but we have to do something to grab people's attention and grab the country's attention and say like, this is an emergency and this person is seizing control of the government and, and destroying democracy. And then that's the only way to do it. Yeah. But we should be clear-eyed that I, I, I, I do not, I would not expect Republicans to cave very easily or maybe at all if we went into a shutdown.


But that, but see, to me, I, and I, and I wanna also say that like we live in the luxury of the timeline. When Chuck Schumer did this, right? And, and, and, and for a lot of, and, and for it is probably the easiest politics to say, Chuck Schumer was wrong. To be a a hundred percent, to be a fighting Democrat and say, Chuck Schumer sold us out. I would've gone all the way. Like, I would Love, I would love to have just been a be able to come on and just say that, and that's it, right? Like That, that, like, and I still think that's where I probably come down, but I, I don't, I just don't think it's as easy, But I don't, I, and I don't, I don't think it's as easy. But where I finally land is like all of the arguments to me against, right? Like, are basically arguments that we're already in some kind of a dictatorship, right?


That either democratic accountability is not possible, that not enough people care about having a functioning federal government on everything from Veterans Affairs to TSA, or that the law is so weak and the courts are so weak and Congress so weak that Donald Trump will be able to do whatever he wants during a shutdown, however long it lasts. Like all of these are arguments for saying, well, hold on a second. So then we just turnover. That's the only option we have if we are signaling to Republicans that they, that, that we are so afraid of the consequences of what happens during a shutdown, because we don't trust the American people to figure out who's responsible. We don't trust the American people to care enough to take their country back. That like base, we've, we've kind of given up, we've given up the game.


And by the way, even if that is what we were afraid of, even if we were completely correct in that fear, all of that, I'm not sure that's the right message that Chuck Schumer should have been saying, right? That like, just admitting that like, I'm sorry, Trump is too powerful. He's gonna do too much damage, therefore we're just gonna capitulate and roll and we're never gonna make a clear set of demands and we're not gonna make those demands our vote contingent on those demands. Yeah. So like, what I really, I mean, my honest opinion here is there's no good options by the time we got to last week. But Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries created a huge expectations management problem. Yes. Like I'm looking at a political story with a photo of the two of them. The headline Democrats are serious about a shutdown, and they also had a lack of strategy. We didn't know what we wanted.


We didn't have a core demand. We didn't have a legislative imperative or a thing we were fighting for. This is where they totally deserved the blame, I think. Yeah. Deserve the blame. And also we have a responsibility Gene. We care about government. We believe it does good things and, and helps people, which means Republicans know we will always fold. And, and if, and if not now, of, well then, you know, we're certainly not gonna vote against a dead ceiling increase. And so what I found particularly frustrating was Schumer's New York Times interview where he suggested that Republicans will eventually come around. Should we play a clip of that? Let's play a clip of that. Do Democrats have an authenticity problem? I don't think we have an authenticity problem. We have a real direction now. I feel good about it.


And when he went below 40% in the polls, the Republican legislators started working with us. We're gonna keep at it, keep at it, keep at it until he goes below 40 when it happens. I am hopeful that our Republican colleagues will resume working with us. And I talk to them, You know, I've covered a lot of countries going through Democratic backsliding, and I've seen how often opposition parties fail to recognize until it's too late that they might have been made irrelevant. And I wonder if you think that the Democratic party might be making that mistake. No, I think we're fighting very hard on every front. And initially we've had some successes, but we gotta keep at it and we gotta be open to new suggestions and ways to do it.


But I think what we're doing is working so far. I just wanna note for the producers of the interview, that music queue was fucked up. All right? It came in way too early. It was way too soft. It was weird. I pause. We wound up, I thought there was something wrong. I was in my kitchen. I thought there was like an alarm. Yeah. I almost threw my phone out of the window of an Uber as I was riding home from the airport. Yeah. I mean that, if that's our strategy is hoping Republicans come around. We are, we are donezo. And so again, like I don't know that this is a good strategy, but here's an alternative, which is basically an accelerationist approach, which is say that Doge is gonna destroy the government in the long term. So let's speed it up. Let's shut down the government. Let's do it at a time when the markets are freaking out about tariffs. Let's maximize the impact, maximize the pain.


Now that's a totally irresponsible, destructive thing to do, but maybe a 20% drop in the s and p, 30% drop in the s and p wakes people the fuck up and, and leads to a political course correction by Trump. Like I actually, I do think he cares about headlines and markets and what business people say to him. And I don't know, I think the markets were like flat today, but like, I, I think you could feel some Weakness for a minute. I think part of the challenge too is maybe the biggest that I've been thinking about is Democrats didn't know what to ask for. And we've all kind of all aligned at this. When I say we, I don't just mean the three of us, like everyone. 'cause everyone's like, well, there's a lot of things we could have asked for, but it's like, no, no, no, let's go through them, right? Because it's, we're we're saying it's not, we could ask for a clean cr right?


And Dan and I talked about this a little bit. And then you go around and say, no, no, no, we will only keep the government open if you reverse the cuts to, I guess it's community health centers and Head Start, which are popular things, but in the context of all we're talking about, right? It's like the end of democracy. Everything Trump's doing seems a little small, right? The DC cuts, there's like a billion dollars from the DC budget is horrible. That's already getting fixed. And it looks like the house is now, they're saying the house is likely to take that up. The Senate has already did a standalone vote to fix that and to restore the DC budget cuts. So once that's gone, and, and then I saw Dan say this, that there was like a, it basically Congress now can't even vote on the tariffs on Trump's tariffs, but it's like they weren't gonna do that anyway.


It's a Republican controlled Congress. They were gonna let him do whatever the fuck he wanted on tariffs. So that doesn't really make it for me. And then there was the, oh, we should ask for guardrails around Doge. And I never really got that either, because it's like Elon Musk is, and, and Doge right now is all over the place, illegally cutting government. And now you're gonna say, here's, here's another law that you can break. Right? Well, by putting some Doge handcuffs on it, right? So like, I don't know that anything, any of the specifics we're asking for would've worked unless I've come back to the accelerationist argument. Unless, or you're just saying like, no, no, no, it's not about anything. It's about the fact that since he has taken office in this second term, he has broken the law. He has taken our tax dollars and done whatever he want with them. We did not vote for this.


Half the country didn't vote for this. We're not being represented in this government. He's breaking the law. He's just trampling on our rights. He is, he's destroying like cancer research and healthcare and, and all the, and then just make it a huge fight about everything. Like that's the only thing I can think of because I do think making a shutdown about a specific issue here or there is just not really gonna work. I also think you could imagine two scenarios that are completely different than would've been better than where we're at. One scenario is Hakeem Jeffries and Chuck Schumer early on say, you know what, like weeks ago, maybe months ago, said, Elon Musk right now and Donald Trump, they want nothing more than a government shutdown and we're not gonna give it to him. So we're just gonna pass.


We're gonna keep the government funded and we're just gonna keep fighting whatever. Right? I don't think people would've, wouldn't be as head spit. Right? Or they could have joined together in the same press conference months ago and said, you know what? Watching what Elon Musk is doing right now, watching what Donald Trump's doing right now, Democrats are not gonna give one vote ever to fund a government that is doing this kind of damage to the country. And again, prepped everyone in advance. The head spinning shit was the worst. The other, so I think this too. Yes. IIII don't even think you need to go that far. Right? You say like, we will support funding the government, the whole government. That means restoring the social security offices. You make a whole list of the things, right? And the democratic goal right now isn't to prevent short-term pain. It's just not, the stakes are too high.


We're not getting to the end of this with a lot of terrible pain. Like we are not getting out of what is a fascistic right wing authoritarian government and compliant Republican Congress without a lot of pain. It's coming one way or the other. And so the goal is to preserve these institutions. Right now, one of our great challenges is waking people up to the threat. We had an opportunity to wake people up to the threat. And it says something about the politics of this moment, that a lot of republicans, even when they're trying to be at their most craven, say, we would rather a fight over reconciliation where we're powerless than a fight over the cr where we actually have power. And I, I just like, if that is what we're saying, that we would rather just kind of be yelling passengers 'cause think that's gonna put us in a better position for 2026.


I think that's pretty dangerous. Especially when there's no guarantee we're gonna get another reconciliation. There may be another cr fight down the road. We may like, we don't know what the Future holds. There's gonna be so, well that mean this is, we should talk about moving forward. So there's a couple things moving forward. There is what happens to Chuck Schumer, his position there is what happens in the next time we're here, the next funding fight, which is the end of September. And then there's the debt ceiling, which we don't know how that's gonna come because they could either try to do the debt ceiling in reconciliation, which means they wouldn't need Democrats. Or if they can't get the Freedom Caucus to agree to that, they would need Democrats for a standalone vote on the debt ceiling. Oh, I should just say, by the way, 'cause we haven't covered this, the hope that Democrats wouldn't be in this position that we were just in, because the hard line Republicans in the house wouldn't pass a cr was always a little crazy to me because we are in this scenario where people do whatever Donald Trump says and the idea, and like, yes, the hardliners have caused trouble before, but that's when Joe Biden was president.


Well, also, By the way, and by the way, okay, I, I hope that too, I hope the hard choice isn't coming right. But, but let's assume it is. I know, I assume, Let's assume it is. But, so let's start with Schumer, right? Like what do you got, do you think, do we think his position as a leader is safe? And should it be, I mean, judging by the commentary you've heard from his Senate colleagues so far, it's does seem like he's safe. I don't like to make predictions regardless. Like we're not a perfect Senate minority leader away from success. Like, I don't think he handled this well. I actually think he handled it quite badly. But there have been other situations he handled well. He got a lot of legislation passed in the past. He's done some good things. There were moments in the New York Times interview that made me cringe really hard when he was talking about inviting influencers to the State of the Union and getting reports about social media impressions that he didn't really understand, but he reads them and you're like, okay, it's good that he's outsourcing that to like Brian Sch and Chris Murphy and Cory Booker and younger members.


We need more of that. We need more, you know, and younger members out like being the lead messengers. But they did not have a strategy. And I, and I, and I think that's inexcusable for a Leader. Yeah. I also, like, I didn't realize that Chuck Schumer was about to supposedly go on a book tour, right? That this was a vote that was gonna lead into his book tour on his antisemitism book, which is now put on hold. And there's just a, it's just a little business as usual. Like I, I'm like, they are, they are unilaterally dismantling federal agencies. We are in a crisis, by the way, even if you say they fucked up by not having a message leading all the way up until 48 hours before the vote, there's a lot that could have happened in that 48 hours.


They could have taken a stand, they could have, they could have held the floor for Social security offices saying, we are, we are, we are filibustering this vote and we're gonna make you all stay here all night and all day tomorrow, because we don't think it's right that seniors can't get ahold of their Social security officials, and we don't wanna, and, and we don't wanna shut down. We don't want this, but like, this is wrong. I'll also say, I think the, the House Democrats are genuinely outraged. Yeah. At, at the Senate Democrats, they have every right to be, and I say this not to either absolve Chuck Schumer or to blame other Senate Democrats, but this was more of a group decision than it appears in a lot of the coverage. And you can tell that by the votes. And who broke, like the people who voted with Schumer were people in leadership and people who are retiring and don't have to face the anger voters and some of the, some of the members who were in the toughest states and the purple states who have to face another election like they came out in opposition to the bill, but like, they didn't really wanna shut down.


And I think it was more of a group thing. And I only say that because as people start talking about, oh, should we have another leader? I think one of the reasons that you're hearing from Senate Democrats who voted a different way than Schumer that they still respect him is because they know that in the, they all thought about this, but they all kind of decided to jump together on This one. But I, and I, but I do think that points, like they all came to a decision, let's say most of 'em came to a decision that this was the right thing to do, even though the politics were kind of shitty. But part of the reason the politics weren't, were shitty, is that nobody really made a good argument for any of this, Did not set ourselves up for success. I also think like they just, they can't, they've gotta be honest with us. Like part of this is they meet behind closed doors.


They're like, oh God, we know that the base is gonna be angry with us, but we also know that a shutdown is bad. So we gotta go out there and get on our, do our videos where we say, this is a horrible cr and then suddenly we can just, and then Chuck will take all the bullets for us, you know? And I like, I get the strategy there, but if you don't want the backlash that's happening right now, just talk to us all like we're adults and be honest with us and be transparent about what's happening. Because people could still be disappointed, but it would be a lot better than what people are feeling now, which is that they were like, they were hiding the ball the whole time. I found that when there was all these, when they were putting out these videos that were like, this is a terrible cr and we are voting no, it's like, well, okay, on Clocher, it fooled Me for a while. I, I, I had this, I was writing the script when I was going with Dan that I'm like, it looks like we're heading for a shutdown.


And then Schumer came out and I was like, oh, it was all bullshit. And, and it just feels like, like, I'm sorry, like the video is about cloture versus that is not for the gen that is for the 500,000 freaks for nobody. Yeah. Who are the people that, that like, like the five, you know, What's that is, that's for the freaks. That's when we were, When we were, when we were coming up in politics, boys, there was something called the Note, remember the note, and there was something called the, what was it called? The Gang of 500. Remember that? And the note would always Big Mark Halper fan over here. Big. I'm just, they I'm kidding. I know, I know. But they would talk about the gang of 500, that, that basically politics was this insular discussion amongst these 500 people that all made the decisions or like got the, they were the ones that mattered. And obviously now we've moved beyond that. But like I do think now there's this hyper-engaged group of 500,000 that are the people that are gonna understand what's happening, really paying close attention.


And I feel like there was, We're all a pain in the ass too. For sure. And like, it is a real bitch to govern where 500,000 people are always on your ass. Yeah. There's a lot of board members about everything. There's lot of share's. Really. I get that completely. It's tough. But like I, I would like just, I just think like, as an experiment, like to, you know, talk about it in front of us, the way you talked about it behind closed doors, I think people can fucking handle it. I, Yeah, I, look, I agree with that. I do think the challenge was probably that they were bluffing a little bit and trying to get this other track going, trying to get a one month cr extension, trying to help Patty Murray negotiate whatever. With Republicans, we just all have to assume that no Republican is gonna work with a Democrat for a very long time.


There's a long profile in Politico. People should read about John Thune, who sounds like a pretty decent guy who is just kind of caved at every step along the way to Donald Trump and changed who he is pretty fundamentally. Well, I do think now that we know the end of September is coming up for a, where we're gonna be in this position again, maybe they should figure it out now. Start, start and maybe make some, you know, decide now and talk about now what the strategy's gonna be and whether they're going to 'cause look, I'm sure Republicans right now are like, oh, they're gonna fold again. So maybe they come out right now and say, guess what? We're not voting on this Again, we're not, we're not voting to fund the government. Again, The other, the other part of this too is In the debt ceiling, I don't even wanna start on that. We Keep, we keep discovering, we're further down the, the kind of the authoritarian track every single time.


Every single time. If, if Democrats knew how bad things were right now, we would in, in September or October of last year, the election would've felt different. People would've talked about it differently then imagine where we will be in a year, right? Like the point that, that, that Times reporter made about, by the time you realize you've, you've, you've done this authoritarian slide, you realize you're irrelevant. We are headed in that direction. It's happening. It's, it's happening right in front of our eyes. And six months from now, I don't know how much power Congress is gonna have as Donald Trump is slowly dismantling the government and, and, and ignoring court orders. But I don't want us to look back and wish we had fought harder.


Now, Real quick, just just saw the tweet that Donald Trump has pulled Secret Service details from Hunter Biden and Ashley Biden. So something to know effective immediately apparently. Amazing. It even says Hunter Biden. It mentioned that Hunter Biden is currently vacationing in South Africa, so he's pulling his secret surface detail while telling the world that Hunter is abroad. It seems pretty dark, Don, Don't they pull secret service from president's kids after they're out of office? I think There's some, there's some, I think there's like a grace period. I think we're not gonna get out of this without some kind of like mass mobilization. Yeah, and I think, you know, we, I I, I saw a quick preview of Dan's conversation with Hakeem Jeffries, and he sort of talked about people protesting peacefully, of course.


But I do think, and, and, and, you know, as Democrats think about their strategy going forward, like, and need to ask people to like get involved too, right? It's not just them. Like, we, we can't, we're not gonna, we're not gonna get outta this with, even if there are great press conferences in front of buildings and just, and the best videos that go so viral, like, we're not getting outta this with that. Right? And I, and I do think if you're gonna build a move, like this is why I like the town halls. I like this idea. If you're gonna build a, a movement and a real opposition, like you need more people than just elected Democrats anyway. And, and by the way, that also I think does argue for the more accelerationist position, which is the base of your party, the people that you need to knock on doors to be forget if even knock on doors, the people that you count on, that you are kind of the people that are gonna march with you.


They're the people clamoring for more fight. They are. And they'll be the ones that'll talk to their friends and neighbors. Like they are gonna be the ones having these arguments in their homes with their colleagues, with their friends, with their family. And they're begging you to fight harder. And like, I agree, like I have this, I like, I don't even know whether it's something to hope for or worry about, but like, I do see this, we are heading towards millions of people having to be in the streets. That to me is one of the ways that this all comes to a head. And sometimes I worry about how soon that will be, and then sometimes I worry that people aren't gonna show up. And I think what is a democratic politics that slowly builds the momentum for that kind of a mass mobilization? And it is certainly not approving the cr the way that they did.


And I think that's why you gotta fight on every front. And I get that. I, we all know the polls, right? I get that like protecting Medicare and social security, the most popular things when, but you know, when the, when the government is now rounding up people and then deporting them without a hearing, I realize that immigration's not our best issue. And right now it's his best approval, right. Of any issue. It's, it's, it's immigration, but that's also because people aren't making noise about what's really happening. And they're not just, you know, deporting the worst scrims, right? You can move numbers, can move, can make a move. And we have to fight on every issue that's gonna get people organized and out into the streets. You just have to. Alright. To continue the conversation about the followup from the government shutdown, Dan sat down with Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries on Monday morning.


We're gonna get to that before we do some quick news from Crooked


Media. First two episodes from Crickets News podcast, shadow Kingdom God's Banker are out. Now this is the type of true crime drama you actually want to hear. It starts in the summer of 1982 when the Vatican's top money man was found dead. His death was ruled a suicide. But the evidence tells a different story. Journalist Nicolo Minoni is following a new lead that could finally answer the question, who killed God's Banker? Listen to the first two episodes of Shadow Kingdom God's banker right now, wherever you get your podcasts, or better yet, join our friends of the podcast community to binge all the episodes today at cricket.com/friends or on the Shadow Kingdom Apple Podcast feed


also. Love it. I hear something cool is happening in DC Yes, we are doing for once. We are coming back to the Lincoln Theater in DC on Thursday, April 24th, the weekend of White House Correspondence dinner. We're gonna have a pretty exciting show lined up more about the guests coming soon, but those tickets are gonna go on sale for friends of the pod. First starting, I think today when you're hearing this. Yeah, Tuesday, March 18th, 12:00 PM Eastern. The presales for friends of the pod. You can get that if you're a subscriber, that's where you can get the code. It'll be in the Discord, it'll be on Terminated online, and if not on Wednesday, the general sale will start. As Always, go to cricket.com/friends to join, become a friends of the pod and you could get tickets for Love It or Leave It Starting on Wednesday, cricket.com/events when we come back.


Hakeem Jeffries


Po Save of America is brought to you by Bombas. What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine is your sock drawer? Yep. You heard that right? It's time to ditch any mismatch tired pairs and refresh your collection with some fresh bombas ready to unlock your new running hobby. Bombas engineers blister fighting, sweat wicking athletic socks that will help you go from that first mile to a whole marathon. No thank you to the marathon, not the socks. Looking for a nice pair to wear to a wedding. Bombas dress socks are made for loafers heels and all your other fancy shoes because you gotta stay comfy on that dance floor. And for all your other spring cleaning chores, Bombas has the cushioned arch hugging pears that'll keep you comfy while you spruce up the house and walk the dog and do whatever else you do on a normal day. Best part of all this, for every comfy pair you purchase, Bombas donates another comfy pair to someone facing homelessness. Last time I did this ad with Lovett, he took off his shoe, held up his feet, and there were Bombas socks on it. You don't have to do that. How is the smell? I mean, I I walked right outta the studio. Bombas socks are great. I actually need some, I bought a bunch the other day. Yeah, because I, I wore the ones I have so much that think there was like little holes in them. Warm 'em to the ground. Yeah, that's the problem. Yeah. But they're so comfy like five years later and everyone in our, our family has them. We we're a big Bombas family. Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombas.com/crooked and use code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/crooked code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. bombas.com/crooked. And use code crooked.


Your old or broken phone can let you down. But at Verizon trade in any old phone from our top brands and get iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence with a new line on my plan and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. After all, you don't want your old phone to die on you when you're lost. Ah, Perfect. Or for your broken phone to glitch at the worst possible time. Hey, can I get your number Oh trade in your old phone for a brand new iPhone 16 Pro iPad and Apple Watch. Visit verizon.com today. Additional terms apply service plan required for Apple Watch and iPad.


Joining us today is House Minority leader Hakeem Jeffries, leader Jeffries, welcome to Pod Save America. Great To be with you. Okay, I wanna start, as you can imagine with the budget vote that happened this Friday, house Democrats almost unanimously voted against the bill. A handful of Senate Democrats, including Leader Schumer, voted for the bill. This was obvious, it seemed to be, at least from the press conference you got, your leadership gave afterwards to be a point of contention between the House and the Senate. I understand that you, according to some reports that you and Senator Schumer met in Brooklyn yesterday, is that report correct? And what can you tell us about the status of the relationship and the conversation you guys had? It's correct. We had an opportunity to meet yesterday. It was a very good meeting where we talked about how we move forward House Democrats and Senate Democrats working together to strongly oppose the extreme things that Donald Trump and his administration are trying to jam down the throats of the American people.


In particular, our immediate focus is going to be on pushing back aggressively against the Republican efforts to enact the largest Medicaid cut in American history. That, of course, will hurt children and families and women and people with disabilities. And certainly it will devastate older Americans in nursing homes all across America. On Tuesday, house Democrats are holding a Medicaid day of action. We'll have town halls and site visits and rallies and round tables all across America in blue states, purple states and red states to lay out our defense of the healthcare of the American people.


And contrast that with what Republicans are trying to do in taking away Medicaid and ending it as we know it in this country. I don't want to keep looking backwards and I don't wanna harp things that have happened, but I think it's somewhat in instructive for the fights to come heading into that budget fight. Did you and Senator Schumer have a plan about how this was gonna go and he changed the plan? Or was there not an agreement headed into the vote? Our view is House Democrats was that we were not gonna support any partisan Republican spending bill that visited devastating cuts on families, on veterans, and on every day Americans across the country, including older Americans who rely upon a variety of different healthcare programs that they've earned as a result of their work throughout their journey in this country.


And so once the partisan Republican spending bill was released, we as House Democrats made the decision that we were gonna strongly oppose it, went hard against it and do everything that we could to stop it in the House of Representatives because substantively it was not something that we could ever support. In addition, we came to the conclusion that one of the problems with the spending bill was that it could open the door by providing a possible blank check to Donald Trump, Elon Musk and the purveyors of the Extreme Project 2025 agenda and give them a blank check to continue to devastate the American people.


Now we were in agreement that the best alternative was a four week spending agreement that would allow for continued discussions led by the top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee in the House, Rosa Delo on our side and Patty Murray on the Senate Democratic side to try to see if we can actually arrive at a place where there was an actual permanent spending agreement that met the needs of the American people in terms of their health, their safety, our national security and and our economic wellbeing. And so the Senate Democrats met with each other, you know, based on the public timeline, of course, on Wednesday.


And the position that was articulated on Wednesday was that the votes don't exist in order to break the filibuster related to the partisan Republican spending bill that was on Wednesday and on Thursday, obviously there was a change in position amongst some, Now six months from now, this you're gonna be right back in the same situation. I assume, and you correct me if I'm wrong, that ideally you would use that period of time to get, to get to some sort of permanent spending agreement that you could agree to Senator CHUs Schumer could agree to everyone agreed to. Now the history, as you know, better than I of the House Republicans coming to a budget agreement is not great. How are you sort of thinking about the coming budget fight and how and how you're preparing for that?


Well, There's sort of what's in front of us in the immediate term, stopping the Republican budget that is designed to really accomplish two things, enact the largest Medicaid cut in American history in order to fund massive tax cuts for Republican MAGA billionaire donors and wealthy and well off and well connected corporations. I mean, it is a toxic scheme that the Republicans are trying to visit upon the American people, and we've gotta stop it and work hard against it with everything that we have. And that of course includes House Democrats, senate Democrats, governors, who states will be devastated and of course advocacy groups and concerned citizens.


Now we have the Republicans on the run, in my view, on three issues, the economy, healthcare, and taxes. And we have to continue over the next several weeks and next several months, press our advantage. In those three areas. Donald Trump and Republicans last year promised to lower the high cost of living and create an affordable economy. We as Democrats believe that the cost of living for far too many Americans is too high. And there are too many people who are struggling to live paycheck to paycheck in this country of every race, in every region.


And that's unacceptable in the wealthiest country in the history of the world. Now, instead of costs going down under Donald Trump and complete control of government that the Republicans now have, it's going up, inflation is going up, what's going down is the stock market. What's going down is consumer confidence. What's going down are the retirement savings accounts of everyday Americans. And it's all because despite these promises made by Donald Trump and Republicans to focus on the cost of living, they're doing the exact opposite. Not a single bill has been introduced with respect to lowering costs, not a single administrative action and not a single executive order issued by Donald Trump.


Instead they're focused on this budget scheme, the GOP tax scam, to enact massive tax cuts for their billionaire donors. We have to press our advantage on that issue, the economy, which also relates to their efforts to cut healthcare, which also relates to their efforts to pass these massive tax cuts, all of which are unpopular with the American people. And in the context of the end of the fiscal year, which as you pointed out, will approach on September 30th. I think we just have to be very clear from the outset, we are not going to support a partisan Republican spending bill, period, full stop.


So ultimately, because the House Republican, because of the process, the state of the power in Congress and the process the Republicans are gonna use, Democrats don't have the votes. And so to stop the, you know, the tax scam, whatever you wanna call it, the effort to cut Medicaid to pay for these tax cuts, I take it that your, your plan here is just to raise public awareness to the point that it becomes politically toxic for the Republicans. Well, I think that, that, that is an important objective, but substantively we can't give up the fight as it relates to trying to stop this budget from ever becoming law. And if we take a step back, when Donald Trump took office in 2017, he had lost the popular vote, but there were 241 Republicans in the House of Representatives and only 194 Democrats this time around, he won the popular vote.


But at the moment, there are 218 Republicans, and when we're at full strength, there will be 215 Democrats. Now, in the prior term, their chief objective was to repeal the Affordable Care Act. And as you recall, the Affordable Care Act wasn't even popular at the time. They had a 241 vote majority. And because of public sentiment initially in the house, and then finally with John McCain joining Democrats in the Senate, we were able to stop them from repealing the Affordable Care Act. Now things are a bit different in this particular instance, they are much more cult-like in their behavior this time around, but their margins are also much narrower.


This is the smallest majority that any party has had since the Great Depression. And because we are on the right side of these issues, the economy, healthcare taxes, and making sure that the wealthy, the well off and the well connected pay their fair share, that's our position. Pay your fair share. They don't need a tax cut. Elon Musk doesn't need a tax cut. I think we have to substantively try to make our case to the American people and do everything we can to stop them. But as you point out, to the extent that they ram the budget through the Congress, either in the house of the Senate signed into law, just like the GOP tax scam that they passed in 2017 was unpopular and helped to cost them the majority, the same thing could happen this time around.


Yeah, I I completely couldn't agree more. I sort of meant in the view that if you can make it unpopular, you can make it so that enough of the Republicans who maybe in these purple districts or the handful of them are in the districts that Kamala Harris won, would not vote for it. Exactly. Right. Because given the margins are so narrow, so it's sort of both at the same time. Right. You're tr one of the ways in which you're trying to stop it is to raise awareness so people understand the political consequences of voting for it. I want to shift gears here for a second. Over the weekend, the Trump administration appears to have defied at least one in maybe two court orders involving their mass deportation efforts. This has sort of been the nightmare scenario that, you know, where the Trump administration, so it's just telling courts, we don't care what you have to say telling Judge, we don't care what you have to say.


This is what, what sort of, when we talk about what a constitutional crisis could look like under this president, it would be something like this. What's your reaction to what's happening and, and how dire do you think the situation is right now? I think for raising this issue, it's been one of the conversations that we've had both internally in the context of our rapid response and litigation working group that we stood up a few weeks ago led by Congressman Joe Naus, assistant democratic leader, and co-chaired by Jamie Raskin, our brilliant lawyer, brilliant constitutional scholar. And we've charged them with coming up with a forceful response to the possibility that the Trump administration would skirt and or outwardly defy court orders.


And to make sure that we are in close coordination with a lot of the democracy reform groups that have been litigating these cases to make sure that there is both a judicial strategy that's important, but also a public strategy. And as we've seen in other democracies across the country, when across the world, I should say, when you actually start to see defiance of court orders, then the public uproar has to be intense, immediate, and impactful in terms of the, the, the forcefulness by which the disagreement is communicated around the constitutional issues.


That's nonviolent of course, but it also requires a, a, a significant presence to make it clear that this is unacceptable, that we are a nation anchored in the rule of law, and we expect that the president and we expect that his administration will comply with the law at all times, particularly when there are court orders court. And to the extent that that does not occur, that that the public outcry has to reflect the manner of the constitutional crisis that such defiance would provoke.


You guys were kind enough to invite me to your house retreat in Virginia last week, both in the program you guys put together, the, the folks you invited, the conversations I had with your members. It seems like you guys were really trying, and I've been to a bunch of these over the years, but it seems like you were really trying to legitimately wrestle with some of the lessons of 2024, how politics have changed, how media's changed. Can you just tell me a little bit what that process is like and what you guys, what you guys have learned so thus far? Yeah, you know, it was a really strong few days together where we were able to look back and look forward at the same time. I think it's important for us to look back so that we can draw lessons from what happened in November of 2024.


Figure out why some of those things happened and how do we put Democrats in the best possible position moving forward. We have an all important midterm election next year laying the foundation to end this national nightmare that Donald Trump is visiting upon the American people and bring the American dream to life for everyone. So, you know, there's the substance of it. Okay, why were we unable to connect with certain Americans on issues? Largely, I think around the economy and the high cost of living and the view amongst many working class Americans throughout the country that Donald Trump was better positioned on the economy to turn things around than Democrat.


We can never allow that to happen again, when at the end of the day, really authentic to us as Democrats. We wanna make life better for everyone across the country. That's who we are. And the fact that there was a disconnect in that regard is deeply troubling. And we've gotta figure out how we regain the narrative on the economy and on driving down the high cost of living and other issues like of course securing the border while, you know, defending dreamers and farm workers and keeping law abiding immigrant families together. And of course making sure that the American people are clear that we want to keep them safe.


I grew up, you know, in central Brooklyn in late eighties, early nineties, things were dangerous. I understand that the American people want safety in every community. And you know, Democrats need to make it clear that we are strong in those areas. It's Donald Trump and the Republicans who have become the party of lawlessness and disorder, particularly as it relates to pardoning violent felons who brutally beat police officers and then unleashing these people all across the country to make communities less safe. So we, we have to, we have to make clear that we are connected with the American people on these core issues.


And then of course, make sure that we are communicating through new media platforms like this. Pod Save America, all of you to Network, do a tremendous job. And one of the clear lessons for us is that you have legacy media and that will still have a role to play. But so many everyday Americans actually get their news through the new forms of media. And whether that's social media or podcasts, YouTube shows, messaging apps, chat groups, we have to be present in those spaces authentically communicating with the American people.


And we have launched a massive effort to do just that. Leader Jefferies, thank you so much for joining us and good luck out there. Hope to talk to you again soon. Much Thanks Hakeem Jeffries for joining us today. Everyone have a great day. And we will be back in your feed with a new episode on Friday And tell us what you thought of the new studio setup. Hmm. Look at this. We moved some things around. Quite a housekeeping riddle there. My God. Yeah. It'll be embedded within the Secret show on this kirk.com/friends. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heathcote, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Tolls.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America. East


March is National Kidney Month 37 million. Americans have chronic kidney disease, also known as CKD and most don't know it. High blood pressure and diabetes increase the risk for CKD. Symptoms of kidney disease may include fatigue, shortness of breath, lower back pain, high blood pressure, or changes in urination. If you wanna protect your kidneys or learn how to get tested, Fresenius Kidney Care can help. Learn more@kidneyrisk.com. That's kidney risk.com.


Comcast business helps retailers become seamlessly restocking, frictionless, paying favorite shopping destinations. It's how nationwide restaurants become touch screen ordering, quick serving eateries, and how hospitals become the patient. Scanning data managing healthcare facilities that we all depend on. With leading networking and connectivity. Advanced cybersecurity and expert partnership, Comcast business is powering the engine of modern business powering possibilities. Restrictions apply.