
Are you suffering from a sports injury, chronic pain, or something that just plain hurts? Ortho Virginia can get you on the road to recovery. As the state's largest provider of orthopedic care, our team of specialists offers some of the latest treatments, including surgical and non-surgical care. And with 35 locations across Virginia, you're always close to expert orthopedic care. So visit ortho virginia.com today and discover why stronger starts here.


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply safe Home Security simply saves advanced security system, actively monitors your home and alerts authorities in case of any suspicious activity so you can sleep better in your home no matter what. I set up a SimpliSafe. Incredibly easy to do, works outta the box, very reliable. I really appreciated the customer support. It just was a really great system. SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they break into your home. Old school systems only take action once somebody is already inside your home. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard. outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it happens. Agents can respond to someone outside in real time, talk to them directly, set off your spotlights, and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. Plus, there's no long-term contracts, no cancellation fees, and it's around $1 per day. For all of this protection, SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. This week only you can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to Simply safe dot com slash crooked. That's Simply safe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm John Fre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. We are coming to you with a special episode with just one day left before the results start coming in. The final polls have arrived, including an atomic bomb from Ann Seltzer. And this race is either headed towards the closest finish we've seen in our lifetimes, or a landslide or a million different outcomes in between. None of which should really surprise us because of the last decade in politics. We're gonna get into all that a bit later on. But first, the three of us, Dan Votes save America's own. Nina Harris, were out canvassing in Arizona and Nevada over the weekend. You guys wanna talk about what stuck with you out of all of our door knocks and canvas kickoffs?


Absolutely. I mean, the best part is meeting all the folks who were there from Vote, Save, America. There were people who, who lived in, you know, Nevada or Arizona and just came over to do a shift. There were people that traveled from outta state. I talked to a guy who had come to a Pod Save America live show in Las Vegas in 2018 with his daughter who was in high school at the time. She asked a question later, got so interested in politics that she worked for intern for Jackie Rosen now is getting advanced degree out here in California. And those are just, you know, like the best part of doing the show is meeting people like that who are, you know, taking action and getting off the polar coaster that last weekend and knock some doors. Yeah, so first of all, one thing that was two hopeful signs, one is we were knocking on, we'd have to walk a bunch of doors before getting to the next door that we would knock in part because we've hit a lot of these doors and a lot of these people have either said, please do not knock on my door again.


I already voted or I'm planning to vote. But we were onto these last few doors and there's one person that answered the door wall. I was wa I was knocking doors with Nina and she was like, no, I'm, I'm gonna vote sometime next week. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You have to vote on Tuesday. Now. She didn't know how to vote. She didn't know where to vote. We got her that information. And there were other people, I know you guys knocked on a door of somebody who was truly undecided. Yeah, she was 73-year-old Asian American woman in East Las Vegas. And we knocked on her door and there was a very large barking dog. And so that she was, lot of those that she, that was barking while she was trying to talk to us.


and it was sort of broke, you know, we're trying to understand her. And she basically was like, she's like, president Trump, Trump. And we're like, no, no, Trump. And she's like, and we held up our lit and it said Kamala Harris, you know, and we're like, Kamala Harris. He goes, did she let in all of the, all of the migrants that the, and we're like, we're like, no, no. Like, Yes, but it's good. No. And we were like, look, if she becomes president, here's what she's gonna do on the border. And she's already done this and this. It's gonna close. And people who are here and working have a path that citizen citizenship and also, and then Tommy's in the background, Tommy's goes, and she's gonna lower your taxes, lower your taxes, tax costs. And then Nina and I are like, and your prescription drugs and also your healthcare, stuff like that. And she starts licking at all.


And she goes, yeah, okay. I'm voting Kamala. That could be it. And then Nina's like, really? She's like, I promise, I promise Kamala. And we're like, yeah, Shout, shout out to Nina, who is absolutely fearless about talking to everyone like the Trump IST person. We walked by the dude next to her on the plane that she then had to sit next to for an hour when he turned out to be a Trump fan. Every waitress we had, we got one, we got two waitresses. We lost the hostess. That's right. We lost the, yeah, we lost the hostess. We got the waiter, which is tough. I didn't get any of my dealers, I will say in, in perhaps steal Blackjack. Not, not drugs. Don't look at me like that. Both, Both. I'll say the people, even the people who were voting for Harris, especially in Vegas, we're like really enthusiastic.


They were, they were like, yes, of course kalo there, there's a lot of, of course, of course. We kept saying that the vibes felt better in, in Vegas than they did in Phoenix. Part of that though, when we talked to a lot of the folks who have been on the ground in Arizona, I don't know if it's necessarily a, like the vibes aren't as good 'cause we're losing as it is. It's really tense. Yeah. In Arizona, like the, like people are afraid to put Kamala Harris signs up and there's a lot more Trump signs this time and there's like people talking about, you know, threats and harassment and stuff. and it was very, it, it really gives you a window into like what it's like being on the ground in a highly contested swing state. Yeah. We, the other, the other point to note is that like, we didn't see any Trump or Republican canvasers out on any, we were in like, look, we have, we have knocked on doors in college towns.


We have knocked on doors in Madison, Wisconsin, and that's a breeze. Yeah. That's when you get people who aren't on your list and they're walking their dogs and they're like, oh, friend of the pod. Yeah, That's, yeah, you open, you open the door. It's a, it's a, a call congress sweatshirt. Like, I think we got this person in the back, a Stop project 2025 button. But these were The really, these were the really closely divided and like last kind of persuadable areas. And so you do feel that tension. How about the guy in Henderson? We were in a suburb of Vegas Henderson, and it was like a pretty divided neighborhood, Trump and Harris. And one guy opens the door and we were actually like looking for his wife. And he's like, she's voted and we're sort of nervous. We're like, what about you? Are you voting for Harris? He's like, yeah.


And they're like, what about your neighborhood? He's like, ah, it's a tough neighborhood. He is like, half of us are voting for Kamala and the other half are treasonous assholes. We're like, okay, we got 'em, we got 'em. Joe Biden's message worked on it. The, yeah, the, that was the other thing too. It's like there were so many people turning out to knock on doors. We, like, in all these places, there was like more people than we expected to see. And you go look on some of these Republican candidates and they're, they're putting up their pictures of, of their campus kicks off and they don't have they don't have the bodies. Yeah, they don't have the people. I Will say, just in case you're thinking like, oh, well door knocking is about like reminding voters, or there's some people who still aren't super tuned in. Remember the guy who is like a, like late twenties, he's washing his car in Henderson.


We go by, we start talking to him, he's got his headphones on. We're like, who are you gonna vote? Who are you gonna vote for? And he's like, probably Kamala. Yeah. Love. It's like, probably what, what else can I say to you? What else can I say? Do you wanna talk about politics here on a Sunday morning? He's like, please Go away. And, and I also just like found myself too, like there, there was somebody that answered the door and he, he, he was not on the list, but I think his two members of his family were on the list and he was like, I don't vote and I'm not registered to vote. and it was already passed the deadlines we're like, oh, we'll get you next time. And, and I just found you realize like at the end here, like you just want to go to something so simple. I was like, comms for lowering costs trump's for a national sales tax. Tell your family, tell your friends, tell everybody. Yeah. Y You also realize just how divorced the kind of cable news Twitter conversation about politics is.


And we're in a very working class neighborhood and I guarantee you those people are not up to speed on the, whether Liz Cheney should be out on the trail or how many interviews Kamala Harris had done or call her daddy versus Joe Rogan. Like it was The squirrel assassination. We were so busy. I kind of have missed that. Me too. I don't wanna, anyway. But yeah, it was like a lot of people living in some tough, you know, economic circumstances and a reminder of who we as Democrats are supposed to be helping. We want the government to help and, you know, some motivation. And then on the flip side, all of you, all the volunteers are so consuming all of the information. We got off the, we got off the plane last night. Tommy and I are walking to the car and this's like, I mean, I didn't even know who the hell an seltzer Was.


Should've been telling all my friends about an seltzer Now. Telling all my friends about the seltzer poll. Hopefully A lot of you guys were out there on the doors too, making calls to your friends in the battlegrounds. You know, who else was making calls to his friends? Who? This guy? Hello? Aaron. Tim here. What's up man? How are you? Hey, I'm good. Anything going? What's up? Yeah, not much going on right now. Just two days to the election, so, hey. Yeah, nothing bad. Hey, I'm calling. We got a, we got an operation going. We're getting folks that are pushing to get, make sure their friends have voted and got somebody else to vote. You guys done already voting? Yes, we have. All right. You bet. You take anybody else to poll. Well, I made sure we, we voted. That's good work right there, man.


We're gonna win this thing, Aaron. And I'm grateful for your, grateful for that support. If you get anybody else to the polls, I know you got all the kids to vote and everything, but call somebody else. Get 'em. We're, we're making a chain of this stuff. Pod, Save, America listeners. Hey, I just made my call to friends, to my three friends. Get out there, make the difference on this thing. We got two days, let's win this thing. All right, Tim Wallace, come on, Tim, You know what guys? If Tim Walls, Tim Walls can do it, Who is doing a million rallies a day, can find the time to call his friends. You can find the time today and tomorrow morning whenever, right up until poll's closed to call your friends in swing states and get them to vote. Three friends. Also, according to our folks over at Vote, Save America, the Votes of America volunteers have made nearly 12 million voter contact attempts, including 215,000 door knocks and nearly 5 million calls made so people have been putting in the work.


So thank you everyone. So proud of you guys that did that. You should be proud of yourselves too. All right, let's talk about the candidates final weekend. Kamala Harris clearly believes every swing state is still in play because she was everywhere from Georgia and North Carolina to Michigan over the weekend. Today alone, the campaign has a series of rallies and concerts in Atlanta, Detroit, Las Vegas, Milwaukee, Phoenix, Raleigh, Pittsburgh, and one final event in Philadelphia that will feature Lady Gaga, the roots Oprah, Ricky Martin and Fat Joe. Which is always how you end a campaign. What a Coalition. What a coalition. Joe, get Liz Cheney up there. Joe looks maybe George W. Bush is a surprise guest. George W. Bush and Taylor Swift. Walk out Joe. Looks like he lost a few, you know. No, he's Looking like healthy Joe.


I haven't seen him. I just wanna give him some Credit. The Big celeb cameo this weekend came from Kamala herself, body best tv. Joe, I thought of it too late. The big celeb cameo came this weekend from Kamala herself who made a surprise appearance on Saturday Night Live. Let's listen. It is nice to see you, Kamala. It is nice to see you Kamala. And I'm just here to remind you, you got this because you can do something your opponent cannot do. You can open doors. I see what you did there, like a garbage truck, right? Kamala, take my Pamela, the American people wanna stop the chaos and end the drama with a cool new stepmom, kick back in our pajamas and watch a rum Kamala, like legally blond la.


'cause what do we always say? Keep Kamala and carry on. Aah. What you guys think about SNL. It's really funny. It was good, it was well done. I mean, I'm really gonna miss Dana Carvey as Joe Biden. That is just hilarious Every time. I didn't get to watch the entire skit until last night we got home the once again, he just nailed. It's also Joe, it's also pretty intense that he's, that they did that Joe Biden bit in front of Kamala Harris, who's sitting there in that chair, which is I know. Which I, which was great. Yeah, it was good. I mean, like, I appreciated that it was like pretty odd message, You know, very on message. It was, I know that Trump wants to shut down NBC and, and put Lorne Michaels in prison for some sort of law breaking related to this, but it was, it was a pretty good inkind contribution.


I'll take it. Well, You see, they, they, they gave Trump, They gave him nascar, they gave Trump the same amount of time during a NASCAR event, a NASCAR race yesterday. Yeah. It was definitely a, a high information skit. You had to know about Trump's stupid garbage truck driving right press conference stunt, which by the way, Politico found some voters, some Puerto Rican voters in Pennsylvania who saw that and actually thought it was a continuation of the Kill Tony joke that kicked this whole off calling Puerto Rico an island of garbage. So brilliant plan there. I, Yeah, I think it's, it, the, the SNLs are not not changing any minds, but I do think it projects like confidence and optimism like in the final weekend and like she can hang and I got a, a text from a friend who he was always gonna vote for Kamala But.


there was a, you know, like a month ago, I was really trying to convince him that like, she's, she's good, she's a great candidate, she's gonna win. And he was like really down on it and he texted me after that and he was like, oh, she's gonna win now. She's gonna win. That was amazing. I'm like, okay, well let's not not go too crazy, but take it. But I think it did give some people who were probably already on her side like, all right, let's do This. Yeah, I mean, look, the, the message that like, can we, we wanna move on from this kind of politics and we, we wanna just go back to watching romcoms and not thinking about it so much. I think it appeals to, it appeals to a certain certain SNL watching person who Will be disappointed even if we win. Right, right, Right. But I thought, I thought it was good. I saw, You know, I think SNL is primarily consumed on YouTube these days and 9.3 million people had watched the opening skit, so it's pretty good.


Yeah, Harris pretty much stuck to the closing argument she delivered in DC over the weekend. The campaign also released two final two minute ads, one that shows Harris talking to people. She's met on the campaign trail promising to be a president for all Americans touting her economic plans. They also have like big giant block letters on the screen, take on price gouging, bring down the cost of groceries, bring down the cost of prescriptions. If that was the, the prose version of the final ad. There was a more poetry version that just came out right before we recorded that's sort of more sweeping. It's got the movie narrator voice, it's doing freedom hits Trump and Elon Musk ties them to ties Trump to billionaires and politicians doing the same old shit.


I like, I like that one too. Any thoughts on her overall final pitch in these last days? Either with the ads or on the stump? My my honestly, my overall reaction is that it's like there's nothing particularly new in the video and it's a testament to how just exquisitely on message this campaign has been from the moment she became the candidate until these final days. They are trying to hammer these key points that they think will bring along the last few undecided on things like costs, on common sense solutions. Something that she said in her speech. And that is in both of these ads, clearly must be something that tests very well amongst a narrow sliver of voters they're trying to get to. And I like the ad I look I'm a sucker for to this morning, we rise kind of an ad.


It works on me every time. That's that'll, that'll never change for me. But overall, it is just a reminder that like we're gonna talk about what we know, like what we've learned over the course of this campaign and we have learned a lot. But I do think one thing we are going to find out on Wednesday is about the value of an incredibly effective campaign and a campaign that is on message trying to reach people and yeah, I will say at her rally on Sunday night, she didn't mention Trump's name once, right? It was the first time. And in the first ad doesn't really mention Trump, Trump's barely mentioned in that second ad, the freedom ad. And I think that as I've been like listening to her message the ads at the end of the week, Tommy and I had this, you know, like friendly debate on the last pod about the fascism and the economic stuff.


The truth is they did it all, you know, at the end of the day they realized that you kind of, you have to, you have to raise the stakes of the election. You have to remind people what they don't like about Trump. You have to introduce her. You have to make sure that she's defined in a way that she's acceptable to people. And then you also have to talk about her plans for those, you know, like I just, I think they did it all. They definitely did it all. I mean, I think the question, the challenge in politics is measuring inputs versus outputs. And you can obviously put all of that in the speech. The question is what gets to people? and it is kind of funny that there's two final two minute ads. Like usually you have one 'cause you're making some choices. She's Campaign that has a billion dollars, right? It's, there's got so much money. But I think they're great. Like, I like the, I love the clips of her talking with voters where she seems like a human being connected with 'em.


I like the policy stuff at the top. I hate the narrator voice stuff, but whatever. That's fine. Not us. Difference opinion. Who knows what, like what voter is gonna see this ad that hasn't already seen a trillion ads. We don't know. But I, I did like usually these campaigns close on a positive message. At least Democrats close, positive close optimistically. I noticed too that they proactively released to press that they had not mentioned Donald Trump in that event. I don't know if that's undercut by then releasing an ad that very much does mention him and as a clipse of Elon Musk looking like a goober, I'm guessing no one gives a shit. But I, I like her like, you know, telling us that there is a different brand of politics that we can achieve on Tuesday.


I also think the decision to do everything everywhere all at once is very reflective of the information environment we're in now. And how there's just like huge segments of voters that they need to reach that aren't getting their news from the same place, that aren't watching the same media. And so it's like, all right, little, little cost for this group of voters, little freedom and abortion for this group of vote, right? Like they kind of have to do it all. And for us it seems, because we are junkies who pay attention to this all the time, it seems like it's all over the place. But if you're one of these voters we talked to over the weekend and you just happen to turn on the TV or look on YouTube or wherever you get your news from, hopefully you see the right, the right message.


The, yeah, you feel the, like you feel the, like you just, you just feel this ad just like a, a pen and inch above the paper and they're just like trying to fucking drag the pen just down, get the fucking thing. I'm like, just get on the fucking thing. I don't quite know what what That Like, it's a metaphor. I Thing it's just like that, that this is a, this feels to me like ads aimed at people who are either truly, Yeah, they're trying to get 'em to vote, But like the people that are leaning towards Kamala that are open to Donald Trump and they're just trying to get people to just like that last little gap of like, am I really gonna vote for this person? It's what you were just saying about on the doors, like the best thing about talking to undecided voters is you don't have much time and you really do have to boil it down to just like, what's your, what, what's the thing you're gonna say to them if you have five seconds?


Yeah. Yeah. Right. And on the Republican side, it Is like They're closing on a dead squirrel somewhere For some reason. I mean, look, and I I will say they're at what we're about to talk about Donald Trump, their ads are closing on the message. Yeah, probably the right message. You know, at least if you're the Republicans and wanna win,


Ponte of America is brought to you by Helix. Everyone is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. I love our helix mattress. It is so, so comfortable. We have in our guest bedroom and my mom was recently here and she said she slept incredibly well. Hannah's parents have said the same thing when they visited. Everybody loves it. I Dunno, I sleep on a helix mattress every night. It's just a great mattress. It's super comfortable. I'm the guest shows Up to your house easily. I don't know what's not to love about Helix. I got the Don Luxe. It's plush, but it's firm, you know, it's nice, nice soft but strong like a, like a leader should be. I was gonna say Like a lover. This month you can get 25% off site wide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. And on top of that you can get a free bedding bundle, which includes two dream pillows, a sheet set and mattress protector. With any luxe or elite mattress order, visit helix sleep.com/crooked. That's helix sleep.com/crooked.


Support For Pod Save America comes from the International Rescue Committee. The IRC works in more than 40 countries, serving people whose lives have been upended by war conflict and natural disasters. In places like Gaza, Ukraine, and Sudan, displaced families are experiencing war, extreme hunger and life-threatening injuries. The humanitarian suffering in Gaza is catastrophic. The ongoing violence bombardment and blockade have caused more than 2 million Palestinians, half of them children to be without clean water, food, and critical medical care. Nearly 1.9 million Palestinians, about 80% of the population are estimated to be internally displaced. Some have been displaced multiple times. The lack of safe water medicine and healthy food contributes to the spread of diseases and children are especially at risk. In Gaza, the International Rescue Committee is directly delivering water, sanitation and hygiene services and has launched direct nutrition and child and women's protection programming. The IRC works around the clock to help families in crisis by delivering critical supplies such as therapeutic food from malnourished children, clean water, cash assistance and more. Your donation will support this work and help children and families survive. Donate today by visiting rescue.org/rebuild.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. Can you name every single subscription you have? Probably not. Nope. Did you know that over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about with Rocket Money? You don't have to remember every subscription or worry about forgetting any because you can see them all laid out in the same place. Like for example, people might have seen that a billionaire squashed an endorsement and decided that in the last eight days before an election and the most important way they could contribute would be to cancel their subscription to a journalistic institution that would punish the reporters that had nothing to do with that decision. Not me, not me. But, there are subscriptions you maybe should cancel. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that lets you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all of your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20%, they automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with the customer service. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. We're fans of Rocket Money here. Love it. Used it myself and it works. So stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/crooked. That's rocket money.com/crooked rocket money.com/crooked.


Trump on the other hand, he's taken a different approach to his final days on the trail where he has openly fantasized about people shooting. Liz Cheney and journalists said he regrets ever leaving the White House after his failed coup promised to put an anti-vax conspiracy theorist in charge of public health mused that it should be illegal to release polls that show he's losing. Call Democrats demonic and deep throated a microphone. Let's listen To get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news and I don't mind that so much because I don't mind. This is a group of people, a large group of people larger than people think, but it's a very demonic party.


We had the safest border in the history of our country. The day that I left, I shouldn't have left. I mean, honestly, isn't this better than my speech? I love being off these stupid teleprompters because the truth comes out. Isn't this better than my speech? Sounded like if I, if I didn't know that he would, he didn't drink. I would think he was a little, He hates his prepared remarks. So Politico's headline about Trump's final weekend is Trump returns to his grievances for his closing argument. The Washington Post went with GOP's closing election message on health baffle strategists, war's experts, and the New York Times story out of the Pennsylvania event called Trump quote, sluggish and aggrieved.


That was in the headline. And the piece pointed out that Susie Wiles, who's running the Trump campaign, appeared to be giving Trump the rapid up sign at some point. I love, love that during the remarks. I bet. What do you guys think is going on with Trump in these final days? And would anyone like to argue that any of it is Strategic? No chance. I mean, I walked by the TV this morning and I heard him repeatedly mention Al Sharpton and I was like, what? What happened here? Did Al Sharpton endorse Donald Trump? No. He was telling a long, whiny story about Van Jones being mean to him. And I believe 2017, that's where we're at. It's just like a grievance fest. And I think we are not, we don't know if he's gonna win or lose, but there's just no question if he loses that part of it is because of this last, since, what is it, October 27th was the Madison Square Garden Hate Fest, which was so terrible that even Megan Kelly like a, died in the wool MAGA person now was complaining about it then he is talking about shooting reporters.


I mean, the Bulwark just had a piece out where Trump came off stage after the event where he suggested that reporters might get shot and he knew he had screwed up. He knows that re-litigating 2020 is bad. So he seems just like an exhausted old man who is, you know, at the end of a process that would be brutal for someone half his age. And I think he also takes cues from the audience and he wants to entertain them and he doesn't think his speech is entertaining. You know, he starts with, are you better off than you were four years ago? And then he is bored of that and by the end he's doing the weave for 96 minutes and we're talking about, you know, squirrels or something. Yeah, I mean he, like, he jokes about worth theory about the amount of like a kind of a performative laughter from the crowd when he jokes about reporters getting murdered.


You know, we went through a news cycle of, actually there's an explanation for his weird violent fantasy about murdering Liz Cheney. Right, right. The chicken hawk. Yeah, the, the SNL Isn't trying to call the journalist Chicken hawks too. Yeah, Yeah. The SNL part that people aren't talking about this part where with the Trump impression, oh, and actually really kind of capture something about Trump in the home stretch here, which he is like, I don't wanna keep doing this. I don't wanna be up here anymore. There is a like Trump, I don't wanna be with you. People do Donald Trump still wishes he were running against Joe Biden. He, I I I, you can see in how he is right now that he's like fundamentally like pissed off because if Joe Biden were the candidate, he thinks he'd be walking away with this thing and now he's fighting it to a draw. I'm sure he's seeing the actual internal polling from the Trump campaign showing how fucking close it is.


It's infuriating to him. And there's like just, he's angry. He's angry and he's tired and when he is tired he can't help from but be himself and it's kinda Productive. I've heard some people surmise that maybe all this RFK junior shit that's going on where he's like letting RFK Jr out saying he is gonna run public health and Trump's saying, I'm gonna put him in charge of women's health and Trump's appearing with him in Michigan and all this kinda stuff has to do with like, maybe they're trying to like get some RFK junior curious voters on board with Trump, especially places where RFK Junior couldn't take himself off the ballot. Like Michigan, like Wisconsin, like maybe. But I also think Occam's Razor here is just like Trump says whatever the fuck comes out of his, what's on his mind.


Yeah. And I don't know that RFK is the most loyal guy. I mean he is always been kind of a narcissist in it for himself. But yes, you know, Trump's out there getting questions about whether he would ban vaccines, not get rid of vaccine mandates, ban vaccines, and, and you know, we're not just talking about like mRNA vaccines or Covid, you know, RFK Junior is someone who questions the polio vaccine measles, I mean things that, you know, put humanity in a much better situation. And by the way, Let's get rid of Trump left it open when asked, left it open, left it open. Yeah. I mean, and again, as you're making arguments to people in the last minute, RFK Junior says he, he decided to tweet. Like when Trump takes office in January, the first thing we'll do is remove fluoride from drinking water.


It's like what? Like something that has helped people's dental health for decades now. Yeah, like I, like I, that's what America's gonna go for the polls. They want more cavities. Let, let's time for America's children to have more cavities. That's what everybody's out for right now. I do like, I I think two things can be true, right? I think he's hearing like, hey, there's some, the, the low information RFK people still may be voting for RFK. Let's try to get something in front of those people. Counting on the fact that in the last 72 or 48 hours of the election, the fact that Donald Trump is suddenly promising to end all vaccine mandates and maybe take vaccines off the shelves is not gonna reach the other kinds of people for whom that might be persuasive or at least a another final proof point for how Donald Trump is unstable and dangerous.


Tim Alberta in the Atlantic has a long piece about sort of the Trump campaign towards the end. And you know, he makes a good point that based on all the people he talked to close to Trump, Trump just doesn't like calm and normal And disciplined. Yeah. He doesn't trust it and he gets bored, like Tommy was saying with his speech. He also just gets bored with everything seeming normal and going well for him. He loves the chaos. He, he, he wants to trust his gut and say whatever the hell he wants. And all, all exact, all the kind of qualities you want in a president. Just a classic. Look, look, the man needs therapy. You recreate the patterns you had in your childhood. It makes you feel safe. You don't trust when things are going well. Trump. We've been there, we've all been there. Gotta work through that.


I Can't believe that Tim Alberta piece came out this weekend. Yeah, I was on our on our flight Saturday. We've been on our flight to Arizona. Yeah. But I do look, I think he has closed horribly again. He might win, right? Because maybe a lot of the vote is already, a lot of the vote is already baked in and a lot of people have already decided. And so maybe that's enough for Trump to win. I just, it it is not, it was not surprising to hear David Pluff and General O'Malley, Dillon and folks on the Biden campaign saying that they're in the last week they won undecided voters by double digits because I don't think Trump has done anything to convince people in this last week who weren't already inclined to vote for him. Detroit free press front page, split screen, it says VP Harris Voices Optimism for America in message to Michigan.


And then on the other side it says Trump campaigns and swing states says he shouldn't have left White House. Like that's the front page that Michigan voters are waking up to. That's bad, you know, bad news. All right, so this weekend we also got the final dump of polls in this race. The last round of time Sienna swing state polls came out on Sunday morning. It was kind of a surprising mix. They have Harris up three points in Nevada, two points in North Carolina, two points in Wisconsin, one point in Georgia tied in Pennsylvania and Michigan and down for in Arizona. Nate Cohen wrote in his analysis that there's some evidence of late deciders breaking for Harris. He has it at 16 points 58 to 42. The gap is much wider in the Sunbelt states and then Trump leads by about the same margin among late deciders in the blue wall, which is Interesting.


That was the Yeah we Do you wanna stop and talk about that? No, you wanna keep going? Just Keep going. All in all it suggests that there's more movement in the Sunbelt and it's going towards Harris, but basically everything tied everywhere, at least according to the times, their average now is one point or less in every battleground except Arizona. Wanna stop and just talk about these polls? Yeah, let's do this first. Okay. 'cause that, 'cause o overall it's just another poll set of polls showing it's really, really close and the fact that voters in the Sunbelts are breaking towards Harris comports with what David PPL was saying. There is this one strange number out of these polls, which is that in the, the northern swing states, Trump led 60 to 40 among late deciders, which is an opposite of the three Sunbelt states and from what we've heard from the Harris campaign.


So it was just, it was just strange and it's just one of those like, well that data point makes a narrative really hard to form and that's all. Yeah. So that, you know, it's all, it's all tied up. I do think one explanation for her doing better in the Sunbelt and then slightly worse in the Northern Battlegrounds is it's just the electorate is starting to return to form a normal, yeah. To the 2020 electorate a little bit. And you know, you saw this, some u gov did had done a a, a series of polls of black voters and Trump's share of the black vote has basically stayed the same over the last several months. But Harris' has grown in the la in their final wave of polls. And so you're starting to see in high quality polls that sort of focus on an entire demographic so that you don't get these like, you know, cross tab small samples.


You see the black votes starting to look more like it did in 2020. You see the Latino votes starting to look more like it did in 2020. The youth vote starting to look more right. So you're seeing some reversion in some of these polls to like what the electorate was like in 2020, which would make sense of why the Sunbelt is getting a little better for her and then it's getting a little tighter in the northern battlegrounds. Yeah, I I also, the the one of Nate Cohen pointed this out about late deciders that it, both of these things can't be true. It can't be true that in the, that in Pennsylvania, according to the Times late breakers are going towards Trump and according to the Harris campaign they're going towards Harris. Just one of those things has to be true. And the question is like what is the artifact of this polling that's pulling out that kind of information? and it might just be that the like that that people saying that they are late deciders may have in a previous poll is what Nate pointed out.


Might have already have been saying they were voting for Harris had they been called a week or two earlier. Yeah, Yeah there's a generally just a mixed bag. I mean we want her to win in the Midwestern states first and foremost 'cause that seems to be the most likely path. But, there was a surprisingly strong result out of Nevada that we hadn't seen in a while, which seemed to cut against the doom and gloom we've seen from John Ralston about the early vote. So again, we're just emotional basket cases These That's right. Well the poll heard round the World, there we go. Dropped on Saturday night as the legendary and seltzer of the Des Moines register came down from the mountaintop with a tablet that showed Kamala Harris leading Donald Trump 47 44 in the state of Iowa, a state that Donald Trump won by eight points in 2020 and where Seltzer June poll of this year had Trump leading Joe Biden by 18 points in 2020 seltzer final poll showing Trump up by seven was the first and only sign that the polls were underestimating Trump like they did in 2016 when Seltzer final poll showed him with a seven point lead over Hillary Clinton, he ended up winning the state by nine that year.


That was a a terrifying moment for all of us in 2016 where we're like, oh, maybe this is not gonna go the way we think. I remember what was that's, I'll ignore that. Yeah. According to the poll, the shocking result this time around is based on a surge towards Harris among older and independent women. Trump of course called it a fake poll done by a Trump hater and a call with an NBC reporter. He had previously called it a really great poll. Of course the Harris campaign said on a briefing call quote, we are seeing that we're closing strong. I would not read into it any more than that point taken, but let's do it anyway. Tommy, how should people be thinking about this poll? I mean I think it's, it's a shocking outlier, but one from someone who's considered one of the best pollsters in the business, if not the best.


I personally cannot overstate how large Salter loomed in my life because she basically called the Iowa caucuses in 2008, or at least you know, she had Obama winning by basically the margin that he ultimately won by. So you know, you, you explained how Seltzer got this result, which was older voters, independent women breaking for Kamala Harris. Oddly she has Harris winning senior men, men over 65 by two points, which is just kind of like hard to fathom. Seltzer says she doesn't know exactly how why this is happening. She thinks it's because of Iowa's extremely draconian six week abortion ban and the impact that is having, the one thing that's just worth knowing is, is Seltzer methodology is different from a lot of other pollsters because she basically just draws her sample by randomly calling Iowa phone numbers, landlines and cell phones.


They contacted a thousand adults to get 808 Iowans. They waited a little bit, but they're not doing all the kind of monkey business that a lot of other pollsters are doing where they are basically asking respondents who they voted for in 2020 and waiting their sample that way. So it looks like that electorate, so you know, it's a gutsy poll to release because she knew, you know, she says in an interview with Tim Miller, she did yesterday, one day, my methodology won't work and I'll explode and like spread into little pieces over Des Moines or something very funny like that. So funny. But we'll see. Yeah, I mean like my takeaway from the poll, so first of all there's another poll out of Kansas that showed Trump only winning by five and I bring it up only because these are polls that can't herd because no one else is polling these states.


And those polls could actually end up becoming outliers and it turns out that the polls showing a tie or Trump ahead are correct and will say, oh, these were outliers because maybe those voters were because of how she samples or because of the politics of those places. Slightly different. But all in all it takes tells me like, you know, Nate Cohen wrote up about these times Sienna polls that basically if there's a polling error like 2020, it could turn out that Donald Trump could run the table if there's a polling error like 2022 could turn out that Harris runs the table. And I think the truth is we just don't know because as Tommy pointed out, a lot of these polls are being weighted towards the 2020 sample, which is just a way to kind of basically have them all heard towards a result that kind of looks like 2020 with certain assumptions about how the electorate has changed, baked in.


But that's not really a poll, right? That's something else that's that's a model or that's, it's a guess. I also, and and Seltzer said this to to Tim, but her waiting that, you know, she's defending her waiting, right? Which is not weighted towards recalled vote or party, even party ID or registration, but it is by demographic. And so she's getting enough of each kind of voter in Iowa and by region, right? So she's trying to get, so she's trying to avoid the like say least Congressional district Breakdowns. Yeah. Just getting a bunch of excited libs, but who knows? I think there's just a signal in the poll. I think that's the best you can say, right? Which is that there is, that Harris is holding up surprisingly well maybe among older voters now, of course the polls said that Biden was doing really well with seniors and then he did typical performance with seniors, right?


He did a little bit better than Hillary had, but, and it's showing that women, older women, independent women are really, really motivated to go vote. And that could have implications for Wisconsin that traditionally that has been what Seltzers Poll has, has told people. And, and this was the case in 16 and 20, like, oh, well if Trump's doing that well in Iowa, then maybe Joe Biden or maybe Hillary Clinton aren't doing as well as we think according to the polls in Wisconsin, which ended up being true that those years, she could be wrong. Of course her last miss, her last big miss on the presidential level was in 2004, but even then she had Carrie up by three Bush ended up winning by 0.7.


So that was an so like, it's tight, this is what she has in this result is an 11 point swing from the 2020 results margin of error at the 95% confidence level is nine. Let's say that it's nine, right? Let's say she's off by nine, that's still Trump plus six in Iowa instead of Trump plus eight would still be a shift to the left by two points. Yeah. The the, the, the, the takeaway for me, like stepping all the way back is, okay, well it seems like Ann is suggesting there's an error in the polls that looks a bit more like 2022, that there is this pro pro-choice anti Dobbs vote. And then the question becomes, okay, Iowa's a place with the draconian abortion law, Wisconsin's a state that just elected a Supreme Court judge to stop them from having a draconian ancient abortion law in place.


But it's a state where that was very much a fear. You have Michigan where Gretchen Whitmer campaigned on protecting abortion access. You have Pennsylvania where you have a democratic governor that has been able to protect abortion access. The question is, what does that anti Dobbs pro-abortion coalition look like in states where abortion isn't as much under threat or in a state like Arizona where they have a ballot measure or Nevada where they have a ballot measure. And I guess that's, that to me is the open question For what it's worth. Tim asked Ann Seltzer about what this result could mean for Wisconsin. He's like, 'cause there's a lot of white people in both places and they eat at Culver's and she cautioned against that kind of analysis. I mean I, she Just said she can't, she's like, I'm not qualified to know 'cause I don't pull Wisconsin.


Well, she said, well yeah. She said the only way I would agree to do that is if I pulled that state. But it's also just worth pointing out that Wisconsin is getting hundreds of millions of dollars worth of messaging every day. There's field teams, there's people knocking doors. I always got none of that. 'cause it's not a competitive state. So you're pro it's probably easier to reach people, they're just not hearing the campaign messaging. So it, it's just, look, it's a big, like who knows? But the hopeful version is definitely like, okay, maybe this is a signal that something good is happening out there. Another high quality, highly rated pollster. Marist just came out with their final national poll, 51 47 Harris. They are the other big high quality pollster that does not wait by education or pass vote. So there's something, there's, there's some split there and you know, the we will find out.


Yeah, we will find out. But I will say, I just wanna be on like, even if the election results end up mirroring the kind of cascade of ties, that will not mean that the, their approach was the correct one. It will just mean that they, they herded luckily correctly. And we will run in, in the next midterms and the next presidential the same confounding. What did these mean? We will have no idea until the votes come in. Okay, We're gonna take a quick break, but two things before we do that. First reminder that we're gonna be doing a show every day until the race is called Yay. What a what a day as always is gonna have a new episode in your feet every morning, breaking down what you need to know in just 20 minutes. The hosts of strict scrutiny and hysteria. We'll be making appearances across the network to unpack breaking news. So make sure you're following all these shows to get the very latest.


And again, Vote Save America shout out and request. As you probably know, mail-in ballots come in all the time with little mistakes like a missing signature and they can get thrown out if they aren't fixed. That's why we need your help reaching these folks to correct or cure their ballots. That's what it's called by going to Vote Save America dot com slash cure and signing up to volunteer. This is incredibly important. So important. This is like a signature issue, whatever. And they give you a chance to fix it. And you know, there there's like thousands of ballots that need curing usually in every state. I think there's already a couple thousand in every, in a bunch of these states where early votes come in and that can be the margin. And This is the voter who voted, who made a little mistake and you can make sure their vote counts.


Yep. Yeah, it's a reminder too that there's gonna be work. We're gonna have to like, even if we get good numbers, good results starting Tuesday night, we have to be vigilant and there's gonna be work to do between now and the moment. Kamala Harris is inaugurated. Yeah, and of course again, as we just heard from Tim Wells, you can call a friend, you can reach out to friend, text a friend in swing states, not in swing states. Just get people to vote in these last for 24 48 hours. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. We'll be right back.


Positive America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple article's. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus they won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Articles, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. We have some great article furniture at the company. Yeah, we got a bunch of chairs, couches, Very Comfortable desks. They look good and they show up really, really fast and they're durable. We've had 'em for for years Now. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will automatically be applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Pod Save America is brought to you by the zero Emission Transportation Association Education Fund. The Zeta Education Fund is working to ensure more Americans are aware of the positive economic impact the EV and battery supply chain is having on communities across the country, especially since the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act and the bipartisan infrastructure law. So here are the facts. To date, the EV and battery supply chain has already created 240,000 jobs, attracted $177 billion of investment and supports millions of more jobs in the electricity industry. More than a million EVs were sold in the US last year, and three outta four were made in America. There are currently 200,000 public charging locations in the United States and 1000 more coming online each week. EVs are great cars, but it's also important to know that they're already making a positive economic impact. Creating jobs and strengthening communities. Whether or not you drive one, join forces with the Zeta Education Fund and help spread the facts about what a transition to EVs means to the future of the United States. Get on board at zeta.org/join. That's z.org/join.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Ether Apparel, the best company for clothing that fits any adventure. Ether has everything you need. Insulated jackets, fleece sweatshirts, water resistant pants so much more. Since 2009, ether has celebrated the restless spirits, the adventurers, wanderers, and explorers who know every moment is a chance to create unforgettable memories. Just like my friend John here. Their purpose-built highly technical out artwork, offers colors, fit function, and unsurpassed versatility. It's all the tech and function you need without sacrificing the look. They're engineered to withstand the most rugged terrains and endure the test of time backed by the Ether guarantee. I have An Ether jacket first, so you should go to the Ether website and check it out. They have sweaters and pans, but I got one of the jackets. And what I really like about it is they have very kind of comfortable outdoor jackets, but they look really nice. They're just like, they're just a look a little bit nicer than the competitor ones. I got this navy blue warm kind of fleece like jacket and I just really, really like it. Get ready for your next adventure with Ether Apparel. And for a limited time, our listeners can get 25% off orders, over $400. Just go to ether apparel.com and use promo code Crooked 25 at checkout. That's, so here's how you spell it, does not like it sounds. A-E-T-H-E-R apparel.com. And use promo code crooked 25 for 25% off orders over $400. Don't wait. That's ether apparel.com.


All right, we're getting to the end here. We said all along rather be us than them. You guys still feel like that's true? I think so. I, I, I would've had a different answer two weeks ago to be totally honest with you. And now I feel hopeful because Kamala Harris is closing strong and I think Trump has fumbled every bag He has been handed for 10 days now. Yeah. I I would rather be us than them. It wouldn't have changed for me over the last couple weeks, even with the ebb and flow, because this, the push to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris was just a bet on politics. And we are practicing politics. Donald Trump is doing something else, and I still would rather bet on politics. Yeah. I I I, I'd much rather be us. I mean, I think question is what are, what are we talking about when people head into the voting booth and we are, what the Trump campaign would want people to be thinking about when they head into the voting booth is Joe Biden, whether or not you feel better off than four years ago.


Inflation, squirrel, immigration, squirrel, squirrels. Right? Yeah. We're not talking about any of the things that we know the Trump campaign wants people to think about because it's in their ads. And so now again, maybe people have already decided, and so that doesn't matter. But they are not doing that at the end. And Trump's just saying crazy shit. He's being off his rocker. He is anyone who's just tuning into this whole thing. Think of what they have seen in the last week from Donald Trump and 'cause there's people like, well, sometimes that works with people. Yeah. That works with his base, but not people who are just turning it. So, and I, I think fundamentally, if you're zooming out, like she, her coalition is relying on more reliable voters than his Right.


And now his base is certainly reliable. The turnout in the rural areas already early vote is like through the roof, but he's betting on low propensity men to save the day for him. and it, it could pay off, but it's a, it's a riskier bet. Yeah. Plus army of Intels. Yeah. I just think about like, I, I will, for me, like the last week and a half has truly to me been about Trump on Joe Rogan versus Michelle Obama. And I just think like Michelle Obama made a case, not just to people who are gonna vote for Harris, but for the people around those people. Right. Like for them to go to their husbands, to go to their brothers and their sisters and to say, please come with me. I don't do, Donald Trump has not given a message to his MAGA base or on that show that says, I know you're with me.


Here's how to go get some other people. He just has not done that. Yeah. Alright, before we sign off for the last time, before results come in, while we're all in agonizing suspense, we thought it'd be a good time to talk about what we've learned from this race and any takes we feel confident about, regardless of what happens on Tuesday. I get, I'll run through a couple quick, and you polling is broken. I hit that one. Candidates matter, switching from Biden to Kamala is why we have a chance. She has been an extraordinary candidate. She took on the mantle and she deserves so much praise for that. No matter what happens. And I am sure there'll be plenty of recriminations if we were to lose, and I, I just wanna be on record saying that because I would like to not be a part of that. There'll be not a perfect campaign, but if it required a perfect campaign to defeat this fucking moron than America's got bigger fish to fry, campaigns matter.


She ran a great campaign. The bigger points to me are the full takeover of the Republican party by Trump is complete. And, and I don't know what comes next for Republicans if Donald Trump loses, but we cannot forget what these people fucking did. Every single one who capitulated every single one who sold their souls for him, they're not walking away from that. We will remember the last piece too is because Kamala became the candidate late because of a lot of headwinds around people being frustrated by the cost of living and anti incumbency trend that is global. It may not manifest in this election. But, there is an, there's not just an anti-Trump coalition out there. There is a pro-freedom, pro-democracy, economically populist coalition out there that we can assemble.


We see that with Dan Osborne and the success he's had. We see that with ballot measures across the country, that movement, that majority is there for us, win or lose. Yeah, I mean, I, I think I totally agree with that. Candidates matter a lot. I think that if, if this were Biden versus Trump, we would be on a path to, you know, Trump getting 400 electoral votes or more and it would be very, very bad. Yeah. The good news there is there'd be less anxiety, less, Less, less expense. Right. It'd be more battening down the hatches. Right? Yeah. More applying for passports and other places. I think also we learned that abortion is not a secondary issue for people. It's not a quote unquote social issue or one that declined in salience as we got further from Dobbs.


It's an issue where the results of the Dobbs decision became more and more prevalent and the stories became more personal and horrifying. And I think that drove voters. There's been a lot of polling where you've see an abortion tick up over the last few weeks in terms of its relevance. I also think like there, there was a very annoying kind of internet Twitter meme for a while when Trump would say something and people would be like, LOL, nothing matters. You know, I remember that. And like sometimes that's true. You know, when you're in the kind of dregs of an off year, he can say something. Most people won't see it. It won't matter. And I also think that ultimately, look, the fact that we're here, that January 6th wasn't the career ending event like it should have been.


But what he says and does matters on the margins. I mean, the Madison Square Garden rally has hung with him. Yep. True, true. There was a Univision poll of Pennsylvania Latino voters that found a lot of people personally offended by that joke. The kill Tony joke about Puerto Rico. 71% of respondents said the joke suggested there was racism in the Trump campaign. And 53% think Trump is very disrespectful to Latinos. So racism in the Trump campaign. What? And a shocker, right? Yeah. Yeah. Nick Fuentes. Yeah. I mean, Like the flip side to Joe Biden would be down to Trump. We don't know what it would be like right now if they had run a normal Republican like Nikki Haley versus Biden, but like Nikki Haley versus Kamala Harris. Like we don't know what it would look like that they had all the trends of anti incumbency, all the anger at the economy, all the, all the anger at the Biden administration behind a normal candidate running a strategic campaign.


I, I don't think we'd be pretty happy sitting here either. Yeah. To buy the country anything could happen sucks that we got here. But feeling better if she Loses. I think the explanation to me feels pretty straightforward, which is that voters who don't follow news closely, who don't show up in every election, were still pissed about high prices and or at the border, which is sort of the post pandemic malaise that has, as you said, love it, just taken down incumbents all over the world and trading our very unpopular incumbent for his vice president 90 days out from the election, still wasn't quite enough to overcome that environment. That was that I think if she loses that to me is the most likely explanation if she wins it is because the Antiga coalition that has turned out in every election since 16 to beat Donald Trump and beat MAGA politicians did it again.


and it was fueled by women who were pissed about Dobbs and people and anti MAGA coalition very pissed about Donald Trump's threat to democracy. And what Kamala Harris did, which would be an incredible like history making achievement, is in 90 days she reminded people of what's at stake and also defined herself in a way where she neutralized Donald Trump's advantage on the economy and on immigration just enough to make sure that that Antiga coalition could propel her to the White House. And it's sort of why I am like relatively calm, because I feel like we have done all we can Yeah.


To make sure everyone who's paying attention knows the stakes. And when I say we, it's like the other, the other thing that makes me sort of proud and happy at the end here, it's like the anti MAGA coalition got the assignment. We're used to seeing that at the convention. Kamala Harris had to walk the highest narrowest tightrope. And you can count on one hand the number of times that she stumbled. General O'Malley Dillon, who was the Biden campaign chair, and now Kamala Harris's chair, and the entire Biden campaign, who's now the Harris campaign, plus all the new people who joined, they all got the assignment, they did everything they could. The left a OC and Bernie did everything they could. Liz Cheney, and the Never Trump Republicans did. Like the legacy media clearly covered the stakes.


A lot of people have complaints about the media, but like plenty of articles out there about how, what Donald Trump's planning to do if he wins again. And so if people choose that, then like that's what the country wanted. And I, I don't believe that's what the country wants and I think that we can overcome that. But that's, I I really, I'm proud of everyone for, for pulling together and, and doing everything we can to stop this guy. Yeah, it's, it's, I will say too though, even in that circumstance, even with all of us doing everything we can, if we lose, I do think, like, will that be because this country wanted someone as awful and terrible as Donald Trump? Will that be 'cause this country wanted tariffs and a national sales tax and mass deportations. I think some people really want those things. I think some people are pretending to believe he won't do those things or actually believe he won't do those things.


But I also do think that like we, we can't always lay at the feet of the Harris campaign or Democrats or even the media. Like what, what it means for someone like Donald Trump to be anywhere close to the White House. And those are deeper economic problems. Those are deeper social problems. Those are problems with social media that will continue that we have to keep figuring out how to fight back against and, And that's true regardless of the Outcome. And that is true regardless of the outcome. Yeah. That's our show for today. Tomorrow is election day. If you can get away from work to help get people to the polls, do that. We're gonna record the show as late as we can tomorrow night to get the fullest picture. We can, Dan will be here too, the whole gang. We will release that show as soon as possible. And as we mentioned, we'll have a show every day until there's an official call.


Stick with us. Hang in there, everybody go get every last vote and you know, see On the other side, you should feel good. Yeah, feel good. Everybody feel good, but also nervous. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant thanks to our digital team. Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Heco, Mia Kellman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Tolles.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars, but as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you. Wait. Autotrader.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and along with thanking family or friends, there's another person. We don't get to thank enough ourselves. It'll pat yourself in the back. You know, It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything. And in this crazy world, that isn't easy. It Isn't easy. Here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. I think The term, trying our best doesn't mean anything. You've never done anything half-assed. I know. Well, there's no, we're not all trying our best. That's Wrong. Oh, we're not all, yeah, that's, It's just sort of like if like, Oh, you're saying, okay, everyone's trying their best. Like, Oh, well, they're trying their best. Maybe. I mean, I don't, I don't know. Like I do you like, even when you are trying your best, it's not always clear like, are you, It sounds like a conversation you should have with your therapist. That's what I'm saying. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Therapy's great. You can go on rants like Lovett just did and the person's paid to listen. Even if you think you're fine, you just go sit down with someone. Trust us. I don't think I'm fine. Yeah, well, even if you do, let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/psa.