
Welcome to Omaha, where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party. Where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views and our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis. And where in 2027 a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


Get away with friends to the laid back Maryland coast where you can catch up while casting off and hang 10 while hanging out. Where a day on board is never boring. And full throttle is half the fun where you can sink a putt, raise a glass, and there's always room for one more round. Ocean city, Maryland, somewhere to smile about. Book your trip@ococean.com.


What's up, Madison Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I am Aaron Haynes. And I can use my microphone. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Ben Wickler. The best party share in the country. Clap for that. I'm Tommy Vitor. I. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We have a great show for you tonight, your fantastic senator who is going to win in November.


Tammy Baldwin is here and we're gonna talk a little bit more about the Republican Convention that just wrapped up with two people who braved MAGA mania in Milwaukee. Aaron is the editor at large of the 19th. And of course your Democratic party chair, as Tommy said, the best in the country. Ben Wickler. All, right? Let's start with the RNC, which had everything. Election deniers, convicted felons, domestic abusers, cute dogs and dog killers.


A running mate who once called his boss, America's Hitler. But somehow the Republican Party is in the strongest position they've been in in a decade, despite being massively outspent. Three points ahead nationally, four points ahead in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and here in Wisconsin ahead by even more in other swing states. And it's all because of this. Once in a generation talent Thank, you kid Rock sometimes referred to as Bob. Was Dana good? I mean, was he good? you know, he was on probably the only vacation he is had in about maybe ever.


So he got on a plane, he got here a little while ago and now he's gonna get on the plane in a little while and he's gonna go back home to his wife. But they're great. They may call that entertainment, I know about entertainment, but when he used to lift a 350 pound man over his shoulders and then bench press him two rows into the audience, I say maybe entertainment, but he is one strong son of a gun, followed by Eric. What was that all about? And Green Bay's gonna have a good team this year, right? They're gonna have a good team. I watched the other day on a show called Deface the Nation. Has anyone seen it? If they would ever win this election, I hate to even say that we will have our next Republican convention in Venezuela because it will be safe.


The longest runway's, most powerful hardened thickened runways. As I said, we have to take the bow and we have to make it a little nicer and a little point at the top instead of a flat nose. That that was his convention speech in front of tens of millions of people. The easiest speech in politics, you just get a free audience teleprompter. That's what he did. All. right? The four of us gave our quick reactions last night. Aaron and Ben, since both of you were there, I'd love to hear what you thought of both Trump's speech and the convention as a whole. Aaron, let's start with you. Yeah, I mean, I think to echo the former president, what was that all about? By the time I got to the end of that speech and shout out to everybody that stayed awake for that speech and is here with us tonight, really appreciate you.


I know that was not easy. Yeah, I mean that was probably the most subdued part of the whole week though, to be honest. 'cause I was there for most of the convention and it was a big party. Like the grand ole party threw a big party this week. They are feeling good. I mean, kicking it off on Monday when you had literally Alan Cannon saying, you know what? Dropping this case. They're going in with a lot of energy. And the momentum just built every single day as they're watching Joe Bidin still on the ropes. and they guy, you know, who apparently was divinely intervened into to, to, you know, to to join them and, and accept the, the nomination for the Republican party's Yeah. Presidential bid. So they're riding high. They were in high spirits, you could tell all week.


And, and it just kind of culminated in. Yeah, whatever we all watched last night, Some weird shit. They felt pretty, yeah, they they seem pretty cocky. Yeah. Oh. yeah. They, I mean cocky is probably the accurate word. I mean they basically, last night might as well have been an election night for them. I mean that, that's where they are. They feel like God himself wants Trump to be president and as endorsed by Franklin Graham and Hulk Hogan. So, you know, I don't know. That's all you need. The Alpha and the Omega. Ben, you were there too. What'd you think? It was a fascinating convention, most of all to me, because of what they did not talk about. There've been, I think three really huge things that have happened since 2020.


The first is that President Bidin and Vice President Harris have done a killer job. They've passed a ton of legislation. They've had the best economy in the world. Yeah. Weirdly, no one pointed that out at the Republican convention. I don't understand why. I mean, it's right there. The second thing was that after Trump lost in Wisconsin and the other states, he tried to overthrow the government of the United States and in and violent insurrection that killed multiple people and had his supporters trying to club police officers with American flagpoles and then parading the confederate flag through the capitol that Trump has been campaigning on, like immediately pardoning the January 6th hostages as he calls them.


That was gone from the stage as though it had never happened. And then the third is that the Supreme Court justices that Donald Trump appointed for that purpose ripped away a fundamental freedom from half of America. and they didn't mention that at the Republican convention. So it was kind of like the convention that seems fine because no one mentions the giant gaping problem that everyone is actually thinking about. And the tell for me was that Trump, I mean the, the biggest news that actually came outta the convention was Trump's choice of a vice presidential nominee whose two qualifications were his support for 100% abortion ban and his stated willingness to shred our constitution in order to give Trump a dictatorship.


And that, that long after the lights have faded and the gold balloons have been popped in, in the Fiserv forum, that is going to be a, an anchor that Trump has dropped through the bottom of his boat. Yeah. That he has chosen the person who confirms our most important and most effective argument in this election. They're the party of trying to rip away freedom and destroy our democracy. and they have to own that. Yeah. I think someone went through the transcript of all the speeches. I think abortion was not mentioned once in the entire convention. They tried to avoid the election denial, but Trump couldn't help himself in his speech because he was, he was riffing as we know.


Here's how the New York Times sums up Trump's challenge going forward. His success will depend on whether for the final 15 weeks of the campaign, he can contain his self-destructive tendencies and temper his preference for vengeance and unpopular hard right policies. Dan Will Trump's success depend on maintaining the sense of discipline that he's famous for. I feel like the witness is being led here. I mean, we have read all of these stories over the last few months as Susie Wees and Chris Las Cavita Trump's campaign manage co-managers have gone around extolling their virtues about how disciplined the Trump campaign is.


How this is more professional than the previous Trump campaigns, which were run by PE basically the drags of the Fox News Green Room, And I think that is actually a accurate representation of how they've run this race. They've run a discipline race, they've run a strategic race. They've been very smart about how they thought about the messaging and the allocation of resources. But there's one big problem with the Trump campaign and that problem is Donald Trump. I mean, we saw, I mean we saw that I, like they, they ran, They solved almost everything. There's, that may be the unsolvable problem, but like the, their convention was the convention of a party that desperately wants to win. and they, as you as Ben pointed out, they didn't talk about abortion and they didn't talk about the big lie, which are the two things that make you a Republican in this day and age.


If you do not believe and or at least propagate the idea, the false idea that Donald Trump was illegitimately denied the election, then you were exiled from the party. Yet not a single person said that until the one guy who would suffer the most politically were that idea to be brought up, stood up on stage and brought it up himself. Like, even, even think about this, they pitched this idea. They were so proud of it that Joe Bidin, he would never mention Joe Biden's name. It's a new post shooting Trump. And then he did it. He could not, not do, I asked him to do one thing and he could not do it. And so that, like, the takeaway from that speech is this guy is so goddamn beatable.


Right. We can absolutely do it. So Lovett And, we were talking last night about how Trump's speech might play with undecided voters to the extent that undecided voters were watching that speech. Turns out the times and CNN talked to some and the reviews were not great. A 21-year-old from Milwaukee said, and this person had been considering Trump. It was just insane to me and it made me feel really uncomfortable. A retiree from Pennsylvania said quote, he tried to be unifying at first, but then got on his high horse at the end and a Michigan voter said it felt like listening to a fourth grader's essay who had to meet a word count and was just kind of using fillers.


That was my Uber driver. Yeah, that sounds familiar. Voters are great. What do you make of those reactions and why do you think those folks are still undecided? Yep. First of all, I, I've been that fourth grader in some sense. I'll always be that fourth grader. So like font bigger Margins. Yeah. You gotta bring the, the thing is, you know, you get, you could get margin blindness and then you turn in the paper and the teacher turns it back and be like, I see what you tried to do here. and you realize you squeezed it too much, but you, because you got accustomed to it also. It's gonna be a loose show we've been doing recording every single night. Do you think Ben Wickler would've more credibility if he wasn't wearing flip flops?


Best party chair in the country? How good would you be in a fucking closed toed shoe? Think about all the door knocking we could do. If you're dragging your feet along the ground with your toes in the world, I think we can always get better. That's what's great about this country. It's an opportunity. He's so on message, folks. Unbelievable. No, but but look, I think when we heard that, you know, this is gonna be a change Trump, this is gonna be a different Trump, I think it was a recognition that this campaign, which is smart, understands that barring some big transformation in who Donald Trump is and the public perception of him, people know who Donald Trump is. They don't like him, they don't want it to be president. They also are really unhappy with their choice between both Bidin and Trump.


And so the reason you have undecided people turning on this god forsaken speech, this 90 minutes of bloviating, unstructured rambling, talking about Dana White's flight logistics. By the way, Dana White flew in, now he's gonna be here and then he is gonna fly home. That's just called going somewhere. It is just a reminder that, that the question is not whether Donald Trump can lose. The question is can we win? Right? It's can we do what we have to do to bring the people back to us? Tommy, president Bidin released a statement today on Trump's speech that said, he quote, avoided mentioning his project 2025 agenda, but still flaunted the worst of MAGA extremism during the convention.


Trump's senior advisor, Chris Avita, told Jonathan Martin of Politico that project 2025 is quote a pain in the ass to them points for Honesty. I know. Yeah. Is this the big, is this the big vulnerability for Republicans over the next 15 weeks? I think so. I mean, I think we should just talk about what it is for a second, which is, it's, it's the playbook for authoritarianism. It's a turnkey operation for an authoritarian state. If this thing is 900 pages, it's backed by a $22 million budget. So this is not a bunch of liberals, you know, puffing something up, manufacturing a controversy for a campaign. This is a real threat and it covers policy personnel. So they're vetting, they have a database of people vetted not for qualifications, but for loyalty to Donald Trump.


They have training for the next generation of MAGA extremists. And there is a first 180 day script for Donald Trump to follow. And by the way, I think he implemented like 60% of the Heritage Foundation's policies in his first term. So they want to do things like take full control of federal agencies. They wanna push out qualified civil servants and replace them with the vetted MAGA extremists. They want the FBI to directly report to the president of the United States. You don't have to be a constitutional scholar to see how that could go south. And by the way, the FBI has never been run by a Democrat in its history. This is the most conservative organization in the government yet it's still not conservative enough for Donald Trump.


It should make you think for a second. They're planning mass deportations. They want to ban medical abortion. They wanna ban Mifa Prestone. They want to roll back LGBT rights. They want to basically just take control of the entire government and magnify it. So this is a massive sweeping change to the federal government. It's a massive invasion in our privacy. It is not libertarian in any way. It's a huge overreach. So I do think this is something Project 2025. It wasn't an issue that I think the Bidin campaign identified. They noticed that it was going super viral on TikTok when people were talking about it. So this is an issue that was identified by voters.


This is something voters were organically concerned about. 'cause it Touches, Touches every part of our life from abortion to criminalizing porn. Maybe those are related. I have no idea, but like, so I do think this is something we should be hammering every single day from now until election day. And the value here is, it doesn't matter who's at the top of the ticket project 2025 is gonna affect all of us as citizens equally. Whether it's Kamala Harris, Joe Bidin, or somebody else. Yeah. And it is, we were like, we were canvassing today and some of the folks we were talking to, like just brought up project 2025 organically. First door we were at. Yeah. First door we were at, we knocked on the door.


We said, what issues do you think about this election? She said, saving democracy and stopping project 2025. Yeah. It's like, we'll mark you Down as a one. Yeah. It's happening. It's happening. I wanna hug you. Okay. When we come back a game And we're back, have you heard the good news? He has risen and he has some pretty crazy ideas about love. Namely, if you don't love him, he'll storm the Capitol doll. Anyway, it's time for game week call. Okay. Stop.


And this, and this will be our RNC Dear Leader edition. Let's roll the clip At our club championship in March. I watched President Trump hit a perfect 210 yard, four iron to within 10 feet of the hole. Yep. You needed to sink that putt to win win. Do you think he san it? Yeah. You better believe you. So that Pun okay. Stop. I love this guy. We're lucky he's not the nominee. This is a 300 electoral vote getting guy. This guy rules best toast at the wedding.


This guy, I love him. I think that Guy spoke at the North Korea Poly Burrow meeting. Yeah. you know Kim Jong-Un Yeah. You got a 19 on 18 holes. Yeah. Pretty good. Pretty good. No 210 yard for iron within 10 feet of the hole. I'm like, here you, you, you need these, first of all. But also golf. We're talking about golf. I and they love talking about golf. Yeah. That's Joe, Joe Biden's biggest electoral weakness is, is golf. Sure. Europe, that was, that was also one of one of two speakers who talked about golf. Sure. There was like the, the the manager of Trump Dorell Doll. Yes. Oh yes. and how, how, how Trump, how Bidin Trump is empowering women, empowered her. That that is also the Donald Trump that we don't know apparently is a Trump that empowers women.


Just fy A full speech about managing a resort. I liked it. All. right. Let's see, let's see the rest. Donald Trump 21 Club championships. Joe Bidin zero. Okay. Stop. I love this repeatedly winning club champion at the country club you own would be like me winning Crooked Media employee of the month, which I have month after month because I am the best.


Don't clap for that. Most Americans own a couple golf courses and have been the club champion a couple times. So it's, it's just weird to have a president who doesn't own a bunch of golf courses. It's not relatable for people. Definitely. Let's keep rolling. Proverbs 28 reads The Wicked Flea, though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion. And that truly a pit a epitomizes Donald Trump. He is a lion. On Saturday, the devil came to Pennsylvania holding a rifle, but an American lion got backed up on his feet and he, Okay, stop.


What, what are we doing here? This is a job about sending Medicare checks and like paving fucking roads. American Lion, what are we talking about? Lovett And as Tim Scott's number one supported you. You want to say here? Yeah. Did you, did you work on that speech? Look, oh, you've never been disappointed by someone you thought was great. Like Tim Scott before. Poor Tim Scott's still doing this. He, he, he, he doesn't really get considered for vp. He, he does this whole thing. He's still, he's still there doing the, he's roaring at the convention. He Is roaring. Yes. He Roaring for Donald Trump. He's So extra Brutal. I, yeah.


you know, he got engaged. At least we'll have time to focus on planning the wedding and True. I'm sure he'll be very interested in picking up the invitations and the flowers and things and all the other fun parts of planning a wedding when you get engaged the Monday before you endorse. Let's keep rolling. We cannot know what the future holds, but we know damn sure who holds the future in his hands because God is not finished with him yet. Okay. Stop Server just came up to God's table and said, are you finished with that yet?


God said, yeah, I'm still gonna nibble. I just, I Yeah, God, God was not finished with Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Apparently either, you know, new, new, I mean, look, don't know if there's new Donald Trump, but there was definitely a new Sarah Huckabee Sanders on that stage. And also, I mean, you know, hey, the future looks very huge when you see it in his two little hands on the stage. Yeah. His tiny little hands. It's, I I don't, the God isn't finished with him yet thing. It's like, okay. Like God isn't finished with Putin yet either, I guess by the same standard or people that spit their gum in urinals, even though there's a garbage can right there.


you know, somebody's gotta clean it up. God is still working on me. I mean, hey, who among us Roll. It Isn't just an American entrepreneur, he became a folk hero. Celebrities and sports stars wanted to be seen with him. Politicians sought his approval. New. Okay. Stop. Donald Trump is the most approval craving person in the entire universe. I Know. This is somebody who, like, there's all this reporting about how he would make, you know, give donations to politicians Totally. For access so he could be around them. He was constantly trying to buddy up some celebrities. He hosted a show where like failed celebrities would come and, and try to supplicate.


This is his entire thing and all the real celebrities hate him. But, But what about Hannibal Lecter though? Hann Hannibal Lector feel that The late great Hannibal Lecter, it's full, full of Love. Just checking. I just wonder whether he wrote the script for this video. For No doubt. You can tell, you can tell. He hand selected the photos. This is the guy didn't Look at the federal budget one time in four years, but he picked out the photo of Mike Tyson individually for this. They had to digitally retouch to remove the sharpie before they put it into the video. Yeah, They, yeah. It is a funny thing. 'cause this is the story he tells in his own mind, right? Like this is, this is the vision he had for what it meant for Donald Trump to be in New York.


A folk hero, you know, like the kind of folk hero we all remember Grow learning about growing up the kinds that become famous for cheating on their wives and it being in page six, like Paul bunion. Right. Any final thoughts? And that's okay. Stop when we come back. Tommy sits down with Senator Tammy Baldwin


Poe of America is brought to you by American scandal on Wondery. Explore the biggest political corruption scheme in US history. In the latest season of the podcast. American Scandal, teapot Dome using vivid and immersive storytelling. American scandal retraces, the bribes players and underhanded deals related to the Teapot dome scandal. In 1922, newspapers reported that Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall had leased federally owned oil reserves to two of the nation's wealthiest oil barons. Edward Doheny and Harry Sinclair Fall had made the deals to enrich himself. And all three men were charged with defrauding the US government. The scandal named after one of the oil reserves in Wyoming, would eventually send Sinclair to prison for contempt of Congress and jury tampering and made fall the first person ever convicted of a crime committed while serving in the US cabinet. Follow American scandal. Wherever you get your podcasts, go deeper and get more to the story with Wondery Top history podcasts, including American History, tellers legacy, and even the Royals.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix Sleep. How long have you had your mattress? For most people, it's probably time for an upgrade, right? Well, Helix has exactly what you need. Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from. Each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Helix has models with memory foam layers to provide optimal pressure relief if you sleep on your side models with a more responsive foam to cradle your body for essential support in stomach and back sleeping positions. Plus enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. I have a Helix matrix in our guest bedroom. Every single person who stays with us says that bed is so comfortable. Where'd you get it? you know what I say? What'd you say? Helix. I love my Helix mattress. I have Don Luxe. Don Luxe. It's very comfortable. So Luxe Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. Go to Helix sleep.com/crooked and use code Helix partner 20. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now. Again, that's Helix sleep.com/crooked and use code Helix partner 20.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Do you tend to compare your life to others? Does social media play a part in that? It does. What do you do when you get caught up wishing your life looked like someone else's? you Know what, that's not my problem. Yeah, I don't, I don't get the like, nv, but you know what I do do I decide to use social media. I weigh in on things that suck and then terrible people criticize you. and you could tell yourself it doesn't matter, but it actually does bother you. Which is why Yeah, I do let strangers get me Mad. I I'm just, I'm, I've just started deleting tweets 'cause I'm like, you know what? I just, I don't care. I I don't need to let someone attack me all day long for no reason. You wanna talk about it a little more. I think this should go deeper, which is why BetterHelp is a sponsor of this show. Tommy Tommy Comparison is the thief of joy. It is, and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. John, You can cut others down or you can lift yourself up BetterHelp and wants you to choose the latter, The line that will undoubtedly appear in just a dozen convention speeches. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


I am thrilled to welcome to the show tonight from the great state of Wisconsin, your senator Tammy Baldwin. All, right? Good to see you. Thank you. It's Great to see you. Thanks for being here. It's great to be here. It's great to be out of Milwaukee. Yes. I was doing a few events around the periphery just to draw some attention away. Yeah, We were there too.


It was, yep. Weird. So we were talking with an elected official in Milwaukee earlier this week who was genuinely in awe and maybe a little jealous of your ability to win elections in Wisconsin, but also win by bigger margins than any other statewide official. In 2012, you beat Tommy Thompson, who was governor, who was HHS secretary with 51.4% of the vote. And then in 2018 you were reelected with 55.4% of the vote. Yeah. Clap for that.


That's a huge margin, especially in a state where we are all used to, you know, 1%, One vote, counting thousands of votes by the end raise within margins. What's the secret sauce? How are you outpacing everybody else? And can you tell Joe Bidin about it? So secret sauce is travel everywhere and don't just go to blue areas, go to red areas and purple areas. Go to rural areas, suburban areas, and listen, one of the most important things that somebody who's serving the public needs to do.


And frankly, I listen And I, hear what people are challenged by, what they're struggling with, what they're hopeful for, and take that back. And it informs what I do. But there is no substitute for getting out there. I love the people of this state, hardworking, decent people. And to hear whether it's Donald Trump or my opponent Eric Huffy speak insulting folks, it's very clear that, you know, he's more familiar with the boardroom or the yacht than he is with hardworking Wisconsinites. Yeah.


I wanna ask you about that goober in a minute. But there have been some recent polls that show you running several points ahead of President Bidin in this state. Just wondering why you think that is. You know, I think that it is about showing up and exactly what I just said in answer to your last question. I'm a known quantity. I have gotten out there and fight for our farmers, fight for our natural resources, fight to bring jobs back, and we make things in the state of Wisconsin. And my buy America rules are bringing new jobs back to Wisconsin.


So, you know, and it's, it's the chance to really get to know my state and the people And I think that accounts for it. But I, I also worry, I mean, I think in this particular year I don't, I had ticket splitters in 2018. Yeah. I'm not sure there's gonna be as many this time around. Why is that? I don't know. Try to, I I have met a few Trump Tammy voters in my time. What Are they like? Well, I'll give you an example. I was visiting Nina Foundry.


For those of you who travel, you always look down at the manhole covers. It's like, yeah, that was made in Wisconsin, yay And I. I was, I was visiting right before my last election. And I met with, you know, they were showing me how they make things. And the guy who brings the molten metal and pours it into the, you know, operates the machinery to pour it into the molds. He started the conversation by like, why do you keep picking on my guy Trump I? like, what? Why do you keep picking on my guy Trump? Well, maybe he deserves it. The guy didn't even crack a smile. He shows me what he does. And after I moved on, a staffer went to engage him and said, okay, you're a big Trump supporter.


What do you think of Tammy Baldwin? And he stopped and he said, look what I make, I make manhole covers and things for our infrastructure. If it weren't for buy America rules, I wouldn't have a job. And Nina Foundry might not even be in Wisconsin. Of course I'm voting for her. So that's, I also have a couple of folks, you know, who work hard as dairy farmers and know that I've gone to bat for them. And I. Remember one guy with a big Trump bumper sticker on his pickup truck. But he's definitely a strong supporter. I'd like him to put a Baldwin bumper sticker next to that.


I, I'm not sure what signal that would send, but I, but I don't, I I think I do worry in this particular race that we have become hardened in our, in our divides. And so we're working to earn every vote. Trump last night said he was gonna buy every vote. Sure. My opponent looks like he's trying to do that, but I'm working really hard to earn every vote. Speaking of divides, I mean, can you win statewide in Wisconsin if you are lactose intolerant? You know, I wouldn't brag about it.


Right. But you could probably still chill. Leave it out All. right. It's a good, it's a good tip for Lovett And if he moves here. Are you? Oh no. I love milk Cheese curds. Have you had Cheese curds? Well, we had, so we had two different kinds of cheese curds. We had kinda like pink Fried and, and fresh. One of them, one of them were like pancakey almost syrup and powdered sugar on them. Really? I didn't make 'em out I. like 'em fresh and squeaky. Yeah, those were squeak. We had some squeaky ones too. God, I'm gonna get run outta this place All right now for the annoying question. So ever since the debate, the Democratic Party has had this roiling conversation about whether President Bidin should step aside or, and let you know Vice President Harris or somebody else run against Donald Trump.


As of Friday evening when we're recording this, four US Senators, four of your colleagues have asked President Bidin to step down along with a couple dozen members of Congress. Do you think President Bidin should step aside? Look, as I travel, I have had countless conversations now of people coming up to me and saying that they're very worried about the top of the ticket. And these are legitimate concerns. And it's been my job, I feel, to convey it in no uncertain terms to the White House and the campaign. And I have been doing that. Ultimately it is, yes.


Ultimately it is the choice for Joe Bidin to make And I hope they are taking and weighing very seriously the input that we're providing. But in the end, whatever the decision I am for the Democratic ticket from the very bottom to the very top, I am, look, I am totally where you are. If Joe Bidin is the nominee, I will be to everything I can to support him. I'm so glad to hear that you're conveying these concerns because they do feel widespread. I don't think they are.


This is just an elite problem. And I'm just wondering if you feel like the White House is listening because Yeah, this is of course Joe Biden's decision. It's a very human personal decision. Right. I mean this is his life's work and purpose in saying I no longer get to do that would be unbelievably painful. But ultimately he's just a citizen. We're all citizens. We all own this together. And I, just worry a little bit whether the messages you're conveying from constituents are, are getting to the top. Yeah. Well I know there, there's also been face-to-face discussions with a number of my colleagues and President Bidin. But I have to trust that when I convey what I've been hearing, that it is going directly to him.


That's what I was promised. And I. Hope that is the case. So I live in Los Angeles. Your opponent, Eric Huffy, is basically my neighbor. He's down the road in Laguna Beach, which is a hell of a lot closer than you know, Madison, Wisconsin. So I saw that he also has a house in Washington DC that I believe he gifted to his brother. Yes. As one does this is, Well, for, for 24 years he ran a hedge fund in Washington DC Oh. And then came back and ran for senate in 2012. And now he owns a $3 billion bank Salt Of the earth and lives in Orange County, Laguna California, $7 million house.


This is a sincere question. Why is a banker from bank owner from California running for Senate in Wisconsin? That is a question for the voters. Yeah. Right. Like, where Where does this guy come from? And, and, and as I was saying, I just feel when I hear what he says, that he doesn't get us, that he doesn't understand the hardworking folks that I have the honor of representing. And he talks down to folks, he said that seniors in nursing homes shouldn't be able to vote. He disparages single moms. He calls farmers lazy.


In Wisconsin. In Wisconsin. Okay. Alright. I mean, you, you can't look down to the people that you're seeking to represent And I. I hope people really listen and understand, you know, he seems much more conversant in, in the boardroom than he does visiting a family farm or a factory here in the state of Wisconsin. Huh. Carpit bagging just seems so awkward. you know, you just gotta pretend you don't. And it seems increasingly frequent these days. Yeah. It's so frequently. I mean, it's amazing to me bizarre.


I saw a recent interview with former Governor Scott Walker, I think it was at the RNC. He was asked by like a local Green Bay TV station about HD's residency issues. And in his answer, in the course of like a minute and 20 seconds, he got to a place where he suggested that criticism of HD's residency was the kind of extreme rhetoric that led to the 2017 shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise and the assassination attempt on Donald Trump. And my question is, what the hell is Scott Walker talking about? I I wanna say, okay, stop.


I mean, oh my, oh my. There was a, there was this day, a few weeks back where he was due to stop by the Oconto County Republican Party for a meet and greet. He was a no-show. I mean, he's on the billing for this. Come meet Eric Humpty, same day a neighbor of his in California snapped a picture of him on the beach in Laguna Beach. Come on man. I Mean, really, What are you doing? I mean, really Unbelievable. Turning back some senate business you called on your Senate colleague, democratic colleague Bob Menendez to resign after he was found guilty.


Yeah. Applause for that. He was found guilty on 16 charges, including bribery, extortion, acting as a foreign agent. He had literal gold bars in his house. You've also expressed willingness to expel menendez if he doesn't, if he won't leave. Right. He said he's not gonna resign. He says he's gonna appeal the case. What happens next? What's the process for expelling a US senator? Well, I've never gone through that process before, but it is, you know, bring an expulsion resolution to the floor and we'll vote on it.


I think that the rule of law matters. And when we look at the threat to the rule of law posed by Donald Trump and the plans that he has for the future, we have to be very clear that regardless of whether this is a Democrat or a Republican, that he's been convicted. I called on him to resign after the charges because they were so serious. Right. But I, I certainly hope he resigns and we don't have to expel him, but that's what we should do. Agreed. The, the Dobbs decision that stripped away abortion access for millions of women in this country upended politics nationally.


But we were talking earlier before the show about how it was especially impactful in Wisconsin. Yes. I was hoping you could explain to the audience what the impact of Dobbs has been and whether, you know, this was the only thing we talked about going through the 2022 midterms. There's been a lot of noise outta DC that we discussed a minute ago. But are you hearing about the issue as much when you're at town hall meetings on the doors, et cetera? I am hearing about it a lot. First of all, just the Dobbs decision stripped away the rights and freedoms of half of America and half of America now has fewer rights and freedoms than their mothers and their grandmothers had.


And in Wisconsin, you know, when that happened, the law reverted to state law in our state. We have a criminal statute passed in 18 49, 1 year after statehood. Wow. That was widely perceived as a criminal abortion ban. Services stopped in this state. The moment that decision came out, And I have heard harrowing stories of what happened to people during that time. you know, to be told that we can't treat you. A woman who I met in Eau Claire, her water broke at 17 weeks and she went into her doctor and he said, I can't do anything.


They basically have lawyers practicing medicine like, no, no, no. You might be prosecuted if you do anything. Yeah. So they sent her home and they didn't provide her with care until she was at risk of sepsis and had a fever of 101 that should not be in America. This is healthcare. You can't say that half of the population has no access to comprehensive healthcare. Now since that time, a trial court judge has ruled that that 1849 statute is unconstitutional and, and not intended to serve this, to, to restrict access.


And so now we have three counties with Planned Parenthood clinics that have reopened Dane County, Milwaukee, and Sheboygan. But we have 69 counties that don't have services. And we've got to change that. I'm proud to be the lead sponsor of the Women's Health Protection Act, which would codify Roe and, and it would take the necessary additional step of telling states like Wisconsin and Texas and Florida, that you can't pass laws at the state level that make it impossible to access those rights. So we have to, we have to.


We have to pass that. Yeah. Amen. Final question for you. So we are constantly trying to figure out what issues do voters care about. We're looking at polls, you're looking at focus groups. You're literally on the road doing town hall meetings, knocking on doors, talking to people. What do you hear about the most and do you have any advice for Joe Bidin or Kamala Harris or anybody at the top of the ticket about how to refocus the conversation on the things that you're hearing about in Wisconsin and not whatever else is getting media attention? Yeah, so the things I hear about the high cost of things, but we have such a story to tell about lowering the cost of prescription drugs and asthma inhalers and insulin, and fighting so hard to make healthcare accessible to all.


I hear a lot about the fact that we have for the first time, or I shouldn't say the first time, but as a country seen rights and freedoms that were fought for be taken away. I think all of us think of America as a place where we advance that our state motto forward. And to see that rights and freedoms being taken away is shocking. And we don't, we're not just talking about right to access abortion. We're talking about ways in which our, you know, accessing the ballot box is becoming more difficult.


The right to unionize and organize to collectively bargain is being blocked. And so all of these rights and freedoms are more constrained these days. And people want their rights and freedoms back and they're voting about that. They're very fearful that we could lose our democracy in this election. And so that's what I'm hearing. But that's also what the Democratic agenda is all about, is making it possible for people to work hard, play by the rules and get ahead and lead a fulfilling, prosperous life.


Amen. Last, last question. How can people help you out? Where should they go if they're listening at home, they wanna volunteer, they want to give, Well start with tammy baldwin.com. Easy to remember and there's so many things people can do in terms of volunteering, in terms of amplifying our message. Yeah, go and and follow me on social media and when you see something that you think your friends might care about, spread the word good advice. And you know, maybe occasionally look at what he's saying on his website. I don't do that very much, but just sort of, you know, wow, this is what we're up against.


Certainly people can make donations. I'm running, you know, it's a multimillionaire who's running against me. He's put $13 million of his own wealth into the campaign. His brother formed a super PAC 'cause he didn't wanna be held back by the really limits. And so he's put $2 million into Must be nice a super pac. Oh my gosh. So yeah. But calling doors, all of those things, yard signs, you know, the, there's all this internal discussion in, in politics, like y'all lawn signs don't vote. Oh, we thought about this all the day. But visibility matters these days. And you know, there's people who haven't taken their Trump signs down yet.


They just crossed out Pence. We need to have a lot of visibility, especially in those parts of the state where people need to know their neighbors are sane voters. Rational voters. Yeah. They need to, they need to see that. Yeah. Trump tried to cress up Pence for good, if you know what I'm saying. Senator Baldwin Thank you so much for being here. We're all rooting for you. We Thank You, Thank you.


And we're back All. right. Let's talk about the Joe Bidin of it all yesterday. All the reporting made it seem like the president might decide to get outta the race today. The Bidin campaign basically said not so fast, the president said he'll be campaigning next week in a statement. General O'Malley Dillon Biden's campaign chair went on morning. Joe as one does to argue that they still have a path to win the campaign. Sent out a similar memo. Meanwhile, another five house Democrats and two senators, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and she, brown of Ohio called on Bidin to step aside.


Even Chris Koons, the Delaware senator who's one of the few people Bidin is reportedly still talking to, said the president is weighing who is the best candidate to win in November one member of Congress, one member of Congress who's still riding with Bidin is a OC, who I think made a, a really honest, thoughtful argument last night during an hour long live stream where she said this, I Just want people to at least come to their conclusions eyes wide open, regardless of what shakes out, we're gonna have to work harder than we've ever worked before.


Like if you're falling out of a coconut tree, God bless you if you're riding with the President, God bless. I'm not an open convention person. I think that is crazy. All you folks that are coconut pilled in the comments as you are identifying, buckle up. How many people know the coconut meme All? right. Maybe you should explain it. Oh God, how do I even explain it? What? The coconut. The coconut. The coconut. Kamala Harris. You wanna, how did you explain it? Okay. Kamala Harris.


No, I think I can do this. Kamala Harris gave a speech at one point a couple years ago where she said, do you think you just fell out of a coconut tree? We exist in the context of everything that has come before. Right? Yes. Right. I. like how you're like, how can I explain this verbatim quote? I was thinking of the ex in the context. And so, and she was like laughed after the coconut tree. And it's a very funny, it's also, she's correct. It's a good sociological analysis of the situation. But the coconut tree, so like people who want Kamala Harris to be the nominee have been putting coconut emojis all over Twitter and their bio, this is all over TikTok.


It's gone viral. It's like it's a thing. It's a thing. They are unburdened by what has been they're un, Un by. Absolutely. Yeah. Aaron, I don't know if you caught all of AOCs argument there, but what do you make of this whole mess? We've been talking about it a lot. Caught It all. Are you kidding? I just, I stayed up for 90 minutes to watch Trump. I could not stay up for another hour to watch a, I mean, Fair. Fair. That's A lot. But No, but I, I did catch some of it. And, and look, I mean I thought that she, what she really made a good point about that I thought was good was was talking about how the conversation focusing on the donors instead of the voters. Right. And and honestly I think that that's probably where President Joe Bidin is. Right? Like he's out there, well, you know, pre covid obviously, but he's out there, he's in Detroit, he's in North Carolina.


He's, he's in front of the voters and the voters seem to be with him, right? They're telling him stay in the race, don't drop out. He sees that he's in the bubble. He's thinking, if the voters are with me, what is this conversation? I can do it. I can still win. The voters are still with me. I can still do it. I think that that's a legitimate, a legitimate part of this argument that that, you know, as you know, that the party is still considering what to do as he is still trying to make that decision. And it is, you know, still ultimately his decision. Right. you know, it comes down to, for him, I think a lot of this calculation is, you know, what the voters say. 'cause the voters prove people wrong in 2020. Right. Maybe they prove people wrong Again, I don't know. Lovett And, what did you make of AOCs argument about the risks of an open convention?


I mean, we talked about this a couple weeks ago in Pote of America. And I was, I was sort of, I'm not sure I feel uncertain. I feel like anyone who has certainty is probably worth discounting and she doesn't. Right. She's, she's, I think being what's so great about this is she's having the uncertainty that this moment requires. I have the same concerns about it. I think the idea, you know, we just went through a whole thing about how we did need to have a Zoom roll call in July because some of these deadlines are not that urgent. At the same time, the idea that we're gonna have an open convention and wrap that up in time to get on all these ballots without legal challenges. I, I, I think that is also like kind of, I think too much to hope for.


The other piece of this too is the closer we get to the convention and the less planning and discussion we have about the actual practical way in which we could do this, the less realistic it is that we could do anything like that in a matter of we are now, we were saying a month, we're one month away from the convention. I also do think there's a little bit of psychology in the idea of it's not Bidin, it's not Kamala, it's someone else because it gets, it, it, it gives you the confidence of saying you don't have the liabilities of Bidin but you don't have the liabilities. There are no liabilities in your imagined perfect candidate, whoever it might be. So you get to skip over the reality that any person we put up is a person with, with the flaws and challenges a person would bring.


And so you get to like compare Joe Bidin to kind of like a miasma of Whitmer and Shapiro and Mark Kelly and, and Rafael Warnock. And it looks pretty amazing 'cause it's all of them in one, one kind of Gundam. But you also literally have a sitting vice president that is sitting right there that has been mirroring this man for three and a half years. Of course. Right. So we're talking about sitting vice president versus designated survivor. Don't know who that is. I mean, that could, you know, that could be whoever And I agree with exactly a month ago. Like, I just don't know. Yeah. I, I really wonder, you know, if, if we are talking about somebody else, why are we talking about somebody else when this person has been training for the job and the other and whoever else we're talking about would have to be in training.


It, It's like it's, It's the same broken brain shit that breaks up every relationship. 'cause you're like, I got this great person, but I don't know. I see the meme, I see the meme Tommy. I see it Tommy you okay? I'm good. Yeah, it's right there. I think the important part of what a OC said is we all have to approach this with a lot of humility. Yeah. This is unprecedented. We don't know what's gonna happen. We don't know what the right answer is. Sticking with Bidin could be the right answer. Switching a comma could be the right answer. Someone else could be the right answer. It is totally unknown and there's a huge amount of risk. And so it's just this idea that there is exact one right answer that guarantees victory is a fallacy.


Yeah. I do think it's worth playing out to the open convention point. Like what happens if, say this week Bidin decides to step aside. He ideally announces this with Kamala Harris by his side. Either he endorses her or he says something very nice about her, whatever it may be. She's the sitting vice president. You, even if I was advising Kamala Harris, right? I would think it would be best for her if she said, yeah, of course we have a month till the convention. I would like to compete with anyone who wants to compete with me for this, for this. We're, we're the Democratic party. This is democracy, let's do this. And then shortly after that, there's only a couple weeks she starts getting a bunch of endorsements, right?


The whole party starts. People will go pretty fast. And then at that point, who's gonna really challenge her with four weeks to go, she's the sitting vice president. She probably just got the endorsement of Joe Bidin. Now she's picking up steam. But the, i the the benefit of at least saying like I'm open to challengers is now she actually wins this. And she feels the sense of like real legitimacy from going through a process. And everyone else looks at it and is like, you know what? There was an open process. No one wanted to challenge her. A bunch of the party just just coalesced around her. Which I think would absolutely happen. 'cause she'd be the overwhelming front runner. And then we wrap this thing up and we go to the convention and work our asses off. It's Just, there is this like, there is this conspiracy theory, there are two conspiracy theories going around.


One is that some group of party Poz would just pass over Kamala Harris. And the other one is that the party, that's those same party PAHs will rig up for Kamala Harris. Here's the thing, the moment Joe Bidin takes says he's not running for the nomination of the Democratic Party. All of the delegates are un pledged. Yep. They can vote for anyone they want. They're unburdened by what was They're unburdened. Yes. They might have fallen out of a coconut tree. And, and so they can, Kamala Harris is gonna have to earn their votes. Some if someone else wants to run, that could be someone of great stature, like one of the governors we're talking about or senator talking about. Or it could just be literally anyone can seek the, the not the votes of that convention. And so there has to be by DNC rules, right?


An open process. Whether someone will challenge her or not is an open question. And I can see a lot of arguments why people wouldn't do that. But it is an open process for the majority of those delegates. But like, I mean, look, TI hear what you're saying, but we also have to admit that like this country is burdened by what has been, right? We have never elected a woman to be president of the United States. So like sure, she may be the most qualified and like if she's the most qualified, then she comes out on top. I, you know, at the end of an open process. But like, Wow, we're hearing again, we're leapfrogging over the sitting vice president to choose somebody else. I think we've seen kind of what happens when the person that is the most qualified, if they're a woman, that doesn't always work out.


Right? That doesn't always work out. We gotta be honest about that. So, you know, I don't know. I you would like to think that it could, should be about, you know, maybe the person's leadership, you know, maybe the person's resume, maybe the person's track record. But you know, if, if we're talking about that person being a woman, I, I think it is a different calculation and you have to, you have to acknowledge that. Yeah. I I also do think, like, I think, yes, I, I think we're talking about two scenarios in both of them. She says, I am, I am seeking the nomination. And I hope to earn this sport of the delegates. In one scenario. No one serious challenges her. And this is sort of a moot point. And she begins the campaign against Trump immediately. And by the way in that scenario, the reason no one challenges her is because they think her political position is so strong that I could not win.


Yeah. And that benefits her. Yeah. Is what I That's, that's My, yes. And the other is that there is a serious challenge. And then I actually do think this is an argument we're gonna have. Yeah. And I think she starts out ahead in that argument. And I. Think Now whether or not you want that, I, you know, I, my view is, is it worth having that fight? Do we wanna just hit the ground running right away with Kamala running hard against Trump and no one else? Or do we wanna have that fight where she comes out ahead and proves that she's the leader of this party by like, keeping what she kills? you know, I, I, I don't know. Wow. And nobody remembers the movie Triple X. That's Crazy. Oh, Not Triple X. He's in it. I don't know. And I Dunno what you're talking about.


I just think the odds that if there was a process, she is by far the overwhelming favorite. Yep. She's the best known. The polls show that she is the choice of the democratic primary voters who don't have a voice here. Yep. And also just from the delegates winning a con, an open convention, which is something we have not had to do for many, many years, is about math. And she also happens to be not just the vice president, but the vice president from California. Right. The largest democratic delegation. And so she, I struggled, I would be shocked if someone of great consequence decided to run against her in this process. That's And. I would be even more shocked if she did not beat that person who chose to run against her in that process. Yeah. And PS this is a non-starter for black women. I mean, mean, I was just at essence and these black women were like, what are we talking about?


This is not a con, this is not real. Like black women, most loyal, you know, base of the Democratic party. We know this. Right. They're gonna vote. But like, what you need is what the Democratic party needs is black women who are going to not only vote, but take their church members, their household, their sorority, whoever else they can take to the poll. Yeah. How, I mean, and voter enthusiasm, energy is a thing. Like it is, it is a thing this cycle. And you know, if, if you don't have black women on board, if if because you threw the black woman overboard. Yeah. Like you got a problem. Yeah. Yeah. God only knows what the right answer is. The only thing I wanna say is I watched that whole live earlier today.


And, I just, it was so nice. I actually don't agree with her conclusion. I didn't agree with a lot of the analysis. But hearing a member of Congress lay it all out, honestly, like warts and all and be like, here's the process, here's what I'm hearing. Here's why this whole process is fucked up and bad. It's like Thank you, Thank you for respecting the intelligence of the people watching this, your constituents, the Democratic party, and just like talking it out. It's so, that's such a better path than hiding or giving background quotes to Axios or like whatever others are doing. Yeah. And, I, And I do, yeah. And I. Just, I do wanna make two quick points. It is Chronicles of Rhetoric starring Vin Diesel. Wow. That's a, That's a good Movie.


We're back on track people. And that's a Good movie. I'm glad, I'm glad we circled back to that. That's the Sequel, right? Fact fact check. That's The Sequel Pitch. Black is the original is the sequel. But Also, So Yeah. Anyway, that's the point I wanted to make. That was the most important point that I wanted make About that. I know. So we are getting ahead of ourselves. Tommy, there's the reporting today is that there no decision has been made that Bidin is still weighing this decision. He is not. And Headed back to the campaign Trail and, and yes. And although the, it was interesting. The statement said we'll be back on the campaign trail next week we'll be talking about the, it was very, I don't know, you can read into it, but the campaign is making it seem like full speed ahead.


They had Jen out on Morning Joe, he's going to the campaign trail. What do you think is going on there with the like, no decision, but the campaign looks like it's moving full speed ahead. Jenna, O'Malley, Dillon, the campaign manager on Morning, Joe. Yeah. I mean, look, they have no choice but to proceed ahead, right? Because if you show any daylight, if there's any weakness that leads to more members of Congress saying like, oh, I see where this train is going. Let's get in front of it. Call it a parade. It leads to the donors cutting off funds. It leads to another terrible news cycle. So they're just stuck. And, I think the reality is very few people have any real information. It's like Joe Bidin, Jill Bidin, a couple close family members, one or two staffers that are kind of cloistered off.


Israeli Intelligence. Israeli intelligence, maybe the Russians, maybe the Chinese, the French have some good collection. So they're gonna figure it out. And I guess like moments like this is when I have so much empathy for the Bidin team because his campaign in his White House is really good. Like they have some of the smartest, most effective gray people in the Democratic party. Like we know them, they are our friends, they were pissed at us. We feel bad about that. But like they are in an impossible position. They are trying to figure out a path forward when no one knows what that path is. So they're gonna be professionals, they're gonna do their jobs, they're gonna keep doing what it takes to win.


And then Joe Biden's gonna make a decision. Which brings me to Dan. I saved the easy question for you. It is getting pretty late. This has now been going on for three weeks. More Democrats are expected to come out next week calling on Bidin to step aside if Bidin stays, digs in congressional Democrats stay dug in. Like what happens? What what? We're in a standoff here. Where you got, where you got four weeks to the convention. Ultimately this is Joe Biden's decision, which he claims to have made. And he keeps saying he's made it and no one keeps listening to him. Are You sure? Are you sure? I mean, like what if he did We keep looking for something that is not there. Like there has never yet been real solid reporting that he himself is open to changing his mind.


There's reporting that people around him have recognized the inevitability of the decision. There's been reporting that members of his family have at least considered if he were to make a decision how he might decide, announce that decision. But nothing that Joe Bidin himself has done. And no, we've, we've gotten detailed readouts from a lot of phone calls that have been happening with President Bidin now the last week. And the reason we're getting those detailed readouts is 'cause in those phone calls, Joe Bidin is at no point is against any doubt about it. But it is his decision. So he can, he can do this if he wants to do it, and no one can stop him. I do, however, believe we have now crossed the Rubicon where it is not possible to run an effective campaign under these circumstances.


The donors have left, they have shifted their money to the House and the Senate because they are, they believe that Joe Bidin is unlikely to win. and they want to do everything they possibly can to set up a bulwark against complete maga control of our government. And that would be in the House or the Senate. And just imagine how this campaign works if he continues as we are here, right? He's gonna go to Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and put the vulnerable senators and Senate candidates in those states in the position every single day, every during, every trip of deciding how they're gonna respond to the President. That puts 'em in a, in a, in a, an impossible position. How do you run when most of the Democrats, including the leaders, have indicated publicly or quasi publicly that they don't want you to run like he can do it.


And maybe there's a way that I cannot conjure in my brain, but that campaign can be successful. But it feels to me like a very, very dangerous death spiral that lents itself to a landside Trump victory that brings the house in the Senate with him. And so it is his choice. And if they have a plan for how to navigate these waters and to do it in a way that Joe Bidin can execute, they really have to lay that out. 'cause as we sit here today, I just can't see and every day that we are not running a race against Donald Trump, it's a day we will never, ever get back. And if, and if Kamala Harris is going to be our nominee, we want her out there yesterday, not 10 days from now.


And so


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers and every Wednesday on my show the deck, I dive into the coldest of cold cases. I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light. And that listener could be you. Listen to the deck now. Wherever you get your podcasts,


You can host the best backyard barbecue and you find a professional on Angi to make your backyard the best around. Connect with skill professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs, to renovations. Get started on the Angi app or visit Angi dot com today. You can do this when you Angi that.


Hey guys, our new book Democracy or Else How to Save America in 10 Easy Steps is finally out and available. Now at this point, we all know we're up against American democracy and is in crisis. And that can feel daunting. That's why in democracy or else we broke down all the lessons we learned from years working on campaigns and hosting Pod, Save America into 10 steps. You need to get informed to get involved, to get off the sidelines. And it's not just a useful step-by-step guide to get you through this year. It is packed full of jokes and unhinged illustrations that will keep you laughing and save you from drowning in your sense of existential dread. Thank you again to everyone who's bought the book so far. Crooked Media is donating its profit to support food safe America in progressive campaigns in 2024.


So the book is already making a difference. And if you haven't ordered your copy yet, there's no better time than now. Or head to crooked.com/books to grab yours now. It's been a psychologically grueling week. We gotta bring Ben back out. Oh, let's bring Ben back out. Ben, you take my spot. I'm gonna come over Here. I remember how it all works. Hi Ben. Hi John. You at the beach earlier or something?


Unbelievable. It's been grueling watching the Republican National Convention, And I. And there's something I always turn to for self-soothing. It's called dairy. Luckily we're in Wisconsin, unfortunately we're in Wisconsin for the RNC. So tonight we must bridge the divide between our greatest love Wisconsin and it's dairy and something we dislike the Republican Party. And we're gonna do it all in a game. We're calling cheese, cheese, cheese, Cheese, cheese, cheese. Don prove I'm wrong. Terrific. Can I just note that in Wisconsin we are proud that when the temperature goes above 40, we put on our flip Flops.


Yes. That's what we Do in Wisconsin. A little, a little esprit up. Well, you, you thought, okay, coastal elite, You live your truth. Live your truth. It's true. I am a member of the coastal elite, but I eat like a Wisconsinite with nothing to lose. Alright, so here's how works. I'm divide you into teams. The teams will be Aaron and John versus Ben Tommy and Dan, I'm gonna ask you Wisconsin trivia.


Some of it will be about dairy, some of it will be about Republicans. Alright, feel good About this. They it. Ben, we getler. Fuck. It's a ringer. It's a Ringer. Well, somebody here, Ben, We're gonna be okay. Feel good about this, Ben, you're gonna help both teams. No, that's okay. No Aaron And I are gonna do it. We're gonna win on our own. We can All, right? All right? Sounds like you're not happy with any option. Sounds like a Democrat to me. Alright, let's start with Ben Tommy and Dan, between 1895 and 1967, Wisconsin outlawed which product forcing residents to smuggle it in from across state lines. A cough syrup, B margarine, C, root beer, or D lube.


We'll take margarine. That Is correct. Wow. Wow. The state banned the manufacturer and sale of, of yellow margarine to protect dairy farmers. And that ban remained in place for 72 years. Aaron and John, what, 1965 incident precipitated the end of the margarine ban A. A staunchly anti margarine state. Senator agreed to take a blind taste test of margarine and butter and failed it. B, a deep pocketed margarine magnate funded her full renovation of the state Capitol. CA butter warehouse exploded, or D Rock Hudson appeared in a sexy magazine ad his naked torso. Slathered in margarine. Holy Shit. It's like maybe B The A Found a friend.


A What was that? What was a A was a staunchly anti margarine state. Senator agreed to a blind taste test. That's The right one. Hey, A, a subtle Thank. you Tim Thank you. We appreciate you. What the fuck was that? Your can shout out to them. Tim. Who that what the, you want us to have fun up here or you wanna just be be smart. Wow. Hey it, You got it. We got this. GP State Senator Gordon Rosalie failed a blind taste test. It later came out that his wife had been secretly serving him margarine instead of butter for years. Damn. Wow. Sometimes it'll be your own people Call is coming from inside the house.


Exactly. Margarine. Yuck. Alright, All. right. What percentage is this for Ben? Dan and Tommy, what percentage of Wisconsin milk is made into cheese? 50%. 75%. 25% or 90%? 75% Cheese. Jesus. We're going big. We're going for 90%. Wow. Correct. Wow. Wow. This game is called jeez. Cheese. Cheese. Cheese people. Two Point. I just want to point out that when you ask that question, a hush fell over the crack.


It really did. I literally, people usually ask the question, people go, Ooh, It's 'cause people were worried like, what if there's not enough cheese? Right. But it turns out there's enough cheese. 2.8 billion pounds of cheese a year. Ah, yay. Cheese All. right. Aaron and John, how many varieties of cheese does Wisconsin produce? Is it a 50 B, a hundred C 300, or D 600? How much cheese? C Incorrect. It is D 600. Wow. That's so more than Double. That's the cheese that the next Che estate California produces.


Yeah, that's right. That's, We don't talk about that. Those fag don't know shit about cheese. Sorry. Wow. Guess I have to stick around. I have not tried all the cheeses. That's A lot of cheese. Wow. I have work to do. John knows About cheese. What'd you say? Wow. What does that, what You said I know about cheese. What does she know about you? About Cheese? You said Thank. you I feel SI seen your show before baby. I feel seen Ben Tommy and Dan. True or false, Wisconsin has a total of 10 festivals dedicated entirely to cheese. At least. At least.


Ooh. It might be false because it's too few. That's right. Ah, Wow. That's right. you know what that is? My friends game theory. I like the, by the way, the best that we could do is at least 13, which is a little bit like, Hey, Wisconsin, how many cheese festivals do you have? 13. That I know of. All. right? We're moving on to Republican trivia. Deal with it. Oh, it's the world. We exist in the context. Aaron and Aaron and John on Tuesday. Rudy Giuliani did what on camera at the RNC.


Did He? Oh, oh, he fell. He tripped. Yeah, he did. He Did. He tripped. Yeah. He, he blundered into a row of chairs. We have the clip. I think, I don't think we should show this. This Is not cheese related. Was he looked? Wow. It's a bummer. I regret this. I regret this. I regret this. I is that I honestly, Is that a cheese favorite? What did it Have to do with cheese? I shifted from, I shifted from Schaden Freud to just pure sadness on Rudy when he got overheard. And Mar-a-Lago saying that his life is a living nightmare. Cheese And in karma. Alright. Ben Tommy and John and Dan, I know your name during a live interview from the RNC floor with CNN who said about Matt Gaetz.


He's got an ethics complaint for paying a 17-year-old McCart. Kevin McCarthy. You got it. Let's skip the clip. We've all seen it All. right? We can show it now. It's over. Play it, Play it Part that you have tonight. And the other part you have is one person who raised the issue. He's got an ethics complaint about paying, sleeping with a 17-year-old. So that's the way they go. So that's, that's the biggest challenge we have. That guy is bitter Though. Kevin McCarthy and Matt Gaetz I like that. They have a hatred towards each other that isn't political. It's they truly hate each other. Personal on a deeply personal level. Yeah. Yeah. And they're just, People respond to authenticity, you know?


Yeah, they do. They Do. Maybe it wasn't all about unity after all. I, I, I forgot About that. Oh. yeah. Right out there. John and Aaron this year, a, an English bulldog stole the hearts and minds of the RNC owned by West Virginia. Governor Jim Justice. What is the name of that dog? I'll give you? Is it a Mr. Chomp? B Daniel Texas C sneakers or D baby dog. Baby dog. It Is. It's baby Dog. My side, Daniel's side. Daniel Texas. I know that a lot of you want to meet my little buddy, so if baby dog can come on out here, she makes us smile. Oh my God. Baby dog. She loves So funny.


Honestly, best part of the RNC, It really was. Baby dog was a highlight of the Week. That guy saying you could meet my little buddy. He could end a lot different. you know what I mean? Yeah. Look at these. I love just I. like when dogs look like they're owners, it's so sweet. I I mean it in the best way. Look at these two. Huh? I hope baby dog got some cheese. The governor should be in a motorcycle and the dogs should be in a fucking side car. All. right? Wow. And you know what that sound means? I don't. Absolutely. I'm, I'm terrified. Jesus.


What? It's time for lightning round. We are calling Truth or Dairy. There it is. Yes. Bring out the dairy. What is happening? Thank, you sir. How long has that milk been out? Bring Out the lactate. Correct. Alright. Truth. I don't need to hear. I don't need to hear any questions. Truth. Okay. Here's what's gonna happen. I'm actually gonna take some lactate.


I hate this. I'm gonna ask you each truth or dare questions. You can either choose to answer it truthfully or make me consume dairy. That's right. Tonight I am the designated milk martyr. Wow. I alone will bear the brunt of your skipped dares because I am brave like a lion. And because I figured you wouldn't wanna drink all this dairy, at least not as much as I wanted to. All. right. And we're gonna work our way up from skim on the way all the way to, I think it goes from skim to yogurt. Is that cottage cheese? Yeah. What?


Oh, I'm ready for this game. Okay, let's start with John. John, yes. Who actually did an incredible job with their RNC speech. An incredible job. Yeah. Who do you thought to give of an amazing speech? You can also say dairy. You know what I think, I think Kai Trump did a pretty Good job. Kai Trump did do a really good job. She was great. All. right? I'll just drink some Skimm. Was that drinking dairy? Just 'cause you wanted some milk, right? Yeah. Was he right? The truth?


I approve of that. Well, I'm just, I'm having skimmed to get started. All. right. Aaron, you're up next. What is something you like about JD Vance? Oh, boo. Usha. I was gonna say Usha Vance's introduction speech was very endearing. Humanized him. Really did. Ben, what's something you like about JD Vance? I have a thing, but I wanna watch you drink more dairy. Yeah. All. right? Let's do some whole milk. I'm bring it into a cup. 'cause I don't wanna Waze. I skipped oat.


I skipped oat. Ah. This is hard to watch. Beautiful. That's Beautiful to see. Ben, do you remember when I drank aquar of chocolate milk while you made a case for Wisconsin Democrats? Oh. yeah. I'll, I'll never forget it. Tommy, you're up About What is About James? What Is, what is some harsh feedback you wanna say to baby dog? Wow. Let's get another photo of baby dog up there. So you need to rip this dog to fucking shred My, I watching this. My biggest fear was this sweet, adorable, loving, absolutely portly dog.


Was gonna jump off the chair and break its little tiny legs. You need longer legs. Baby dog. Baby dog's. Not healthy. Can we be honest about it? Yeah. No, not at, no. Does that count? Yeah. Drink some shit. Okay. Butter Buttermilk. Oh my god. Buttermilk. Oh my God. I have to look away for this part. I Hate this. Is that buttermilk? Oh, dude. Buttermilk. Tell me when it's over. Y'all.


Dan, you have to kiss one RNC speaker on the lips. Who are you? Who's it gonna be? I mean, it's a tough choice. Can I just say dairy or I have to answer? Yeah, you can say dairy. I'll drink some of the milk. Or if you had to pick it, have to be baby dog, right? Yeah. Baby dog. Baby Dog. Yeah. Is that the buttermilk? That's Actually really tough. It's kind of interesting. It's like sour. Ah, stop it. That is terrible. I'm still doing it. Oh my God. Not, not really a sipping beverage.


John, back to you. Which of Trump's kids would you choose to spend a full day with at a cheese festival? and you can't pick Tiffany And you Can't What? No. Tiffany. Oh shit. And you know what? I'm taking Baron off the table. Fuck Dairy. Oh, dairy. Oh, oh God. Oh no sour Cream. Okay. Don't, Don't do it. Don't. I agree. I agree. Oh, that's a, that was a big bite. This is so rough. Wow. We're Proud of you. John Thank You for your service. I Want him to puke. Oh my gosh. Oh man.


Aaron, what are your genuine thoughts on the don't step on me and MAGA ball gowns that popped up in Milwaukee this week. Will you admit? Will you admit, oh my God. Will you admit here and now that they are to some extent serving? Will you admit it here and now that despite, put your politics aside. No, come on. Especially the one on the left. The Gadsden flag. Listen, if nothing else, they were getting these fits off this week. They were. I mean, look, this is a statement. It's a statement. It's a statement that was made this week.


They don't get to wear this, you know, back home to Target. But here, here Milwaukee was their runway. Yeah. Yeah, That's true. It was. I have to, I have to give it to 'em. Milwaukee was was a runway. and they were serving, It was their beautiful, hardened, thickened runway. Thickened. It was All. right? I feel gross. I guess that's our game. Wow. All, right? What a finish. What a finish. What Was that? What was that about? That's our chae for tonight. John Thank, you I wanna interrupt for one second. Yes, do it. Alright. Wait. I'll wait.


Wait. You can pitch for as long as it takes me to drink. What? There's A lot of dairy left on that, on that table. Let's, we'll Do two. We'll do two. This is A Tradition that we have. We'll do 2%. Hold on. You'll do the pitch while I do 2%. I'm not drinking this whole thing. I'll die All. right. I'll drink a cup. All. right. You tell me when, John. You have as long as it takes for me to drink this cup. Cup. Did you mix That with the buttermilk? It's, yeah. It's a little, little bit of buttermilk for For texture, for texture. All. right? I have a cup of 2%. Make your pitch. We've known doom and gloom. We remember when Wisconsin looked like a red state. How many people here organized and fought to make sure we beat Scott Walker, that we elected Joe Bidin, that we reelected Governor Evers.


That we reelected and won those Supreme Court races. And now we are gonna win this November. If it's Joe Bidin and Kamala Harris on the ballot, who's voting for them this November? Who's gonna do it? Who's gonna organize, who's gonna do the work? And we have an election on, I'm just going. We have an election on August 13th. Constitutional amendments, Republican power grabs. We are gonna stop them from ripping up our constitution this August, and we're gonna do the same thing this November. People politics is not a spectator sport. You can have opinions about the quarterback, but we are players in this game. Every person here, everyone listening, has the power to turn out voters. And when we work, we win.


Woo. Yeah, we do. Go to wi stems.org. Make a donation. Help the Wisconsin Democratic Party. Thank you, Ben Wickler, Thank you, Aaron Haynes, Thank you, Tammy Baldwin, Thank you, Madison. If you wanna get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at crooked.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our show is produced by Olivia Martinez and David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Mia Kelman, David Tolls, KIRO Aviv, and Molly Lobel.


Hey, this is Jeff Lewis from Radio Andy Live and Uncensored catch me talking with my friends about my latest obsessions, relationship issues and bodily ailments. With that kind of drama that seems to follow me, you never know what's going to happen. You can listen to Jeff Lewis live at home or anywhere you are. Download the Sirius X STEM app for over 425 channels of ad free music, sports, entertainment, and more. Subscribe now and get three months free. Offer details apply.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. And one thing I've learned is that you buy a house but you make it a home. Because with every fix, update, and renovation, it becomes a little more your own. So you need all your jobs done well. For nearly 30 years, Angi has helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter. From plumbing to electrical roof repair, to deck upgrades. So leave it to the pros. Who will get your jobs done? Well, hire high quality certified pros at Angi dot com.