
This show is sponsored by Better Help. What are some relationship green flags? Those are positive actions or traits in your partner and loved ones. We hear about red flags often that we should avoid. But what do we focus more on? Looking for green flags and friends and partners. If you're not sure what they look like, therapy is there to help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy in yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. Hey, Tommy. Mm. What are some of my green flags to you? Boundless enthusiasm. Sure. Hilarious. Wow. Whip smart. This sucks. Sick body. I ha Oh wow. Great hair. Sick body. Great hair. But the, the hair I bought. The hair I, the hair I, there is a doctor that gets a green flag for the hair. Well, Tommy, I, I just really like the cut of your jib. Better Health. It's fully online. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills. How does have boundaries and empowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't just for those who've experienced trauma. It's true. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. You can access a diverse network, more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties. Everybody needs therapy. Especially you discover your relationship Green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/psa.


Today, the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can, bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Lovett. We're up and running with our Sunday shows. These episodes are gonna be coming out every other weekend. We'll give John, Tommy, Dan, and me a chance to have deeper conversations with a range of interesting people. My guest this week is television host, political commentator and standup comedians. Bill Maher. Welcome Bill. That's the audience cheering. Oh yeah. That's The huge, yeah. What, what do you do if you have a guest who has no arms? Well, we have, we do have Mics. How, how did that, oh, then you just put it on there. We go To a boom mic. Could I get that? You want the boom Mic? No, I'm kidding. I'm just fucking with you. No, it's an important, honestly, that's why you're here. No one's ever asked us that question before, But after an hour, doesn't your arm get tired of holding the mic?


I shouldn't say that. I've been a standup committee in my whole life. All I do is stand on stage and all the Time you hold mic, you can switch hands, but it's Different when you stand. You Don't hold the microphone. Yeah, I do. So, I'm sorry. You're okay. You got this. Go ahead. Ask me your hard hitting questions. I'll stop interrupting. I started. Alright. Welcome to you. Okay, that's done. Okay. We like to start each episode with a land acknowledgement. We are on the land once occupied by Jeffrey Katzenberg and Quibi. That's funny. I did a, I just did a special on HBO and I did a whole thing about land acknowledgement. And I mean, it is just the epitome of, and I see that at the recent DNC meeting.


They still did it. Yeah. Like talk about not getting, not getting it after the election laws. Yeah. I thought you might not like a land acknowledgement. No. I mean, they still actually did it for real. Well, You know, teach your own. Yeah. I mean, keep going down that road and, you know, see where it leads you. But, you know, it's just PE people are not politically savvy, I don't feel in America, but they have, they, they know when you're full of shit and it's like, you know, land acknowledgement. Either give it back or shut the fuck up. Yeah. I think is what most people are thinking. Yeah. I thought I might touch you off. Seems like it worked. All right, so now I wanna start with this because I just realized that politically incorrect is about to be 30 years old.


More because it started in 93 and I think we're in 25 Started 93. Yeah. Well, I remember watching it. I would, it was, it was on Comedy Central then it moved to a bbc. Correct. But I could only watch it because Comedy Central read re aired it in the afternoons. I Didn't know that. And so I would it, it see it, it has to be true. But I would come home from school. Wow. And I would watch it every day when I got home from School. Well, I did it for the kids. It Did felt like that. It felt like that. I mean, some nights it did. Yeah. Some nights it was just so ridiculous. Well, I, it was very, I was, I actually was thinking about it. It was very formative for me.


And I went back and I watched the first episode of Politically Incorrect, the very first one, the very first episode Who was on Jerry Seinfeld. Right. And Jerry se you, you asked That's right. You asked Jerry Seinfeld about a question about whether or not pedophiles should have to have signs on their lawns. And it gives you this look. Like I'm here as a fucking favor. I do jokes about Corn Flakes. That's funny. What are you Doing to me? That's hysterical. I don't remember. I remember Jerry, of course, such a great friend forever. Great guy. Never changed. Absolutely. And he was at, you know, the, the, his show was doing great. So it was, it was a great favor.


And I don't remember the question about the, but we didn't ask questions. We, we presented topics on that old show. Every question I wrote, the, that first season I had, I wrote, wrote them all myself, word for word. I did. We even have writer. I think we had a couple, but we had, like, this is before the people looked shit up on the internet. Like we had researchers. Yeah. You know, who had to like, go to the stacks or something. I don't know. It seems like it was from the Middle Ages. But we would just pre I would present a provocative, not not saying things that I didn't believe or think should be discussed. I wasn't just doing it for the sake. And it would always end with, does anybody have a problem with that?


And when we put out a book from the show, it was called, you Know, the Best of Politically Incorrect. Does anybody have a problem with that? So like, pedophiles stand on. What was it they should Stand on, put a sign in their lawn, something to that effect. I mean, don't they kind of do that anyway now? I mean, it isn't, don't you have to register? And I think that's what this was about. It was about registering, right. People being, it was about public shaming and who should be shamed and who shouldn't be shamed. It's very nineties John, isn't it so fucking quaint that we lived in an era where that was the kind of problem as opposed to the things, the shit show that's going on now. Well that's, and the things that are so much more existential shall we say? Well, yeah, I, not that it isn't an issue, but come on.


No, there was, There was something about it. And that's why I, I wanted to get to it and we'll get to it because Seinfeld is like, what the fuck am I doing here? And then, and, and like, and then Ed Rollins, who was Perot's campaign Ed Rollins. Yeah. It was like very He was, it was, it was, yes. And it really like put me, like, put me back into a different time. But there is one moment where Seinfeld lights up 'cause it was about polling and focus grouping and how, whether it was valuable or not valuable. And suddenly there really was an interesting moment between, there was Many interesting moments. No, I'm saying what sort of backhanded uncomment is that Just so unbelievable. Take a compliment. I'm saying I'm watching the episode and all of a sudden the pilot, you suddenly see the magic that you were trying to get in this show.


I wasn't saying it was the only moment. I'm saying there was a moment amongst several. Okay. Are you okay? Not really, but Okay, fine. I don't Care where all of a sudden you have Ed Rollins and you have Jerry Seinfeld talking about what they both know about, which is polling and focus grouping and where it works and where it doesn't work. Right. And I, what I was wondering is what you were trying to get out of having comedians and celebrities sitting across from politicians and experts. I I, I always de described it as a designed train wreck. That's why it was funny. And as you say, sometimes there was great enlightenment from that. The idea was everyone in America votes.


We all get to vote. Whether we're Harvard educated, although a few people are that stupid, or you know, the lowliest mechanic who's only finished eighth grade or something. We all get to vote. We don't all know the same thing or come from the same background, but this is a democracy and let's pair the least likely people to ever be in the same room together at the same cocktail party and have them talk. And Yeah. What was great about that show was that when it was good at, like you said, there were moments that were really good, but even when it was bad, it was like the bad was kind of good.


Its uncomfortable Was interesting. Right. It really, well, I really did watch it every day when I got over from school. Yeah. And I mean, some nights it was so awful. It was like you had to, you reveled in the awfulness. The, but there was, you know, you talk about how things have changed and I, and I wanna talk about how the media's changed and also how the parties have changed. But in terms of the media, there was an episode where it's really interesting you brought on Sarah Silverman and you brought on this. What? No, I'm just the, I mean, I love Sarah and she's still a friend, but I mean, just, it's just funny to hear these names from the past. And I don't remember her on, on that show. I remember her on real time. But, but so she was On, she was on.


Well, what was really interesting must Have been really young. She was. And it was, and you brought her on and an activist, he was an Asian American activist who was Oh yes. Angry about a joke she told that used the word chink. I think that was real time. I don't think that was pol No, No. It's politically incorrect. Okay. I'm sure of it. And it was really important to you. You know, they'd both been criticizing each other in public and gone back and forth. Well, can I give you a little of the history? Yeah. Sarah made a joke. You know, look, it was a different era. I think she has since Mia coupled about that she's gone back on a lot of stuff. You know, she, she says she, she went more toward like, oh no, I shouldn't have said that.


As opposed to some comics who were like, we've gotten too sensitive. That would be me. Right? Yeah. Clearly. Okay. Yeah, no, I I get that. Yeah. And we have Right. And I'm right about that. Sure. Okay. That's easy. But, you know, all Right. But you know, she, everybody has their truth. Well, probably we, she have thought about it. Like, just take it a take in the most generous sense. I'm just saying she thought about it and evolved out. Even if we Wouldn't do it today, do we have to go back and dig up the past and yell at ourselves when here's the thing. Like whatever it was back then, like most people were okay with it. It wasn't mean-spirited. She got in trouble also once for a sketch she did, which was an anti-racist sketch.


Okay. But we sort of glossed over nuance at a certain point. And so, you know, I I don't know if it was necessary to be like, I'm, I'm history's greatest monster 'cause I did this. Like, no, I thought I was doing the right thing. And at the time, usually nobody else said anything. So it was obvious that's where the country was. Anyway, she did a joke with some sort of Asian reference. I don't remember what it was. And the person from the Asian, you know, The media organization that was critical of the way Right. Asian people were portrayed, Right? Correct. He objected and so I guess I had them on to hash it out. Yes. And, and look, I, I think people evolve. I, I like, you know, they, they went back and like stopped airing certain episodes of the Golden Girls and cut things out of certain shows.


And I think that's ridiculous, right? Because there's let's just, this was the past and it was different. Even though shows are look modern and maybe, and we should be able to see those things mean that's obvious. But, but, but I wanted to, The Golden Girls there, There was a pretty racist episode, the Golden Girls. But let's just, there was, but it, but I think let people see it. Who cares? I, but I'm not, I'm not talking about that. I wanna talk about this specific episode. I'm for sure. And like, when they're like putting warnings on Go on, gone With the Wind, it's like Gone With the Wind sucks. But not because it's racist. It is racist. That's not why it sucks. It's awesome. It doesn't suck. Okay. But we'll get back to it. We'll get back to going with The Wind. We'll talk about movies at the end. I just, let's, let's challenge our assumptions. But the, the, the reason I bring up the Sarah Silverman moment, who I love and think is an incredible comedian, and she's sharp in that and debate as well, is it was really important in that moment where you said, you know what, let's have the debate right here and have it in front of everybody and let people hash it out.


And, and you talk about how things are different and what's striking is like, you think about that moment. And there wasn't public forums for people to have debates. There was television, there was radio and television. Some, you know, newspaper op-eds. People could write a letter to the editor. Sure. But for the most part, political conversations on television weren't about, or next to the political culture. They were the political culture. And if you got people together and had the debate, it would, the, the 1000 people that got to have an opinion on television would see it and it would impact them. Right. And there was a, you could, you could really feel the impact of debate. And we don't live in that world anymore. It's a very different world We do on my show. Well that's, I I love doing that.


I mean, and, and you're right, most shows don't do that. I mean, you don't see much debate on cable news. I mean, CNN has a panel, but, you know, I, that guy who I, what did I call him Lonely Scott, the, the one lonely Scott, what is his name? Yeah. Some, anyway, Lonely Scott Jennings. That what we're talking about. Yes, yes. Scott Jennings. It's Like six people. And then after, like they all, whatever they're gonna say. And usually I agree with those people. Then Lonely Scott gets to talk. But, you know, I do like having a, an actual debate. I mean, this idea that they have some people that you shouldn't platform, you know, I mean, I, I've lost fans certainly, and even like people who were friends, kind of because they were so mad at me that I had on real time people like Ted Cruz and Bill Barr.


Okay. He was the attorney general. You know, I'm not gonna talk to this man. Yeah. I, we, we, we've talked about that here. And I think in the early years of this company, we were much more reluctant in part because we were trying to, I think be it just a platform for progressive voices. But as we've grown, we've realized that we want to have more conservative voices on to challenge them because we want to be at the center of that kind of a debate. And maybe be challenged and maybe, and of course, be challenged and of course be challenged. But the reason, and I'm not one of them, you know, they think the the far left thinks I am. I, I'm, I I put out a book and a standup special in the last six months, both to make the point and in great detail.


You've changed, not me. Yeah. I'm, I, I wanna, I wanna come back to that in a second. I wanna stay on debate only because what I felt when I was watching those old episodes is a kind of nostalgia for a culture where debate mattered. Like you still do the kinds of debates you did back then, though, you do with more kind of serious people. There's fewer Correct. Christine O'Donnell's Popping up. That's the difference, right? It's not Carrot top with Bob Dole. Well, there was another on that episode where Sarah Silverman and this activist are talking at what point, I forgot he was even there. David Spade was sitting there in fucking silence and you turned to David Spade and you're like, so David Spade, what do you think? And he's like, fuck you, bill.


How about that? I don't wanna be here. What am I doing here? I'm in Tommy Boy. Why are you asking me this really hard question? That's always what was So, I mean, you said Seinfeld basically had the same reaction. Yeah. Like, what am I doing here? Yeah. But you know, when you drag people out of their comfort zone, it does produce a kind of real television that unfortunately Yeah. You don't, you don't get a lot. And, and of course, you know, it's not everybody's cup of tea. Yeah. It used to exist more in the, like the old, before they went live to tape, when like Carson was truly live and there were just, things would go wrong. Right. There'd Be no, Carson was not live When there would be like moments early on in the early years and there'd Yeah, you got, you got like, just like drunks on the stage and they're, and he's like, I gotta get outta here.


Drunks. There was an episode where like, I wanna say like Peter, what's his name? Peter Lawford. Peter Lawford and two other people in a movie that we've all forgotten are on their promotional tour. And they're just drunk. They're just drunk on that Stage. I just don't think they thought it was that awful. And by the way, it's happened since then. I don't know if you remember the Cheers finale. I'm not sure what year that would be. Cheers. But I remember that when they were all just bl bl blitzed Blitz to the Guild, That was good stuff. This is Leno hosting. And they were, you know, just falling all each other over each other on the couch drooling and laughing. And I mean, poor Jay was like, he was not in on the private jokes between this cast who were in an emotional state.


Yeah. After doing this groundbreaking show for 10 years or whatever it was. And now they had their finale and then they had their party and now they're on with Jay. And they were so, I don't, I Think think there, I think they, they talked later about how there the mistake was there. There wasn't a meal there. There needed to be food. Yeah. I mean, they were young and drunk and it's funny. Drunk is funny. Drunk is funny. Yeah. Drunk is funny. But No, But I mean, it's not just course it can be sad, but we don't have to always just dwell on the sad. No, Dean Martin was funny. Yeah. And he wasn't even really drunk A lot of the times. He was really drunk. There was a no, I don't think he was. Hmm. I think he, I think that was a big myth. You think? Yes. I I, he, yes.


I think that was a, an act. He, he, Dean was like, he played golf and then he was in bed at nine. He was that guy. Wow. Maybe when he was younger. I don't know. Frank was a big drinker. Hmm. Yeah. There was a, I sometimes think that like, the reason there's such a focus on cancel culture is because it used to be more fun to be a celebrity, but you could drive your car through a plate glass window and like tip somebody 500 bucks and nobody heard about it. Yeah. Frank and Ava shot up Palm Springs once and it was just like, Just under the rug. Well, I mean there's the people do things today. I mean, Kanye, come on. Well He's not exactly. We know about it. I know, but like, he wasn't canceled for it. He did. He said Hitler was, I love Hitler and nobody pulled his Super Bowl ad like three days later.


So It seems like you think cancel culture is needed. I'm just saying, some people get away with shit that other people don't. It's very uneven.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Do you ever feel like you're not making the most of your money? Yes. If you're leaving it all in savings or if you're just spending it or leaving a checking account, you're definitely not making the most of your money. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you can create an Acorns account and start investing in just five minutes. Financial wellness doesn't have to feel impossible. Acorns gives you small, simple steps to get you and your money on track. Basically. Acorn says the hard parts so you can give your money a chance to grow. Here's what I'd say to you guys. I remember when I left the administration, I had no savings. I had no investments, anything. I didn't have a 401k or an IRA or anything. I said the thrift savings from the government. Savings from the government. I had that too. And it Felt really hard to do. And it felt scary to open something. And then I did it and it was super easy. And this was a different service 'cause it was a decade ago. But Acorns has made it exponentially easier. So what you gotta do, you gotta sign up for Acorns. You gotta start saving now and you'll be so, so glad you did it Later on when you retire, because interest compounds and that is your friend. Sign up now and join the over 13 billion all-time customers who have already saved, invested over $22 billion with Acorns. Head to acorns.com/crooked or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid Don client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier three compensation provided investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC, registered investment advisor view important disclosures at acorns.com/crooked.


Today, the Beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices the better.


Where's your head on social media right now? What do you mean? Well, Like is it, are are you using it? I, you know, I feel conflicted about it. I think it's a corrupt force destroying the human soul. But I also get good recipes from it. Good recipes. Yeah. TikTok, you get good recipes. It was a viral Turkish pasta I made. Have you heard about the viral Turkish pasta? Yeah. No. I'm from a different generation and I got, I got shit ton of money. I got cooks and chefs. Oh, I don't need social media. I got assistance. Wow. I'm so glad that I'm that I, I, yeah, sounds good. It's, it's awesome. It is. And it just seems like a bunch of hatred and vitriol and Yes, of course.


Can you learn things? I don't have enough time in the day to read and absorb the things I do want to read and absorb. Right. You know, I want to read the New York Times, even though I, it's not the paper I grew up with and it's crazy slanted. But I also want to read Andrew Sullivan and I want to read the free press. And I want, I, I don't, I'd rather be in that world Yeah. Of smart people. I wanna listen to your podcast and Sam Harris's podcast, you know, smart, engaging conversation mostly from people who are not ideologically captured. That's what I want to immerse myself in. I don't want to immerse myself in that world.


And I'm just very bad at technology. I, it's not native to me because of when I grew up. I'm, I'm 70 basically. You're 70. Not really, but I'm saying that because I'm, it's next year and I can't, 69 is a funny bit in my special about that when you're 69, it's just everybody just puts their elbow on your ribs. Like, it's funny and it's just a terrible number. So. Oh. 'cause 'cause of the sexual position. That's my bit is like, Is it 'cause because of putting, 'cause you flip around and then it's head to general. Everyone Like talks about it as if anyone has ever done it or enjoyed it or can do it. It's a multitasking thing that you can't do.


We've all tried. I've tried. It doesn't work. You know, if someone, you can't go down on a girl while she's sucking your dick. I just can't think about it. Just too hard. Anyway, that's the point about that. So yes, I was gonna Get to 69 ing later, but we've just covered it so I think we can move on. Yes. The point is like, I'm not native to a lot of this stuff and the more I, I mean, how many books does Jonathan ha have to put out about it? How many times do I have to have guests who talk about how, how awful and vitriolic it is and what it's doing to young kids? Why would I jump into this Pool? Right. No, that seems right. I mean, if there's one turd in the pool, bad enough. This just seems like a pool of turds.


Yeah, I think that's right. I think you don't need to go there, especially with the chef. 'cause then you don't need the recipes. 'cause I go for the Recipes. Definitely don't need the recipes. You should tell your chef about the viral Turkish pasta. I don't eat pasta. And you don't eat pasta? No. Is that a keto thing? What are we eating? What? Well, we're not eating carbs. Like, not bread, not pasta, not rice. Wow. I mean, occasionally, you know, I'm not a crazy person, but No, just, I, I wouldn't wanna keep that around the house or have them, someone's gonna cook for me. They're gonna cook good. You know? Right. I, I've said to her, look, I'll never get mad at you if I, if I don't like, if it's not an appealing dish, I'll only get mad at you if it's not healthy.


And do you worry about losing touch? Nope. No. Not at all. No. Really? I, I like, what should I be going to Ralph's? And that would elucidate me somehow on maybe, Well, here's what, here's what I actually think I do go to the supermarket once in a while. Here's like, I do like to purposely see what's, what's out there and see if there's food out there. Especially that I'm not aware of that they, you know, because, you know, I don't, I don't know. Yes, you do have to do that, but I am not out of touch. No. Well the, there's a lot of new kinds of Oreos. They're doing new flavors all the time. Yeah. Oreos. I wouldn't eat. I already made that decision about Oreos decades ago. Oh no.


Oreos. That's too bad. Well, you know what, when you're 70, first of all, you're on a much shorter leash health wise. You gotta be very, you can stay Exactly. And live exactly as you always did. It's funny, when I was your age, I would've never thought I'd be like this at 70. I thought life would be completely different because that's how Americans presented. Like, you're completely decrepit and you're like one foot in the grave. And my father was, you know, he would go out to the basketball court, the court, the driveway and shoot one basket and be like, oh. And he was 53 or something. It just doesn't have to be that way still. I found out when I got there. Yeah. You know, of course I never got married. So that's a big difference, you know?


Yeah. You become like something different and as opposed to just always staying the same. But you gotta get out there. Why? Well, just, you gotta be out there. You gotta be single. You gotta be, you Gotta be. Yes. I have the tiger. Yeah. You gotta you gotta stay fit, you gotta stay hot, you gotta stay fit. You gotta stay hot. You don't wanna be out. You gotta, you Gotta, you do the best you can. You Gotta, that's all you can do. Because here's the thing, when you fall in love with somebody, you stop caring what they look like. You gotta, you gotta gotta get through that first step to that Happen to you. Not yet. Not yet. Thanks for asking. Obviously not. Look how good I look. Not something I have to really worry about yet. Yeah. You Look Great. Oh, thanks for saying that. How old are you? I am 42. That's, you look great for 42. I look great for 42. Well gay, 42. You Have a youthful, you have a youthful look about you.


Yeah. I don't think that what I do works if I get older. I, I don't think that's a good attitude to go into it. Probably not. No. I, I really, I really don't. I think That's, I agree. No, No. And by the way, AI's gonna fix all this. Oh, I hope so. Totally. I mean, there is a chance that even me at 70, wink, wink not quite, it will not die. Like say, because you could live to a hundred in 30 years, I'm, I can't imagine ai, which is working exponentially. What was that thing that Google just came up with that I just read this, that it figured out something that supercomputers before this would've taken something like 10 septillion million years or whatever.


It was older than the time of the universe to figure out what now it did in five minutes. Right. They Had that new quantum computer that I, I find intimidating. That's what I'm talking About. Yes. The quantum computer. Yeah. Maybe that'll fix it. Well there's that guy that's trying to seem young. You know that guy? I had him on my podcast. He seems out of his fucking Gord. He's not. I'd rather live to a hundred. I would rather die at 70 living the way I live than live to 250 the way he lives. You won't say that when you're 69, first of all. Nice. And also, and also he's not crazy. Mm. Although he is a little crazy. And I said the same thing I'm said, I said Brian and he's a sweet guy. I like them a lot. I said Brian, like, okay, so he's 46, but he's like, chronologically he's 37.


I said, so you go to bed at eight 30, you never eat anything except like these fucking pebbles or whatever the fuck you're eating. He's eating, he's eating kind of, kind of human chow. Right. Like a, like, like a Kibble. I eat pretty strictly, but I still enjoy eating. And you can do that and goes to bed at eight 30 and all this, I said all this to shave nine years off. I said, you know, people think I look a little, a little younger than my age. So like, I apparently shaved six or seven years off by smoking pot and not getting married and and drinking too much when I was younger. So like, what's the point? Well also, you know, all the studies also show that like the mo what's, what's the key to longevity?


It's happy close relationships. It's a bunch of like social Yeah. Things. And I gotta say, who wants to hang out with the guy that's like, I, I gotta go to bed. It's eight 30, gotta get him in the morning and eat my kibble. You know, it's not like a friend, it's not like a great friend situation. You know what I'm saying? Let Me say this. In his defense, first of all, I'm glad he is my new best friend because this guy is working more than anybody else to find out where the cutting edge is on keeping his healthy. He gave me some of the stuff that he uses and cells and some of the much of it. I've been doing my own self for quite a while. I don't think most people take glutathione, but I get it. And I had it and he uses it. So I'm, but he's gonna tell me, he's gonna hit me to everything I need to know that I can do not in the levels that he does it.


But, and also here, listen to this. I said, you know, we're leaving and, and I have my podcast in my where I party and it's, it's this whole, it's a different house. I wouldn't party in my own house knowing me. What a life. But so, And Andy's in touch And I am in touch and I said, you know, it's too bad Brian. You know, I have parties here. Sometimes the cameras are off and we just enjoy it. I, I had this for 20 years and I partied here before we made it into a podcast studio. It's too bad you go to eight bed at eight 30. It doesn't usually get going until 10 or 11. And he said, here's what I'll do. I'll, I'll go to bed, I'll get my rem sleep. See you need rem sleep and deep sleep.


And then I'll wake up from my REM sleep. I'll come here for an hour and a half and party with you and I'll go back and I'll get my deep sleep. And I thought that's a guy who's willing to kind of bend a little Sure, yeah, yeah. To get up from your rem sleep party with me and go back to your deep sleep And he is having a tea or something. I assume there's no alcohol. Well he's definitely not going to be drinking and smoking With you. Yeah. Sounds like a great hang. So Said the same thing. Yeah. But in his defense, You know, you're all gonna die. But, you know, But in his defense, he talks about his amazing erections. Yeah. Yes. That I a lot. Yes. I That's first of all, good to hear that that's happening in person as well. 'cause he also talks about his son's erections. Yeah.


Right. So I know, I know. This got weird. I'm sorry, I gotta go. So now you talked about you not really changing and that actually was, Well, politically, Politically no, I'm not, no. Politically well that's what I took away. Going back and watching some of the original shows, which is that like you say, you say that, that that your politics hasn't changed. That, that, that the, that the right went where it went and the left went super woke and that you're the same. And it's like, how often are using it's are, it's not you, it's me When you're breaking up with somebody. That's a good question. That's funny. Are you serious about that?


Or I'll take a political answer or a human answer. Well, This, I, I'm not gonna get very specific about this 'cause this is like personal life stuff and I, I like to keep that opaque. But, you know, look, having never, if somebody is my age and we remember what that is, 'cause keeps coming up. Yeah. And they've never been married. And you've never been married. Right. It's either for one or two main reasons. Either they don't like girls or they like them a lot. Okay. I'm, I'm just gonna keep it vague like that. So let's talk about politics. Happy to, happy to leave that vague.


We got a, we got, we got a lot of 69 talk earlier. And There's nothing wrong with that. Why? And there's Nothing wrong with it. Why can't everybody? You know, it's so funny. If, if I came out as gay tomorrow, the whole town here in Hollywood, be like, oh my God. That's the the greatest thing in the world. Hmm. Because we all should just be who we are. Right? I was born that way. Remember when that was a I Yeah. This is how I was born. They, this is how I was drawn. This is what I want. I I never wanted to get married. I never thought it worked. And what I mostly see is that it, when it does it, even when it works, it works at what I consider a tremendous price. Hmm. I mean, you said longevity. What did you say before that? That having healthy relationships contributes to longevity.


So does sex. Right. Which is sometimes in confrontation with healthy relationship with a, you know, a long-term relationship where the love is deep. It's very hard to keep that going with the sex part. Going Not with that attitude. I mean it's, I I wish that it was just attitude that could solve it. But, but every marriage in the world will tell you that it's not just attitude.


Po Save America is brought to you by Quince. Elevating your style used to mean breaking the bank. But with Quince you can get high-end versatile pieces at prices you can actually afford. Now you can upgrade your style by snagging killer Luxury Essentials that sync with your vibe and wallet. Quince says all the must haves like Mongolian cashmere Crewneck sweaters from $50 iconic, 100% leather jackets and versatile flow knit active wear. The best part of all Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes the savings on to us. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing processes along with premium fabrics and finishes. We love that. I love Quince. I have great sheets from Quince. I have great sweats from Quince. Super comfortable, really well made. It's really affordable. It's a great option. You should just open up a Quince tap. You know, you're, you're darting around the internet trying to fill the time between dinner and fitful sleep. So open up a tab and put Quince on that tab and see what it has to offer. What are you too busy? Everyone's pretending to be busy. The whole, the whole the greatest myth in the history of societies that everyone's busy, there are busy people, you may be one of them. And if you are, I'm not talking about you. But how could everybody be so busy while also having six hours of screen time? The point is, Quince has good stuff. Indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash crooked. Oh, I'm so busy. Lemme see your phone. Lemme see your phone. You looked at Instagram for two hours. Quince dot com slash crooked free shipping on your order at 365 day returns. Q-U-I-N-C e.com/crooked to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash crooked.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts a new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All Right, sweetie pie buckle. Oh, good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay, kid. Give it a try. Nice. Or remember they're elbow pads. These two. Okay. Yep. There you Go. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see


Onto the politics. You Brought it up. I did bring it up. And I know that. And everyone's hearing they know that. They know that. I brought it up. People like this, they like people, they're like politics. Politics. Yeah. Let's, We're keeping it loose. We're keeping it loose. It's Bill. We don't have to like fucking always be. Yeah. And we can go right to the politics. 'cause that's what I love about podcasting. Yeah. We can do whatever we want. There's no, we can we Look at all the cards you have there? Yeah. There's like, do we have to get all through all those before I can go? No, I'll skip. Wow. I'll skip. Don't Hey, don't worry. We'll skip through some these because These are, that's A lot of cards. Let's see, let's see. There's one later that just says trans Your staff, your, your staff makes these for you. They Yes, they do.


They do a great job. They're all, they're, they're right over there. It's a great team. Yeah, it's a great team. So let's talk about other Republicans have changed. You said in your, you said in your special Trump got the White House again, but he's not gonna get your mind. Yeah. How's that resolution holding up? Not that, well, I gotta say it less. I also said I wouldn't preh anything, which is true. I didn't preh hate, but boy does the hate come around quickly. I mean, has it been only a month? Yeah, It's been one month. One month. One month. I mean, I didn't think it could, some of the thing, and there are things that, other things, I made a list. Like, here's what I already hate. Here's things I don't hate yet I can, I mean, there are things that, like the idea that Gaza could be Dubai instead of, you know, this hellhole that it's been, other people have suggested that by way of us taking it over.


No. You know, starting a new American empire. No, this insanity of, of zelensky is the dictator. And outrageous, I mean, opposite day kind of shit with, with the Western alliance. I mean, there's a whole, it's just, yeah. So that resolution seems battered already. It's Well, it is. I mean, look, there, there are some people that claim that they're not surprised by how bad it's been so far. I find that hard to believe because in all the, you know, if, if we knew in October that the planes were gonna start bumping, we would've maybe said something. Right? Like, I don't, nobody was like, Hey, and then we made invade Panama.


Like that wasn't anything that, and Kamala Harris wasn't out there being like, and don't forget, we might invade Panama Now. That and Canada, that, that's Canada, that shit all came up. Yeah. I think after the election was won, I don't think it was even strategic. I think you give Trump sometimes too much credit for like playing four dimensional chess and it's, no, he just happened to think of it then. I really, I don't think he planned, I'm gonna spring this after the election. It's no, like, the last guy he talked to said some shit about Canada and he was like, let's take it over. But, But a lot of this does seem to like, like, you know, the, the, the fucking, I think that the, there's not just a lack of knowledge, but there's a disdain for knowledge that leads, whether it's Elon wandering around government bureaucracies, he knows nothing about cutting at random and then discovering that, oh, that person was working on bird flu.


We should probably get him back. Or Trump sprouting off about the Middle East. There's, there's a lack of appreciation for expertise and nuance, which is very, very fascist, very authoritarian. Which is to say, you know what, yeah, democracy is sometimes slow and complicated. But there's a reason, and there are good reasons, there's a good reason that this is not how we've done things in the past. There is value to stability. There's value to the slow and sometimes frustrating work of compromise and changing the government, Right? That is my biggest complaint about Trump is that he does not care about how the American system works or even care to learn how it works.


That in his view, it's just like they elected me, I'm the leader. I talked to other leaders. I'm the leader. Everything else is sort of just background noise, Congress or whatever. I mean, some of these things he's done. He has the Congress, he has a Republican Congress. He could do it through Congress. No, he just does it by executive order. But there's always like, you know, a seed of truth in the other side. Yes, government should be slow, but you know, the frog in the pot analogy that we use with global warming, which I still think is true. It's the slow, I I'm not sure that that isn't also the case with a government that ever grows bigger. Nothing is ever canceled.


The debt, I mean, we've been talking about it since Ross Perot at some point. I, and, and it seems like, well, you know, we keep talking about it, but nothing ever happens. I feel like at some point, just like with global warming, something catastrophic is gonna happen. But This is where Yeah. That it's the Biggest thing now. And, and so like again, do I hate the idea of someone going through the government? I mean, Al Gore wanted to do it and they didn't do it well, but of course the way he does it, first of all, just like you said, with a sledgehammer instead of a scalpel, they, you can picture a way they could have done it. He could have just shut up for three months while he audited it and then come out with findings.


That's not the way these people work. That's the bad part of them. The instinct to do it. The instinct to like have Gaza not be what it always has been. And, and by the way, some of this kind of works because now you see that five different countries, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab, Emirates, Egypt, they're all, they all said, okay, you know what Trump's gonna jump in and turn it into a golf course. Okay, we're working on a plan. Yeah. Somebody has to have a plan for Gaza. And the idea that in the past, these, these Arab countries that surround Palestine or the Syrian civil War and wouldn't take any refugees and just wouldn't seem to be wanting to get involved at all to the people who they claim are their brethren.


And who are the, did a million Syrians really fit better in Germany than they would've in Saudi Arabia? There's a, there was a congressman, Tom Malinowski, I think, and he, he said this on the bulwark and it stuck with me. And he said that Trump understands our power but not our values. And Joe Biden understands our values but not our power. And it really stuck with me because there are, there are moments where yeah, you know, Nixon playing crazy. Donald Trump says things that change the, the contours of a debate, but he does it by proposing ethnic cleansing and some of those ghastly policies that any American president has ever talked about.


True. You talk about like, yeah, we need to, to to reform the government. Yeah. Barack Obama wanted to reform the government stupidly try to do it through Congress. Big mistake. That was, but you know, you talk about, oh, we need to do some of these things. We're worried about the deficit. We know what the co the source of the deficit is. We know it's actually not the debt. The debt, we know the source of the debt. We know the source of the deficit. The, the, yeah. The, the, the number of federal workers has not increased as a share of the population. That's, that's static. There's not some big behemoth of, of federal workers. It's a, it's lower than it was in the nineties as a share. No, I Don't think workers is the main problem. The main problem is as the budget office put out, we, there's, they said between 236 and 521 billion.


Billion. Right. And where, what is the source of that? Is there's, there's four drivers of it. Of fraud. Well, no, it's not fraud. The source Just stuff that monies that's stolen. Basically The, the, the source of our deficit and debt are the tax cuts. The bush tax cuts, the Trump tax cuts. Okay. The cost of Medicare, the cost of Medicaid, the cost of social security and the cost of the military. That's, that's what drives the cost. That's it. Okay. Then there's cuts to be made in fraud to be found for sure. Yeah. But That's the cost. Didn't say this was like the number one issue of our time, but do I think that 236 billion at the low end each year, just going out the door to fraudsters and thieves is something we should live with and just accept? I don't, of course not. So the instinct to do something about it, and again, it it's all nullified when they do it horribly, which he did.


But the part of this too is it's not, obviously they have, they don't really respect debate. Right. Like Donald Trump doesn't, isn't interested or respectful of debate. Nor nor nor does he need it anymore because he won. And I mean, in the past, I mean, he did have to like show up to debate. He debated Harris. He, he, he, he debated Joe Biden, he debated, Tried to kill him with Covid, remember? Yeah. Like three days later they're like, yeah, I have positive tips. Whoops. It's like you tried to fucking kill Joe Biden Again. I think you're giving him too much credit. I just think he didn't think about it. I think he wanted to run against Joe Biden anyway.


He shouldn't have. He lost and he won't admit that, which is my biggest problem with him. But, but You host a show that's about the value of debate and one of the two sides no longer, they'll use a debate when it's useful. They'll use politics, normal politics when it's useful, but they'll cast it aside. Right? Absolutely. They'll go through Congress when they can, they'll ignore it when they can't. They'll come on your show and make a case when they can. Yes. But they'll say you're a a, an evil Marxist and all should be ignored when it's not useful. Right. That's really dangerous. And I, and how so? Yeah, Yeah, I agree. The speech that Vance made to the Germans not the part about the n the semi Nazi party, but the part about free speech was very valid in my view.


There are, there, they have gone to places in Germany and in England now with free speech that I don't wanna live in that country. I mean, did you see the 60 minutes piece on Germany last week? I, I didn't Really? It's 60 minutes like too old hot for you. I just, you know, IIII catch it now and again. Wow. But I'm not, like, I'm not, and I'm not like click, click, click. I'm not like waiting for the sound every Sunday like I used to when I was a kid, when I was a kid. I watched it every Sunday. Really? It wasn't a cool kid. Well, It, It was a lot of, it was a lot of Bill Maher in 60 minutes and, and wondering and wondering if I was gonna get invited to prom. The answer I was not. But Okay, let's get on to your sex clock. Okay. So, but they did a piece and I found it chilling.


Now, of course Vance's thing about free speech is he has no grounding to stand on because Trump is suing 60 minutes, 60 Minutes for the crime of editing an interview. Right. And, and he's suing an Iowa newspaper for putting out a poll. He didn't delay, you know, how many presidents had lawsuits before him? None. Presidents don't sue people. You don't have to. He's doing it. So they don't have a, a leg to stand on there. And as far as like canceling elections, I mean, that was the first I heard about Romania canceled the election. I, I'd have to do more research on that, but yeah, I don't think it's a great idea to cancel elections. But of course, that's what they tried To do.


Right. And he Still has admitted he lost the one in 2020. Okay. But the idea that in Germany they can knock on your door because you insulted somebody and they, they use the example of piel. What? Yes, I said it. What'd you say? Piel Piel. Apparently it's the German word for calling somebody a dick. Oh. And you can get arrested for that, or they'll take your phone. And the UK also has arrested, I think people for just insulting basically, or like Islamophobia. Well, you know, one person's Islamophobia is another person's just talking plainly and honestly about Islam.


Can I not do that, if any, if I have any critique of Islam? I saw you roll your eyes. Really? There's no I didn't Roll my eyes. Oh, okay. I'm more thinking. Well, just like, we're not in, we're not in Germany. We're here. I know They have their problems famously. Right. But we don't care about other people's problems. And sometimes they don't. Those problems don't come here and we shouldn't. No, but it's more, but comment on them. No, No, of course. But I guess I just like, I I, you know, we have a lot of problems in America. We've got the vice president going to to to to Europe to complain about sort of German social dynamics. And it's like, okay. I mean, this is about a larger project of the right. Free speech is kind of a big thing. And it should be to you especially, of course you make your living doing it. Of course, of course. But as you said, these are people that are right now in our own country attacking free speech every day.


Did so I take it a bit Disingenuously when JD Vance is in Germany. I just said that. I know, I agree with you. Yeah. That's why I'm rolling my eyes. Okay. I'm rolling my eyes at the situation, bill. Okay. But hey, look, I'm not trying to be a piel. It's fucking piel over here. Huh? But I mean, that is chilling. That is very chilling. And it's funny because some of these places are, you know, Canada, New Zealand, they're, they're, they're, they have a woke quotient that exceeded ours.


We're Gonna take a quick break, but before we do that, a reminder that during Black History Month votes, save America is supporting black led organizations and candidates of color through our anxiety relief program. One candidate is Kimberly Pope Adams, who's running for a Virginia statehouse seat this year. A critical opportunity to expand the Democrats slim one seat majority. Your recurring donation in any amount helps build progressive power for 2025 and beyond. Join us and make an impact@votesaveamerica.com slash donate. Paid for by Vote Save America. Vote save america.com. Not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee votes save america.com.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. I love my helix mattress. It is incredibly comfortable. It's in our guest bedroom. My mom just visited again. She ranted and raved about how comfortable the bed was. And you know what else was great about my Helix mattress When we ordered it, it showed up at the house. Super easy. Unpack it. It's there. You're done. How will you know which Helix Mattress works best for you and your body? You take the Helix sleep quiz and you find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. I took the quiz and I goes matched with a Don Luxe because I wanted something that was firm, and I'm a stomach sleeper, so it all just worked out. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections. Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers. Helix Kids is a mattress designed for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus, your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to helix sleep.com/crooked for 27% off sitewide. That's helix sleep.com/crooked. For 27% off site wide, this is their best offer. Not 25%, 27% exclusive to our listeners and only available by visiting helix sleep.com/crooked.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online, small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota, all loans and amounts subject to lender approval.


So let's talk, let's talk about our woke quotient a little bit. Let's talk about the woke mob. You, you say that, you know, the, the, the Republicans went the way they went and the Democrats went the way they went, and you're still right where you were. Is it just, and I don't mean this in a, in a, I'm like genuinely asking is, is it really just the social questions? I mean, it's not about like the inflation reduction act and like monetary policy when you say the demo. No, it's just about, I mean, it's Like, if you name so many, I can name so many issues where I will give you what the lib, the old school liberal, which is what I mostly align with position was. Although even I can show you from back in the politically incorrect days, places where I was with somebody who you think more conservatively on certain things, I was always hard to pin down.


And, and that's the way I like it. I, everything is, is I don't want to be captured ideologically, but mostly that's what I was, let's take, we're talking about Israel, what has been the old school liberal position forever on Israel two state solution, right? That is not the position of the woke. Their position is from the river to the sea. It's not the Position of the far left, Excuse me, right from the river to the sea. That's their position. That's what they're chanting on campus. That's the woke position. And it, it goes a lot further than just the kids on campus. That is not the two state solution. That is, I don't know. The Jews move to Greenland.


I'm not sure what it is, and I don't think they think it through because they're, they're living in this world. As many people have pointed out of oppressor and oppressed, they don't really think past that. The Jews in Israel, I mean, they talk about them like they have no, you know, standing in that country when actually they're the Indians. Okay? But they've been always from 1947 on, now, of course they've, you leave a a, a deal on the table for 75 years. People do get a little tired of of having the deal not taken. But traditionally, Israel has tried to make that happen for a very long time. It accepted the idea of a partition and a two-state solution, and the other side never did.


And somehow the woke found themselves. They do this all the time. They're so progressive that they do things that are completely anti progressive. Yes, let's align with the people who give women no rights because we are the liberal people. Let's, let's align with the river to the sea. No, per, so again, I'm, we're always was two state solutions, But, but the reason I hear that other People have gone to a Different place. There's always been a, there's always been a center, a center left and a left. That's always been the case. There were things that the Vietnam protestors said that was anathema to what was mainstream for Democrats at the time. But, but put aside the specific of the issue, Joe Biden was for a two-state solution.


Kamala Harris was for a two-state solution. Most mainstream Democrats are for a two-state solution. Donald Trump has embraced Benjamin Netanyahu and no two-state solution. No deal on the table. I agree, but that's not what we were talking about. But, but I'm trying to understand is To always bring in Trump, but I'm not, I'm not trying to bring in Trump. Let's just stick with The, we're gonna agree that we don't like Trump. Then I, I didn't Vote for asked and answered. Okay. Asked and answered. But, but my question is that About, but you're not addressing the question that you find more difficult to answer. What? The question, which is what I put to you. It's like the woke position, and it's, again, not just kids on campus. I could quote you things from like, you know who Penn is? You, the, the organization PEN. Yes. They had to withdraw an invitation. Right. That's the, It's a free speech, free free speech organization.


Organization that doesn't understand free speech. That same with the A CLU in, in some cases. No, but The, the reason I so Pod Save America, I've taken a lot of shit from, for what I've said about, about Israel, my belief in a two-state solution, my horror at what Benjamin Netanyahu has done, but my belief that, that we ought to be critical of Israel, not just because of what it has done in Gaza and not just what it has done to the Palestinians, but because it is not in the interest of Israel to create the conditions that they're creating. I, I've, like, I I I am well, Lisa, not, I am not what you would call woke on this topic, but Are more woke Than me, but not what, not what elected Democrats are saying, which I think represent like the people that would ultimately be wielding power.


So like what are the, like is, are there issues where you see like the mainstream Democrats elected figures, not people on college campuses or organizations that have moved left because they're captured by whatever lefty part of their staff or whatever. I know where you're going and, and I agree mostly, which is that the democratic politician is generally not a crazy person. Right. The crazy, if you're talking about crazies, I used to say the difference between the parties is that the Republicans have found a place for their crazies. Unfortunately, that place is elected government and it's kind of true. Like there's no equivalent quite of Marjorie Taylor Greene on the left.


Although there are people like Elon, Omar and a OC who I don't agree with on a lot of stuff, and I think are crazy on a lot of stuff and say things that are real eye rolls. Fair enough. I don't agree with that. But, but, but, but I I, I just don't, but the, the the, Well, I'm not saying they're, I just said they're not as bad, but they, they are eye rolly. Absolutely. There are things you disagree and, And I disagree with. And also just, you know, I I mean it's one thing to be a, a have interest in another country. It's another thing to sort of be the Palestinian representative in the Congress as opposed to representing Michigan. Yeah. Well, maybe she feels an obligation, a moral obligation that the best way that she can represent her values.


I know, but to be this one voice. But She's in the American government, right? There's 430, there's 434 other members of the House. So one, so one should be from Palestine. I'm not saying one should be from Palestine. I'm saying that, but that's what it, an important debate. Well, it's what it seems like and what it is. She's obviously representing her constituents. She has a lot of Palestinian constituents. I think that, but also feeling like that is a role that she can play in an important debate. That she's not just a member of Congress for one district, but she's representing a point of view that she doesn't feel like is often represented. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Even when, by the way, I have been extremely critical of what she has said. But back to the, to elected Democrats, I think the reason I'm bringing this up is sometimes I feel like you have Democrats. There are, there is an entire Republican apparatus that exists to lift up the, the dumbest, most extreme campus professors, organizations, also mainstream politicians who say something stupid that comes off terribly and have that represent Democrats and that it actually has an impact.


And then we end up in a Yeah. I'm just, do you think that's true? I, I think it's true, but I also think it's their obligation to squawk back at those people and they don't do it enough. To your point, which I think is correct, about the de mainstream democratic politician take something like defund the police. The Republicans thought they could catch the Democrats on that, and they put it up to a vote. I mean, I don't remember what the exact vote was or what the bill was. They didn't get any, I think they got won, like the Democratic politician did not take the bait on defund the police. And yet the public, if you just ask the man on the street, probably thinks that a lot of democratic politicians did sign on to that.


Yeah. So that's a good example of something that, that was put out there by, like you say, organizations and the fringe and college professors and people in the media. But did the Democratic congressman from your district sign on to that? No, they did not. At least not in a bill. So, but you know, they'll put up a quote from Kamala Harris at the time in 2020 that it makes it look that, and people did go overboard in 2020. Yeah. Okay. So that's the problem is that the Democratic politician did not make it clear to the voter. Yeah, we're not for defunding the police. We think that's stupid. The police are important and there're especially important in neighborhoods with a lot of people of color.


Well, so Who did not want to defund the police? So I, I largely agree with that, but I, I, I think sometimes we lay the blame at the feet of Democrats and for two reasons. One, you know, there's bias in the media, but one of the ways the media's bias is that it treats Democrats as the protagonist and Republicans as the antagonist. So Democrats have agency, they're people you can reach. They're people you can persuade. They're people you believe will try to do the right thing. And they're people that'll actually respond to you. Wait, You saying they are, or that's how they're portrayed? I think that's how the, I think when, when people feel that there's a liberal bias in a lot of mainstream coverage, one of the manifestations of it is that they are treated like the protagonist. Republicans are, if not villains, they're kind of other and removed.


Correct? Yes. And, and Democrats are meant to be the people that respond. Well, it's just In the New York Times, it's, it's like assumed we are the good people. We are the good people who know the right answers to everything, and they are the people who are not good. Yes. That, that assumption and that attitude is, is something that very much fosters resentment. And I don't blame the people. Like I always say, you could hate Trump. You can't hate everybody who voted for him. It's half the country. But one of the things, and that's a lot of the reason why they do Well, One of the, one of the other things that does though, is it, it, it it, it means Republicans aren't held as much accountable for their own decisions. Not at all. And I think part of it too, the other piece of it is that people are just uncomfortable with saying, hold on a second.


There's a, yeah, Democrats should do a better job of tamping down misinformation and lies. But we're drowning in it. We're drowning in it. Yeah. I wish Democrats were better at pushing back against this bullshit, but we're kind of asking them to solve for a society problem. Yeah. Like you got like Jerry Connolly as the minority leader in this house committee raising his hand to beg Nancy Mace to stop saying a slur. And it's like, we can't win a fight that way. We're not gonna be able to, we like we're these people don't care what you have to say. They don't, they want the fight. They want, they want you to, to yell at them for saying the wrong thing. They don't, they don't care what you have to say about any of this. Yeah. And don't take the bait.


I mean, that's what a lot of democrats are coming around to. I think I was talking about this on my show last Friday about, wasn't it, you know, people you've probably worked with and David Axelrod. Yeah. And somebody else like that said on USA Oh, I know we had on Congressman Tim Ryan and I, and I was, I was quoting Axelrod and somebody else who said, you know, on USA aid don't make don't, that's not a hell I'm gonna die on. I think that was exactly, and I just read a list of things to Congressman Ryan who I think is gonna run for governor of Ohio saying, tell me what else is a hill you will or won't die on.


That's what the Democrats, I think should be talking about with each other. What are the hills we're gonna die on? And what are the hells we're not? And it was kind of interesting to hear her, his response to this list. Yeah. And I think there are like, those are the political questions, the strategic questions we have to ask. But I think it's also worth saying, hold on a second. The Trump administration is illegally shutting down a government agency that is our counterweight to China around the world. Yeah, true. And we all kind of understand that. It's hard to tell people why it's important and nobody's gonna understand is you gotta let that one go. I Made that point. I said, what's about leadership? What about right. Saying the people aren't here. And it's our duty to that as poll, that's what we're supposed to do, is lead them to a place.


'cause the Republicans never shrink from leading people to a place where the people aren't, that never intimidates them. The people were for a public option for a very long time with the healthcare debate, and they were like, yeah, we, we 20 points in the polls, we could, we could, we could flip that. So there is that argument, but you know, what do you, do you want to win another election? Is there even gonna be another election? I mean, that, that was my original thing about Trump. When everyone was saying I was crazy. He doesn't con I said he's never gonna get seated in an election. I just feel like that we probably have already crossed the Rubicon on this. I just don't see this crowd ever really giving up power because they really believe in their bones.


And again, I could go through a lot of things that that make me understand why they think that way, although I'm not with them of course, on it. But they think that the left is so crazy and so dangerous and some of their ideas are so aggressively anti-Common sense. And they are, they think that it is their duty to preserve power to just not ever let those people near the levers of power because it's just too crazy. Yeah. It's so dangerous. That's, but that's, that is dangerous what they say they believe. But come on, Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and Hakeem Jeffries and Kamala Harris. These are mainstream figures that are not dangerous at all. They have per, they either are lying to themselves or persuading themselves to believe that Democrats pose a threat because it is part of the project of denying the legitimacy of democratic politics.


Okay. In, Well, we could argue about a lot of issues there, but I'm sorry. Joe Biden, I think never stood up to the far, far fringe of his party from, from day one. He was just like, too feeble, too old. These people are too mean, too powerful. I don't want to even have the fight. What was Something he did? But like, I'm not, I'm not, what's something he did that you, I Mean like, like, like we are an outlier in the trans, so let's talk about that with, with other countries. I mean the uk the Nordic countries all pulled back on that as far as as like puberty blockers and, and operations for kids under 18. Letting kids, children self-diagnose, keeping it from parents.


All this stuff di has gone on and still goes on in America. If it's something like that and you're a parent, which I am not, and I'm glad I'm not, that issue is a lot closer to home to you than Ukraine. Ukraine. So Let's talk about Ukraine's. I didn't even know where it was five years ago, and now I care more about that than this issue. That kind, I wanna talk about the transition. So that's, let's talk about it. But, but before we do, are there other That's the, that's the one people come to. Is there another example in your mind of Joe Biden that that, that somehow was, was super woke too Wealthy DI race. I mean they, it, they put that in every department immediately, like day one. That was the most important thing. And now you see a lot of corporations pulling back from it.


I mean, like, everything does go too far. I mean, a university having 200 DEI officers a university, which is already one of the most liberal places in the world, you know, and you know, it's one of those jobs where you'd have to admit there was progress or else the answer is, well, maybe I shouldn't have this job anymore. And whoever does that. So Let's talk about, let's go, let's talk about, I I'm on, I'm, I got to my card that says trans, let's talk about it. The position. Like, look, other countries have national health services. The democratic position is, leave it up to parents, doctors just leave. It's not the government's position. That's the democratic position.


What's wrong with that position? Wait, say that again? The democratic position, right. Joe Biden like is, Well, the democratic position in this state has been that you can, the kid can, the school has the right to hide it from the parents. That is something that is not going to go well with the average voter. And again, I'm not even a parent and I get it. Okay. You, I mean, I think the governor here used the word snitch. Now if I, I am, if I'm wrong, I didn't say it. So I I think I read that. So There are de so look, there are delicate problems here. Okay, but wait, wait. There's delicate problems here and there's delicate problem where you have a kid, all right, who has, is either non-binary or trans who feels scared at home, feels unsafe at home.


I that happen, those things do happen in the world. There are things that happen in the world. They do, but for the most part, that's not what we're talking about. For the most part, what we're talking about is a teenager who has felt that they have a gender dysmorphia. So what they feel like is that, that they, they don't, they, they feel deeply unhappy. Depression, all really rampant. Yes. And they go to their parents, they blame, they Feel that, and then they blame it on the thing that has been put in their mind way too much that it may be because of you're in the wrong body, to put it probably wrongly. Sure. But that we understand what that means. Okay. Now it could be that case when Trump said there's only two sexes. Again, pendulum swinging way too far, too stupidity.


Okay. Obviously sex is more complicated than just two sexes. There are people who absolutely, you know, are quote unquote in the wrong body. But when you're a kid, when even a teenager and you're that confused about everything and you have no idea and you're upset for many other reasons. The idea that they put it, let me just finish. I'm not saying anything. I know. I can see you are already, I can see you pulling back the bow and the, the fact that, that they put this in their head too much. That's my thing. Should you tell a kid, look, there's a default setting for humans, male and female, but there are variations. That's absolutely true. Some people are attracted people of their own sex and some people are actually in the quote unquote wrong body.


And that does happen. But the, the amount that they emphasized this, I compared it once on my show to entrapment. So see, there you go. I said I disagree. I'm sorry. Is that not the end? Is it I about ment at a period at day? No, I Can I explain it Though? Yes, explain. I mean, I think we all get it, but yeah, explain it. Entrapment. I don't think everybody does get it. Okay. Explain it. Okay. Well what is entrapment? Entrapment is when you suggest something to people that they weren't ordinarily gonna do. I used the example of after nine 11, the FBI got caught basically ent trapping some people, which is what they went to. People who were Yeah.


Who were, I think, excuse me, I'm not done right. I'm Sorry. You're right, you're right. Honestly, that was rude. That was rude. That was rude. Bill finish. You're explaining how being trans is like being recruited into Al-Qaeda. Well that's, that's glib And absolutely hundred percent glib and stupid, stupid and glib. It is, yes. Because It's not true. Right. And you didn't even let me get through this thing. You're right. And now I gotta go. You're Just gotta leave. We're having the middle of a debate. Yeah, no. Okay, I'll finish this entrapment like, okay, so they, they go to somebody, they go to a, a group of guys, they did to this in a group of poor black guys in Miami and were unhappy with America and you know, hey, wouldn't it be great if we blew up the Sears Tower in Chicago and these guys didn't even have a gun?


And it's like, yeah, I hate America. Or I got problems with America. That does sound kind of cool. And hey, well we can get you the explosives. That's entrapment. Okay. You put an idea in people's heads that wouldn't have been there otherwise. Do I think in most of America they did that in schools? I don't, but I think in enough of them, in enough far left places, they did constantly have this idea in, in the minds of children that maybe you're not in the right body. I mean the New England Journal of Medicine advocated for taking sex off of a birth certificate. I believe it was like it's, you're as you're assigned sex as Assigned as a birth Assigned.


Yeah. You're assigned. I think that's right. Well, I was assigned by my dick. Okay. When I was born. Well, yes. And again, to tell kids, it doesn't always have to be and isn't always the default setting, but that's a different mentality than they put in the minds of kids. And that's why this debate goes on. And the fact that you think, or a lot of people on the left think that even if you just have this debate, it makes you a bigot. You just have to roll over. That was, you asked about the Biden administration, that was their position. If you even question this, you're some sort of a bigot. And it, this is new science and it has to do with children and it's not gonna look good in the future.


That Position. Can I just respond to something now? You can now I can respond. All right, can you I gotta go. Just, alright, let's just do, I said piece. There's a lot. You definitely said your piece. Just Say your bullshit while I'm in the bathroom. Just stay here for one second. Okay. I'm kidding. Unbelievable. I'm kidding. Alright. No, I know. Okay. A lot of things there. First of all, this is gonna sound confrontational. For a long time people said, oh, older gay people are recruiting kids to be gay. And they wouldn't really be gay. It was, they were being recruited, they were being groomed that, that they were being drawn. That was the conservative position that Christian Wright position for a long time was the reason you didn't wanna have gay teachers is they're gonna recruit, they're that the gay lifestyle is gonna look so enticing and so exciting that it's gonna bring these, these poor defenseless boys.


They, they mostly boys into the gay lifestyle and destroy their lives. But of course that wasn't true. Really. All gay teachers were, were an example. Right? Right. Yeah. I look there are a few examples of people getting older and realizing that they shouldn't have transitioned. That that happens. It's real. That's real. Yeah. More than a few. But There are also really important surgeries that people get for their heart and they go wrong and somebody dies and nobody says, we must stop the cardiologist. No one says we must stop the surgeons. Wow. We say let's, That's your analogy. Well, well my analogy is only that, wait, let me finish. I'm just, Can I finish? Yes. Is it my turn to talk? No, No, you're right. And, and what you say is, let's make sure that this version of it is being practiced.


Well, we don't dis we don't get rid of the specific surgery. We don't throw out a whole field of medicine. We say let's make sure we're doing it in a way that's healthy. The, the science, the research. All right. Makes clear that yes, there are exceptions. Yes, there are people practicing it in ways that maybe go too far. But for the most part, study after study shows that gender affirming care saves. Wait, let me, I'm talking, it's my turn. I was so quiet for so long after I interrupted a Few times. Well, you weren't, But okay. But once I stopped talking, boy, I was good at it. And that gender affirming care saves a lot of lives. And the, and the truth is, we talk about these edge cases, talk about athletes, talk about locker rooms, but for the most part, what we're talking about is a very small group of people that just want the opportunity to live and express themselves.


And there is a war on that group of people from the right to make salient extreme cases. Edge cases, not for the purposes of stopping those, but for doing what the Trump administration is doing entirely, which is stopping all gender affirming care altogether and making trans people fucking nervous when they have to pee at the airport. Right. Which is the end result of all this. Yeah. And of course that's awful. And I agree with all that except the part about the studies. There was a very big story this year. It was in the front page in the New York Times, a woman, I forget her name, and she had done like, it was a 10 year study, did not release it on purpose because she said it would weaponize the argument from the other side.


So in other words, it came out not the way you wanted the study to come out. Yeah. Not what you said. That it's, oh, every, all the studies show that no, it is a mixed bag. That's true. Okay. Some, some people, yes, it's the right thing, but to take that risk at that age before you know shit about anything. Yes. Sometimes it's pretty obvious that, that this should, it's, it's a very hard call to make. And again, this was a very long study, very thorough. And they wouldn't release it because it came out with the wrong conclusion. Oh, the reason It's, but because it is a hard question. Right? 'cause it is a serious question. Right. It is a personal question. I don't want Donald Trump deciding.


I want parents and doctors. Well, You just said parents can get shut out. Well, I, I don't think parents should get shut out. There are rare exceptions that, look, we all believe that parents should have the decisions over their children, but we also recognize that some parents do such a bad fucking job that the kids are in danger. I know that happens in outside of trans issues. That happens all the time. It's terrible. I know some parents are fucking terrible somehow that the fact that there are terrible parents in the world. Yes, I know gets, gets erased on these questions. I do. I think that schools should, but as a baseline, be keeping a secret from parents. A fucking course not. No one thinks that. No one Thinks that. Apparently that's not true. People do think that. And there is no perfect answer to this. It's as many naughty questions. The least bad answer answer and the least bad answer To not answer is to not have the government decide from above.


It's just to leave it up to people and parents and the kids and the doctors. Right. You want the government to ban gender affirming care for kids. You want, you want lose every election. Just keep coming down on the side of parents coming in second into a who gets to decide what goes on with my kid Contest. I'm not, I'm not, first of all, I'm not talking about winning or losing elections. I agree that there's a salience to this issue. I agree that there's, this has been weaponized. I agree. I agree with all that. But I'm just talking about the issue itself. What did that car say? Can I take, can I take this one home as a, as a sure as a souvenir as my time. I'm gonna put it in my scrapbook. Let me see if I hit all my points that I wanted to make about this. Okay, Boy. Like they, they don't even see, couldn't they have started?


It says, my guest this week at Tough House Blue Contract Center. Bill Maher. Bill, couldn't they have started this on the next card? Don't you think that word Bill should have been started on the next card? No, I'm not trying to get anybody in trouble. Let's not. You gotta go. Alright. It was, that's that's, you're just leaving. Yeah, I'm just leaving. Bill Maher everybody. Thank you. I had questions more. I had other questions. Oh, we could do it all day. Well, I guess not. We, we could. All good. Bill Maher, everybody get outta here. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv, and David Tolls.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East


At Leidos. We make things smarter and more efficient from saving the DOD over $645 million on digital modernization to already being done with this ad. Leidos, making smart, smarter.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's great smoky Mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it's creating fog and that makes the smokies smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com Tennessee. Sounds perfect.