
Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, everyone seems to be doing the Trump dance as FBI Director Christopher Ray goes down without a fight. Democrats start flattering Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg sponsors the inauguration. Trump Meanwhile admits he might not be able to bring down prices. After all, during his big time Man of the Year interview an honor. He celebrated at the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday by telling Wall Street he cut their taxes. Welcome to your populist realignment, Dan. But first we have some actual good news. No, stop. It's real. I'm not, not a joke.


Not a joke. It's December, 2024, right? It is. It Is. Okay. All right, cool. Cool. It's been a while. The White House announced on Thursday. The President Biden made history by granting clemency to nearly 1500 people and pardoning 39 others. The largest single day clemency action in modern history. The 1500 number is people who had largely been living out lengthy sentences in home confinement because of the pandemic, and already had been reintegrated in their communities. Those sentences were commuted. The 39 pardons went mostly to people convicted of nonviolent drug offenses when they were younger and who have since turned their lives around.


What do you think of the move? Pretty good, huh? Love it. It's great. I was, I saw that this morning when I woke up way too early as usual. And it was great news and it's sort of what we've been waiting for. Like every time you have a transition from the president of one party to the president of the next, the outgoing president's, it's like furiously spends that last two months trying to get as much an as they possibly can, fireproof their accomplishments, use the powers they have, and pardons is a big part of it. And it had felt for the last couple weeks, like that was not happening. I'm sure it was happening internally because you don't, they didn't just come up with these pardons yesterday, like they've been working on this for a long time. But it was good to see sort of that outgoing use of power in a way that was consistent with the president's values and protecting people from a dangerous thing that's gonna happen when Trump takes over.


And the statement White House also said that there would be further action in the days to come. The office of the Pardon attorney part of the Justice Department has received nearly 12,000 requests for clemency during Mr. Biden's term in 2022 and 2023. He pardoned anyone in federal prison for marijuana possession. He can also, and has been urged to pardon or commute sentences of others, convicted of nonviolent drug offenses who were in federal prison. Some people have urged him to commute sentences for the 40 people who were on death row in federal prison and reduce those sentences to life without parole so that they don't get the death penalty.


So altogether, he has issued, I think 26 individual pardons and 135 commutations. So what do you think, what do you think is gonna be next? What do you think should be next? I hope it's the, the 40 death row inmates, Joe Biden. This has kind of been lost history, but Joe Biden was the first modern president elected who was an opponent of the death penalty, the Upside of his Catholicism. And a, but it's just, I say that 'cause I say that because he was obviously not as pro-choice as he is now throughout most of his life, largely due to him being raised a Catholic, Obviously there are only 40 inmates on federal on death row in federal pen rates. There's, you know, huge numbers of them and state prisons, but it, it would send a powerful signal to do that on his way out the door.


So I certainly hope that that is something that is on the list of things they're actively considering over the, the last month here. And it seems like from all kinds of reporting now since last time we talked about it, that he's still considering preemptive blanket pardons for some folks on Trump's enemies list. And, and Trump has now talked about the January 6th committee, talked about Jack Smith. So I guess we'll wait and see if he does that. I Feel, do you see that Benny Thompson said he take one? I did see Benny Thompsons. He'll take one. You know what, which I respect all these people playing coy, you know, Adam Schiff being like, oh, I don't think it's a good idea. Yeah, Adam, take It. If you get it, don't, please don't gimme a pardon.


That's me winking for those listening to it on their phones. I mean, not to dwell on this again, but you know, it it, it crossed my mind since we were talking about pardons and commutations today. Why do you think he didn't wait to do the hunter? Pardon? Until after a move like this. You know, we talked about this on a Tuesday show and Tommy mentioned that he wanted to do the hunter. Pardon? Before Hunter was sentenced, though, I, and I guess I understand that though, you could also make an argument that after Hunter was sentenced, perhaps commuting, the sentence altogether would've been received better. Our old pal, Anita Dunn, who's one of the, was one of the closest aides to Joe Biden for not just his presidency, but like much of his career she said recently at a New York Times deal book event, when she was asked about the Hunter Biden, pardon?


I don't agree with the way it was done. I don't agree with the timing and I don't agree frankly, with the attack on our judicial system. The argument is one, I think that many observers are concerned about a president who ran to restore the rule of law, who has upheld the rule of law, who has really defended the rule of law, kind of saying, well, maybe not right now. I thought a lot about how and why the White House did it this way. And I think it's pretty simple. We know all the people who work at the White House, they're very smart. They know exactly how shooting out the Hunter Biden, pardon on its own before you pardon anyone else on a Sunday night at the end of, of Thanksgiving weekend, is going to, before you jet off to Angola, is going to look. Which Is why I think most of them weren't involved. Yeah, well, I mean, he called the White House and said this is what we're doing.


That's what I'm saying. No, I mean, most, most of the very smart White House staff that we know did not know until, but, But they didn't know he'd made the decision to do it. But I'm sure there's a conversation on rollout. Right. And the president came back from Thanksgiving with his family where they had a family meeting about this. Hunter was at that meeting. Hunter is staring down the barrel of going to prison soon. And the president makes the decision, he calls back and says, I made this decision. And then they have a choice. Do they just do it right away before it leaks? Or do they allow it to leak out there that he is thinking about it and then face a bunch of pressure? And so this is not how anyone would design, I think it's just, it's a very, this is how the process worked and it takes a long time to get 1300 commutations and pardons together.


And that process was ongoing and not yet finished when he made this decision at Thanksgiving. Yeah. So there's no plan that had it this way. It's just like, this is how life unfolded and this was a family issue. And the one thing you always read in the reporting is on family stuff. No one argues Biden calls the shots and Right. That's how this was. And I mean, I, I won't criticize it all over again. I already did. I I will say that these pardons and commutations, they do make me feel better about the whole thing. Yeah, of course. I also think that if he, like I said, issues, you know, these preemptive pardons and blanket pardons and, and makes them about sort of protecting people from political vengeance and retribution by Donald Trump and the hunter, pardon, who sort of fits into that bucket, then I, then I feel even better even though I'm, you know, disappointed that he lied to us.


Alright. Elsewhere in the justice system, there is less reason for celebration. We got that happiness outta the way. Let's yeah, Outta the way FBI director Chris Ray announced Wednesday that he would step down at some point before Trump's inauguration on January 20th, paving the way for Trump Hatchet man Cash Patel to take over as head of the world's premier investigative agency. Ray said in his statement quote, in my view, this is the best way to avoid dragging the bureau deeper into the fray while reinforcing the values and principles that are so important to how we do our work. A lot of folks aren't happy to say the least. Jonathan Shade at the Atlantic in a piece called a scandalous resignation summed it up this way, quote, the president-elect had been facing the unpleasant task of firing a lifelong Republican whom he had selected himself, inviting the national media to raise ugly questions about his off confessed desire to turn the federal criminal justice apparatus into a weapon of political vengeance.


Instead, Ray, like so many Republicans who couldn't stomach Trump's demands, decided to go gentle into that good night. Nobody except Ray will remember where they were when Christopher Ray resigned. Ouch. I mean, you can sympathize with Ray not wanting to just sit around and wait for Trump to fire him. But I don't know, what do you think? Was this the right move? Absolutly not it just the FBI position of FBI director is one of the most powerful in this country. You have an army of investigators and law enforcement officers who work for you. It is so powerful that unlike the Department of Defense, the director of the CIA Congress gave the FBI director 10 year non-consecutive terms.


So you can't amass too much power and you are insulated from the influence of individual presidents and members of Congress. And Donald Trump for the second time now is firing an FBI director. And this is a, in, in this case, he is doing it and he wants to, to install a loyalist who has published a, an actual list of the enemies who he wants to prosecute. And that should be a big giant deal. And it's not gonna be because Chris Ray just slouched off into retirement. And so instead you have to pick at the alternative scenario where Joe Biden leaves, Donald Trump is sworn in, he walks in the White House, and then he fires the FBI director who has years left on his term that was confirmed by the Senate to replace him with Catch Patel.


But because Ray resigned, when he, when he is trying to appoint cashier Patel, it's just going to seem like he's filling any other cabinet, empty cabinet vacancy like all the rest of them. And it just, you can't, this is, it is a big deal. What he is doing with the FBI and Chris Ray made it seem like a lot less big deal. So he did not uphold any of those values and principles that he talked about. He actually undermined them by giving into Trump pure cowardice, in my opinion. Pure cowardice. I think I agree. Just for the sake of Argument, oh, let's hear it. No, I guess what, what benefit to the country or politically for those who oppose Trump would've come from Ray waiting, getting fired and then Cash Patel gets the job anyway just a little bit later than he would've.


And Donald Trump gets a couple days worth of very critical stories and commentary by all of us for firing the FBI director In the end. If K Patel's gonna be the F FBI I director in either way, it's not gonna make a huge difference to the Benny Thompson's, Adam Schiff's, you know, Andy Anthony Fauci of the world who are gonna be investigated. But it is a chance to grab the nation's attention for just a moment to show how dangerous this is. Because as we're gonna talk about on this podcast, we all ran around for a year and a half saying that Donald Trump was an existential threat to democracy. One of the reasons he was an existential threat to democracy is 'cause every fucking morning before breakfast, he announced on True Social that he was gonna investigate all of his political opponents, which we said was fascist and authoritarian and dangerous.


And now he's doing that exact thing. And so many people, Chris Ray included, are sort of like, eh, maybe not that big a deal. And so if it is as big a deal as we think it is, and I imagine Chris Ray probably thinks it is, then you have to at least try to tell that story. And it makes it harder to tell that story if you're just going to hand the keys of the FBI to Cash Patel as opposed to making Donald Trump take them from you and do it like this is what Pret did as US attorney in New York. He made Trump fire him and that was a big deal. And firing the F FBI I director was a huge deal. And it should, it should get that attention and it won't because of Chris Ray. My first reaction was like, sort of the way he left, like less about I'm quitting, you are firing me.


And the, and the difference between that and more about, like Chris Ray I think has an obligation, whether he does it after he leaves or now or if he had waited and got fired. But he has an obligation, I think, to let people know that he did a good job. And the reason he's being fired is because he carried out his duties to investigate the President of the United States for stealing classified information. And that's why they went to Mar-a-Lago. And he, by the way, retrieved classified information that the president had stole. The ex-president at that point had stolen and refused to give back an obstructed justice.


Like I do think that a little bit a defense of the Bureau and the bureau's actions over the last several years and just making sure people know that they played it pretty fucking straight over the last several years after he was appointed by Donald Trump and is a Republican himself. I do think he has an obligation just for the public to know that. And if people don't care then they're free not to care. But might as well tell that story. I'm sure you, I'm sure we'll get to read it in a book coming out in October, 2025. Maybe he can, maybe he can do a press conference with Jim Comey. Maybe they can, I'll, I'll, I'll send him a invite link to Substack, see if he can get started early.


Also, I think there and JVL made this point in his newsletter today at Bulwark that people who oppose Trump, or at least the people who want to defend our democratic institutions, anything they do to sort of delay Trump and his minions from doing what they want to do is a good thing. And so Cash Patel getting in earlier than he would've if we had to go through Chris Ray getting fired. You know, it's, it would've been nice, would've been nice to any, any, any delay tactics here are probably helpful. So that's don't, don't, I, I have not heard a really good argument for, for Chris Ray doing it the way he did. But maybe he'll speak up soon.


One factor that seems to be making the Rain news tougher to swallow is that it's not just Ray, obviously you and Melissa talked about Wednesday. Jack Smith also made the decision to resign rather than get fired. And in general it seems like a lot of big players, corporations, media outlets, even some elected democrats are employing a kinder, gentler approach to Trump's second term so far. Here's an incomplete accounting from just the last few days. Meta gave a million dollars to Trump's inauguration after Mark Zuckerberg had dinner with Trump, Amazon giving a million dollars to thanks Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Time, the magazine, which just named Trump person of the year, accompanied him to the New York Stock Exchange and started clapping and chanting U S A U S A when Trump rang the bell.


The fuck Democratic Senator John Federman joined Truth Social and said that not only was the Hunter Biden, pardon, correct, but that Trump deserves a pardon too for his conviction in the Manhattan case. And other democrats like Congressman Richie Torres and Senator Richard Blumenthal have been praising Elon Musk with Blumenthal calling him the tech industry's quote, champion of free speech. Ana has said he's been trading texts with Elon and called him an extraordinary entrepreneur. That said he also was clear with him where he disagreed. Fetterman compared Elon to Tony Stark.


So, oh man, a lot of cliches you could reach for here if you can't beat 'em, join them. Discretion is the better part of valor, better to be at the table than on the menu. What do you think is going on here? And obviously all the different people I just mentioned there, they could all have different motivations, there could be different degrees of kissing Donald Trump's ass and Elon Musk's ass. Yeah. But what, what do you think's going on here? So let's probably try to separate this out into a couple groups. Yeah. There are corporations which are staring down the prospect of an all you can eat buffet of corporate greed under Donald Trump. Oh yeah. Less taxes, which we get to we getting into that.


Yeah, we'll get to that. Less regulation, just fucking pay to play left and right. And they are chomping at the bit, a lot of these are tech companies who like this probably so do with Meta who are, have felt like they could not acquire other companies under Le Kahn's C because of Biden's very good antitrust policies. So the corporations are, they are, they're gonna be Donald Trump's friend. 'cause Donald Trump's gonna do what they want. And I think if they think, and they know, they know if you're friends with Donald Trump is just, he is like an old school corrupt politician. If you're friends with him, he will hook you up with some government contracts, some other stuff. Then you have Democrats who are trying to figure out how to deal with Elon Musk as a public figure.


Someone who is quite popular with a group of voters that we lost. Right. Namely young men. And that he, in understanding that he is a world famous, very successful business person and he has taken on a task. And I think that they are, and I think Hanana in particular, probably pretty smart about this. And he has a relationship with El from long time in California. But I mean he was a commerce department appointee in the Obama administration when Elon was hoovering down solar tax credits for Tesla. But huge fan of the Recovery Act that Elon Musk, I think the way we navigate the Doge Commission requires some deafness because what they are want to do at the service level is quite popular.


Get rid of waste and fraud and abuse in government. Like everyone agrees with that. And so you want to be in the situation where you promise you're agreeing to work with them. And then when they come back with other social security cuts and their elimination of the Department of Education, then you hammer them. And so I think that's the appropriate way there. I can't, I don't know what, I can't speak to what John Fetterman's doing. I don't really understand the going on true social. That is fine. Yeah. That, that Gavin Deso did that a long time ago. Like That doesn't, that doesn't bother me Offering, suggesting Trump get a pardon. And that seems primarily like trolling. I don't really get that. But, and then I think there's this other thing that I think we all have to remind ourselves as we think about the next four years. We are never running against Donald Trump again. Yeah.


He is not our opponent. The first four years of Trump was about every single day trying to increase the likelihood that we could beat him in the 2020 election. And we, we succeeded not as well as we would like, but we did succeed. 'cause he's back. But this time we have a different set of tasks. So we don't necessarily have to, if we agree with Trump on something that is popular, it is okay to agree with him and then like take that issue off the table. Like We don't have to oppose him on every single thing. If it is an area of potential agreement, we also don't have to chase him down every rabbit hole. Right. We can, our task is not to beat Trump, it is to rebuild our brand and then separate the new Trump coalition from the Republican party that comes after Trump.


And so we have to think with that mentality. And that does mean it's just a very different approach than resistance 1.0. My critique is with none of that. And I don't think that what you just said is necessarily reflective of what any of these fucking characters are doing or saying right now. I think Ro ro is my exception to this, Right? I I ro is the exception. But I even think that you don't need to call Elon Musk anything nice at all to be willing to play ball with the Doge thing in putting out a list of reforms that you want. I mean, I was saying this, that I think the Democrats should, should put out their own list before Elon and Vivek have their own list and make it about the corporate subsidies.


We want to get rid of the tax breaks, we wanna get rid of other waste and abuse that we're comfortable getting rid of. Like let's do our own thing and then when they don't agree to it, then we can hit 'em over it. Right? Like, let's be constructive on policy and governing when we agree. And let's be really tough on policy and governing when we disagree. But like, we don't have to say nice fucking things about these people. We don't have to kiss Trump's we don't have to. We shouldn't, we shouldn't chase trump down every rabbit hole for sure. We also don't need to fucking kiss his ass. And also Doesn't think Democrats are kissing his ass. No, no, no. Not not Trump. Elon Musk's stuff is a like Dick Blumenthal.


That thats what the fuck are you say? That's crazy. I don't Understand that. He's a, he's a champion of free speech. He's not a champion of free Speech. There is, there is a moment when you lose election, everyone loses their fucking mind for like 90 days and they do dumb shit. Right. They overreact Mark Zuckerberg like, that's d That's different. There Are a few humans more full of shit than Mark Zuckerberg for like all of the values he professed that Facebook had and that his company has and all this bullshit. It's like Donald Trump attempted a coup, he attempted a coup, he attempted, he incited a violent insurrection. All these people. How many companies after January 6th were like never again.


Were not gonna donate to re some of them said they weren't gonna donate to Republicans after that. And It to anyone who believed a big lie. Yeah. People who voted against Leaves a big lie. Yeah. And here's the, I would not have even been this annoyed if over the fact that Zuckerberg sat down with Trump and had dinner. It's like, okay, you wanna have dinner, he's the president of the United States. You run one of the biggest companies in the world, like fine, make peace whatever, donate a million dollars to inauguration when meta has not donated money to any other inauguration. Like what, what Now you're like in the Trump business now you're just giving him money. You're not just like, not saying mean things about him or even saying nice things. You're giving him money. What A million dollars.


I mean it just, it's So fucking, it's disgusting if Like, obviously the thing that Mark Zuckerberg cares about most in the world is power and money. But if there was anything else he cared about, it was immigration reform. He started the group forward us, he has given money to this, he's talked about it. And now he just gave a million dollars to someone who was on TV over the weekend talking about deporting millions of people from this country. It is, it's outright, it's so, it's like, it's just what is wrong with you? You have no self-respect. No self-respect. It's just Gross. It's gross. And also the Elon Musk thing too, like he's Tony Stark, he's successful. Like the thing that bothers me about that is like, yes, Elon Musk is rich, he's worth $400 billion.


Congratulations, I guess. But like, do we not remember, it wasn't that long ago that he pushed a conspiracy online, said that he agreed with a conspiracy that Jewish communities push hatred against white people. Like just said so much. Truth. Yes. Truth. When someone tweeted that the conspiracy that then led a bunch of advertisers to stop advertising on Twitter because it was the same conspiracy that led the Tree of Life shooter to massacre a bunch of people. And now we're gonna be like, oh yeah, but you know what? He's like Tony Stark. He's a like a really smart guy, really smart guy, really successful anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.


Really successful. I just, again, you could, it's, it's just as easy to be like Elon Musk wants to cut government. You don't have to say anything about him. I got a list of things for him to cut and if he, and if he puts something on the table that's worth cutting. Yeah, I'm right there with him. He wants to like Bernie, he wants to cut defense spending. Yeah. I'm there for cutting defense spending too. I'll work with him on that. You don't have to say nice things about him. It just, I really, I wanted to emphasize his point. Everyone loses their fucking mind and they lose an election. It's like this period of time, go back and look what all the Republicans did after Obama won reelection. John Bann went out the next day and said, Obama cares the law, the land. And then Sean hitting endorse immigration reform. Like they lose their minds. And the Democrats are, they're, we, they, we everyone is reeling and making a bunch of dumb decisions.


And, and these manifest itself in some of the, the examples you just gave. We do have one pretty good clue as to why the corporate types seem to be coming around so quickly. You mentioned this, it came at 9:30 AM eastern time on Thursday as Trump opened trading at the stock exchange, let's listen, we're Cutting your taxes, we're gonna cut 'em very substantially. We got him down to 21% from probably 42 or 44% depending on where you are. And we got him down to 21. Everyone said that was a miracle. Now we're getting him down to 15.


But only if you make your product here. Now I didn't see this footage, but was the audience of people he was saying that to at the New York Stock Exchange, was that a group of working class voters who were upset with high grocery prices? Is that who he was talking to? No, it was a collection of CEOs and stock traders. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Those are the taxes he wants to cut. Yes. Yes. Those are the taxes he wants to cut. So Trump lowered the corporate rate to 21% from 35% in the 2017 tax cuts. Now he wants to lower it to 15%. He says he wants to do it 15%. There's a new twist on it with like if you, if you invest in America, if you do business here, I don't know how that works.


But in general, a 15% corporate tax rate would give the largest 10 companies in America a $23 billion tax cut for 10 companies that reported more than $520 billion in profits. This was a cap analysis over the summer. Meta, his new pal, mark Zuckerberg would get $1.4 billion just for meta from Trump's plan United Health. Have you heard about United Health? Lately? United Health would get $1.3 billion a tax cut and five largest grocery companies because of obviously Trump was elected to lower prices for people.


That's what he told us. But he does wanna give the five largest grocery companies $1.7 billion in tax cuts. These are five grocery companies that made $29 billion in profits as a bunch of people could not afford their groceries. And now he wants to give 'em another $1.7 billion. You think they're gonna use that $1.7 billion tax cut to lower the cost of food so people can buy their groceries? Probably, right? Isn't that what happened when they did this exact same thing in 2017 and cut the Before points then? Yeah, they, they passed the savings onto their consumers and their fees and They hired lots of people and No, no, wait, wait. CEO bonuses and stock buybacks. That's right. That's right. Yes. Yes. So that is what Trump promised.


Now we knew this during the campaign. I think Kamala hit Trump on this a few times. The corporate tax cut obviously did not work, or at least it did not work well enough. What is your advice here to Democrats on how to make it stick in the next year in a way that we did not do as successfully as we could have during the campaign? She did mention, you said the operative word here was she hit him on it a few times and there were a lot of ads on it. There wasn't the most, the ad that future forward, the super Pac spent the most money on was on this very topic. It was called the Buddy ad. And it had a guy watching an iPad of Trump saying to the people at Mar, the donors at Mar-a-Lago, you're rich as hell and I'm gonna cut your taxes.


And then went on to say what Kamala Harris was gonna do to raise taxes on Billionaires. But it was never a centerpiece of the campaign. It never was a defining issue. We can never make it stick. And that I think has more to do with the short runway, the Harris campaign had maybe just the dominance of inflation as an issue that it didn't stick like it did. I do not take the fact that Trump won as evidence that all of a sudden tax cuts for corporations are popular far from it. And I think this is our best bet to really begin to make some cracks in the Trump coalition. Right. People elected Trump to lower their costs. And yeah, so our message is pretty clear.


Trump is not lowering your costs. He's lower, he's cutting taxes for the wealthy in corporations, the very companies who are making billions of dollars by jacking a prices on your groceries and your gas. He's gonna give them a tax cut and you're not gonna get, and he is not trying to help you with trying to help them. And then there's a second element of this, which I think is important, which is we have to make this all seem like as it is giant fucking corruption. You have him promising it to his donors. You have a bunch of Billionaires who are gonna benefit from things working in the government. You have Trump himself working in it. You have companies given a million dollars to the inauguration who are gonna get huge benefits. Like we have to show that this is the exact corruption that people Trump said he was gonna fix. And now he is not fixing it.


He's exacerbating it to help the rich at your expense. And so I, and then the, the last piece of this is how is this all gonna get paid for in the end? It's gonna add trillions of dollars to deficit and Elon Musk and Viva are gonna wanna pay for it by cutting social security, Medicare and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. Is that what we're gonna do? And so I think those are sort of the three steps there. I totally agree with all that. I also think like we've gotta be able to make this real for people and tell stories about it that are not just sort of the typical, he's given tax cuts to the rich and not you, you know, like that's, that is the, that's the message. But we've gotta sort of add some color to the message so that it breaks through.


I think a fair lot of critiques from the left about how Kamala Harris and the campaign and all this, we've heard 'em all, we're not gonna do it all here. I think one that is fair is I don't think she is someone who like feels the, the populist anger towards like companies that are price gouging and taking advantage of people and making record profits while people can barely get by. Like she doesn't really feel that in her bones. At least that doesn't come across during in the campaign. I realize it was a short campaign. And to be fair, you don't get that from a lot of Democrats. And you know, I don't know which podcast I said this on, but I've been complaining about the glorification of, and the, the hero status awarded to Luigi Mangione.


But I also think there is a, a large space between that and saying, eh, whatever, rich people are rich people. Healthcare companies make profits. That's what they do, right? Like, like I do think that people should be going out, Democrats should be going out there every day talking about these companies that are gonna get a huge fucking windfall for nothing who have been gouging consumers raising prices in a country where people are really struggling to get by with their costs and like tell a story about it every single day. Make it the message over and over and over again. And you've gotta be creative and you've gotta figure out ways to break through. And you can't just be saying the same fucking words over and over again that seem like they came from a poll that tested really well.


Like you've gotta really, you know, make it make it real for folks. And so that's what I'm kinda hoping Democrats do in this fight. Like it's not enough to just do the same old, same old. One simple way to do that is to juxtapose the tax rates of these corporations with the tax rates of people, right? That yeah, Walmart's gonna pay a lower tax rate than the people who work at Walmart or shop at Walmart. And, and then I know I can already hear our fucking econ policy buddies saying it's totally unfair to compare individual and corporate tax rates, but I do not care. Go, go, go, go, go on another podcast and complain about that. Right. People, people think it's like, oh, it's the corporate money that's doing this and it's the donors that have, they've captured the Democrats. It's like, no, it's like the fucking walks.


They're like, no, that's not the reason. We know, we know all the reasons why, you know, that we know that corporate greed is not the only reason that people are struggling to get by. We know that. But it is disgusting that people are getting tax breaks, CEOs, executives, shareholders, when so many people are struggling and, and we're still dealing with high prices that it's fucking, it's, it's crazy. So, but like it should feel crazy to the Democrats going out there and talking about it and it should feel like it is a mission and that they are like offended on behalf of the American people by it. And that's the kind of energy I think we, we need in this fight.


The people who ga who decided this election for Trump did not send him to Washington to cut taxes for corporations. No, they're gonna be fucking shocked. That's one of the first things he does. Well look, I I've, I've seen the polling on this, right? Like tax cuts for the 1% for Billionaires, like they are less popular sometimes than corporate tax cuts because what they try to do when they talk about corporate tax cuts is say, well it's a lot of small businesses and when you give them tax cuts then they create jobs. And so if if corporations are doing well, then they hire more people and then wages go up and like they do this whole fucking song and dance. I really think you gotta hammer the fact that like we're talking about some of the most profitable corporations in the country who last time they got this tax cut, used it to enrich their executives and their shareholders and did not do anything about prices and did not hire more people and did not raise wages.


Like one of the thing we could do 17 podcast and we will do 17 podcasts on the corporate tax fight, on the tax, on the larger tax fight company. But one thing Democrats can do is you pick an income level by which you agree to extend them, but anything below x you're gonna extend. Yeah. And then you make the, which is what eventually happened with Obama and the Bush tax cuts and then the fight becomes about anything above that number. And so like we'd say we'd pass it tomorrow that everyone who makes under $300,000 a year, I'm just picking up out of, out of the sky that their, those tax will extend it. But anything above that, that they're fighting over that. And so you gotta isolate the fight for the very, very wealthy in the corporations. Yeah, I agree. Well, speaking of that, so part of the time person of the year routine is you, you sit down for a lengthy interview with the magazine, which Trump did at Mar-a-Lago in late November.


It just was released on Thursday. So it's a little, little dated but interviews very long. Most of it wasn't very newsy, but few notable things we hadn't heard before. At one point the reporters asked Trump quote, if the prices of groceries don't come down, will your presidency be a failure in his answer? I don't think so. Look, they got them up, I'd like to bring them down. It's hard to bring things down once they're up, you know, it's very hard. And then he goes on to talk about his solutions, which are just fixing the supply chain, which Joe Biden has been doing for the last four years. And lowering energy costs, which is involves drilling more for oil that won't do anything to lower gas prices for years if they start drilling now.


Because also we're producing more oil than anytime in history. Kind of a wow moment there. Trump's saying, I don't know if prices will actually go down. We find out on the day that he goes to the stock exchange and is like, but your taxes are going down Wall Street. That's the juxtaposition right there. Right. Which is, he's not gonna lower, he's not gonna lower your costs, but he is gonna lower the taxes for the wealthy and the corporations. Like that's sort of where you sit there as if it's like, it's not a wow moment for people who took like two semesters of econ, but it is, it runs, but we should make absolute hay 'cause it's what he promised. He promised he would lower costs and we have to hammer him when costs do not go down. They will continue to go up. They always do. And we like make that point, make him own it, right.


Yeah. And I think we need a, we need to come out with some plans of our own to lower costs for people and do so in a way that is, you know, achievable real that are paid for that you know, is isn't just government spending money, but also sort of regulating companies and making companies actually like do well by their workers. Right? Like I think that there's a a like a, a good progressive populist agenda here that also like makes sense to most Americans that we should, we should be pushing here. But I don't know, what do you think? I don't Know what the answer. Yeah, we should have plans. Sure, we should definitely have plans, but we need a, we need a simple idea that would also probably anger the econ nerds.


But that like, I think it's sometimes that we, we don't understand the power, the sim the power of symbolism in our ideas and we're more focused on the substance. It's like, yes, we're gonna have a 12 point plan and it's gonna do all these things and it's just like, you know, like Trump building the wall in getting Mexico to pay for it. Like the voters know that that was an absurd thing, but it sent a signal about them. So what like the, the wealth tax was an example of an idea that is tells a story about who you are more than the specifics of the policy. And so I think we need some things like that. I mean, Karis is enforcing the law against companies that price gouge, which I know she sort of backed away from for parts of the campaign was one of those things, right?


Where it's like, it's not gonna pass your Brookings test over, is it gonna solve all the problems, blah, blah blah. But it sent a signal that about who she is and what she would fight for. And I think we need to sort of think in some big picture less white papery ideas on how to do this Well I think they need, I think part of it is these ideas need to be paired with like who we're holding accountable. Because I think that sometimes it's just like a, it's a positive agenda, which is great, but I think it feels more urgent and is more appealing to people when you also talk about how, you know, these big companies and CEOs and everyone are like making money hand over fist and, and are more profitable than ever before and, and, and you're still struggling and so we're gonna help you blah, blah blah and make sure that they're paying their fair share, blah, blah, blah.


You know? Yeah. We need, we need an enemy. Reporters ask Trump whether it's a, a conflict of interest to let Elon Musk oversee the budgets of agencies that could grant huge contracts to his businesses. Trump said, I don't think so. And added, I think that Elon puts the country long before his company. I mean he's in a lot of companies, but he really is and I've seen it. Okay, you think this matters to people, Elon's getting to regulate his own businesses and might some of his budget cuts might affect his biggest competitor nasa? Like what? I think there, there is a chance that people think Elon is so rich that he doesn't care about money. They sort of felt that way about Trump in some ways, but I think that, I don't think we should accept that premise of that argument.


And I believe that our best argument against Trump and Republicans is corruption. It's all corrupt. This is so fucking corrupt that the richest man in the world spent over a hundred million dollars to get Donald Trump elect $200 million to get Trump elected and is now gonna get billions of dollars in tax cuts and gets to pick the people who regulate his companies. Like tell that story. And you can go down the line with all of Trump's appointees, the people who are in and out of government, David Sachs who invest in a whole kinds of companies being the AI and cryptos are all of these things that tell that like this really is, you know, I dunno if you listen to rom Emmanuel on Ezra's podcast, I'm, I'm, it's, I'm almost at the end You're taking a small dose. It's been out for weeks.


You just, I think you told me you Were starting I'm been busy. I've been doing a lot of stuff. Yeah, You think you just like, I can only take rom in seven minute doses at a time, so it's gonna take me Basically Yes. 10 days to Get through Rom used. Like, well I'm, I'm at the part where rom you know, is, is talking about the Bill Clinton, 1992 New Hampshire, the hits I've taken are nothing like the hits your family's taken. I'm like, oh man, you're, you're here now. You're about three minutes away from a a Obama reference that's gonna feel equally dated to a lot of people listening to this podcast. Cool, Cool, cool. Great. But he rom used the term that the Oval Office is eBay. Now that is a, that is not the term I would use. It's So also so rom that's such ARMRA. It's A, it's, it's, it's a very, it's like an nineties term. Yeah, it's, but that is the, The gala gave him that line, Right?


That is the image. He might have given him that line in 1998. But the image that we want to do that we wanna sell is that they're, these people are all fucking corrupt. That they are all making money hand over fists that your expense, you've got all these rich people in there doing it. They're getting text cuts themself, they're picking the regulators, they're getting away with stuff you could never get away with. And we have to, if we can tell that story vividly, I think we really do have a chance to reverse the politics on a lot of this. I think there's something that we need to add to the corruption message because I think if you told most Americans that Trump and all of his goons in the White House are using it to enrich themselves, but also you are getting richer too, and your costs are going down or you're getting a tax cut or you're getting something, then people would be like, yeah, it's not great that they're doing that, but honestly kind of figured that was the case when we elected him.


Yeah, that's true. And, and I'm getting my, like it's, it almost goes back to the, the famous ad, you know, Kalo is for they them, and Donald Trump's for you, like we've gotta make it seem, which is, is is gonna be the reality that Donald Trump and Elon Musk and all these idiots, they're just there for themselves. They are just there to take care of themselves, their businesses, their people, and everyone else is getting screwed. Like that's the corruption I think that really gets people pissed and not just the like, yeah, we're, we're making a lot of money, but so are you, everyone's making money. It's great. Well, I mean that's where the, that's where the prices matter, right? If yes, the crump shit message is gonna matter more just like people turn against the wealthy, like in Occupy Wall Street, they turn against the poor and people on government assistance in times of economic strife.


And Yep. If the prices really don't go down and people continue to be angry to set about the economy, they're gonna have much less tolerance for these guys fucking throwing parties for themselves in the, in the Oval office with just lighten money on fire. Yeah. Okay. We're gonna take a quick break. Couple things before we do that though.


You've heard us talk about Crookeds Limited, empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD. It's been getting some really amazing year end reviews. If you haven't started it, now's a perfect time in just eight episodes. Empire City takes you back to the origins of the NYPD and completely reframes the way we think about policing today. You can listen to the series now wherever you get your podcasts, or you can binge all episodes ad free on Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Also, Tommy recently joined Brian Tyler Cohen on his show, no Lie with Brian Tyler Cohen to talk about Trump's cabinet picks Democrats path forward and lots more plus exciting update, no lie is now an official partner of the Crooked network. How how great is that? That's exciting Love. BTCI know we love BTC, you can hear Tommy and Brian's conversation in all episodes wherever you get your podcasts.


One of the exchanges that got the most attention was a question about trans rights and so-called bathroom bills. The reporters reminded Trump that he said in 2016 that trans people should be able to use whatever bathroom they want and asked whether he still felt that way. And Trump said quote, I don't want to get into the bathroom issue because it's a very small number of people we're talking about and it's ripped apart our country. And he added, we're talking about a very small number of people and we're talking about it and it gets massive coverage. And it's not a lot of people, reporters then brought up the house bill to ban Sarah McBride from women's bathrooms. But instead of asking whether he supported that bill, they asked whether he agreed with Sarah that we should focus on bigger issues. And he said yes. And then they asked about the anti-trans ad that the campaign ran and he didn't take the bait there either.


What did you think about his answers on this? Do you remember in the primary, when Trump would go to rallies and he would be like, every time I bring up the trans issue, you guys all applaud. So I keep bringing it up, right? Like he was sort of mystified by the power of it. Well, I just, so I think it is something that he has followed the, unlike immigration, this is not an issue that has been a long cause of his, he just is sort of following the applause in the room. I think it's fucking gross to say, oh, it doesn't matter. Oh, it's not a big issue. After you mentioned it all the fucking time on the campaign trail in the mo in the grossest, most bigoted way possible, I generally think he also was probably surprised to be reminded that he said that about bathrooms in 20 Yeah.


16 or whenever he said that. And so he's just now trying to square all the circles in his little head that I was right then, I'm right now. And then they gave him an obvious out by the way they asked the question about the Sarah McBride statement. So we could just push it, push 'em both aside and not really, not really have to answer. I will say like even if Donald Trump himself does not want to spend a lot of time focusing on trans rights and, and, and, and not a lot of time, you know, beating up on trans people like he did during the campaign, cynically, I do think this is an issue that's going to come to him and Democrats are gonna have to still deal with. It's not just a, oh, we're gonna argue about it past the campaign.


We're gonna argue about it in the context of the campaign kind of kind of thing. I spoke to a Rolling Stone reporter, j Holman, who wrote a a, it's a really great piece that everyone should, and it's an important piece that everyone should read about how this is gonna come up in Congress, which is that Republicans want to do a hide like amendment that will withhold government funding from any healthcare provider that gets money from the federal government to make sure that they do not provide any gender affirming care. So just like now Thehy amendment is, you know, if federal money cannot go to any provider, any hospital that performs abortions, that's why a lot of hospitals do not perform abortions.


Why they're abortion clinics because of the Hyde Amendment and they want to do something like that for gender affirming care. And the question will be like, do enough Democrats stand up and stop this? And I think it could not just be done through reconciliation. I think you would need to overcome a filibuster in the Senate to actually get this done. Because that's the same thing with the Hyde Amendment. You can't get rid of that through reconciliation either. So you can't just do 51 votes in a budget bill. So I think we would have those to stop it, but you could imagine the argument from Republicans and then you can see what Trump will do, which would be, you know, well no, taxpayers shouldn't fund gender affirming care, taxpayers shouldn't do this.


And what do you think, like how do, how do you think Democrats respond to that? Because I think this is one where fuck the polls on this, like we just, that is, you gotta stand up for it and, and I think what we have to do is figure out a way to message it so that it is as popular as possible, even knowing that it may not be a majority position, and that they might think that this is a wedge issue that that does that helps them politically. I think, and this just goes to one of the lessons of how trans issues played out in the campaign, which is you have to engage, you can't ignore them, and you have to engage by going bigger. Because when you get to the bigger issues of human rights and civil rights and treating people with tolerance, we have the high side of the argument, both more morally obviously, but also politically.


And when Republicans are able to narrow focus it around sports teams, bathrooms, taxpayer funded surgeries and the, and the infamous ad, then they often, they often win that. And so we should absolutely take it on. We should, we should. It would be, it would be so demoralizing to people in our party if Senate Democrats were unwilling to use the filibuster to stand up to protect this. So we absolutely cannot do it. And I will say for, you know, the in, in the piece Holzman, you know, was expressing the concern of a lot of activists and groups that like Maybe, you know, there's not enough Democrats to stand up on this. I do think the ones the one silver lining of the Democratic caucus right now in the Senate, which is it's quite safe.


It's quite safe. I was gonna say it is, it is more, we lost mansion, we lost cinema, we also lost the majority, but the people left are like mainstream to progressive, you know, like we don't have a lot of centrist and, and center right folks in the caucus anymore. And so I I, I do expect that the centers will seem, but it's, but it's something that's coming and people should prepare for it so that they don't just, it doesn't surprise everyone. And you know, and then Just, I a hundred percent agree that I do, maybe, maybe this is naive on my part, but I do believe that senate Democrats would fight, would, would stop this. The other thing is what Donald Trump says on trans issues is also not that important because what you have to really watch is what's gonna happen in his administration.


Yes. With project 2025, which basically compared being trans to pornography and just a series of very dangerous policies are likely to be implemented, whether Trump wants to have the issue or have the conversation or not, and we're gonna have to fight every single one of those at, at we can politically, at the ballot box legally, et cetera. Well, and this, this is an issue that's come up right now even before Trump takes office because the defense authorization Bill Mike Johnson slipped in a provision that said the children of service members are not allowed to get gender affirming care through the coverage that their parents get by being in the military. Most democrats in the house revolted against this.


Obviously we didn't have the votes because the Republicans control the house. So now that goes to the Senate and you know, I don't, you know, I, I don't, I don't know what's gonna happen there, but this is the kind of, these are the kind of things that they're gonna try to do. They're gonna try to chip away at trans rights and gender affirming care bit by bit. And then I think test Democrats to see if they stand up for it. And if they do, then say, oh see, they're still obsessed with the trans issue. They lost on it and they're still obsessed with it. Like that's what they're gonna do. So Just, this is one of, one of the things, things, there aren't a lot of benefits of being a minority, but one of them is that you can't just do the right thing sometime. Yeah, that is correct. That is correct. Speaking of the, the house bathroom bill and its sponsor, Congresswoman Nancy Mace of South Carolina Mace is now set on making sure everyone knows she's the real victim here On Tuesday, she spoke at an event for foster care providers and alumni in one of the house office buildings.


This is a wild story. A foster care advocate apparently came up to her after she spoke and said something about how trans kids need advocacy too. What happened next is disputed, but a police report says that this person quote, began to aggressively and in an exaggerated manner, shake her arm up and down in a handshaking motion. The police report was filed by Nancy Mason, her staff. So this is their side of the story. The advocate has pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor assault. Some of the people in the room say they didn't see anything out of the ordinary, just a handshake regardless. Mace's now wearing her arm in a sling and making a big thing of it publicly reassuring her many fans about her odds of survival and so on.


She went on Benny Johnson's show Sling in full effect to accuse trans people of having a mental illness. If I didn't have a medical degree, I don't know if I would be accusing other people of having a mental illness if I was Nancy Mace. But that's just me. What do you think's going on here? What is this? Just like, I mean, he, I guess reporters have requested the security footage. So like we're gonna find out what the handshake was like at some point. And you know, maybe Nancy Mace famous truth teller is just telling the truth about being assaulted with a violent handshake. It's totally possible, Nancy Mace, but it's possible that it's also possible that maybe she was looking for attention.


Who knows Nancy Mace looking for attention. It's crazy. No, I know. No, I am not accusing her of that. I just want you to know, I'm saying it is a possibility that that could be one of the outcomes. It is also possible that she, that someone came up and asked her a question and violently assaulted her hand. That is A, by shaking is a common technique for injury. Is the The old handshake. Switcheroo, yes. That I've, if I've seen it once, I've seen it a hundred times, Dan, I would just say, look, I, I, as a person who waits for the facts, I will, I anxiously await the security footage to be released probably directly to Benny Johnson or Tucker Carlson or someone like that. Yeah. It'll be with the January 6th footage that Mike Johnson has been sitting on.


But That Nancy Mace has a long history of stunts to get attention. And so this would not be out of line. One of her former staffers posted on Twitter. This is the same woman who told staff, myself included during January 6th that she wanted to get punched in the face by a rioter so she could get on TV and be the face of the anti-Trump movement. That's back when she wanted to be part of the anti-Trump movement and was so mad at him for the riot on January 6th. She wanted to get punched in the face. That story was first reported in the Washington Post, and that's now her former staffer confirming it on Twitter.


So that's Nancy Mace. One last thing in the time interview before we go, they asked Trump all about his thoughts on his campaign strategy, the campaign in general, why he won, why Harris lost. He said his campaign was flawless. He didn't take any days off in the last 72 days. He called it, he's got a name for it. He said it's called the 72 Days of Fury. He said that he thinks the issue of immigration was a bigger factor in his victory than the economy and that he won because the Republican party has become the party of common sense. He also said, Kamala Harris's worst mistakes. Were one, taking the assignment because you have to know what you're good at. And two, not doing enough interviews. So that's his, that's his assessment. What do you think?


Were we missing anything? Did you, did you read that and think maybe I was missing something there? Maybe he's got a point. No, I did not. I read that whole interview top to bottom and at no point Me Too, boy was that a long interview. And at no point was, when I read that, I was like, you know what? I know why magazines have fallen down. Like Yeah, lemme just tell everyone who's listen saying we're real. We're doing it for you here. You do not have to go read this interview. Yes, We are we're we are basically just an AI bot reading these and telling you the best parts it. And so, but I read that whole interview and at no point was I like, man, he's kinda got a point there. That did not happen. It's particularly not on this part. I trying to figure out what the seventies, two days were because Kamala Harris got in with 1 0 7.


Oh with 70. Maybe it was po maybe it was post, post Debate maybe. Or post D nnc Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. Or it's a fucking number. Maybe he doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about because he just picked, I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with that one. Yeah, I it, the thing is now the second time I think that he has said that immigration was a bigger issue than the economy. Yeah. And I just think that is something to keep in mind because his actions suggest he does not understand why he was elected. And it had a lot more to do with inflation than with immigration. Immigration was a big issue. I'm not gonna take that. I'm not gonna suggest it wasn't, but particularly for a lot of the voters who picked him over Kamala Harris or who moved to him who would vote for Biden 20 inflation was their top issue. And if you focus on things other than inflation, you will pay a price for that before too long.


Yeah, I do. Th there's something to the people came to believe that the Republican Party, I was party of common sense. I don't think they think that about the Republican party necessarily, but they thought that somehow that Trump and what he was selling was a little more common sense. And I think it's hard to square, right, because you're like common sense. He seemed fucking nuts. And look in exit polls, more voters said that he was more extreme than Kamala Harris. So there's that. But when he was in common sense, he was talking about the economy, he was talking, you know, he is like, people realize that they shouldn't be paying so much for groceries and people think and on immigration, right? Like I do think people probably saw his view on immigration as more common sense than where the Democrats were.


Even though I think I could make an argument that we're much more common sense on immigration. But I don't think that came through to people. We could spend a lot of pods and we will talking about why, but I, I I, I do think there's probably some truth to this. I think The Democrats became the party to some voters of out of touch extremism. Yeah. And that is a process that began long before Kamala Harris was the nominee. It was exacerbated by probably our above a lot, the parties sticking with Joe Biden for a long time. It was exacerbated by that the, the Trans act we talked about exacerbated by Kamala Harris saying on the view that there, she couldn't think of any re place to set.


She had, nothing would come to mind in terms of where she would differ from Biden. But it also has been been going on since Covid where we have been sort of relentlessly defined out of the mainstream as a party. And it doesn't mean that people are fully on board with Trump or think he is the party of common sense, but I think we seemed a little less in touch with working class people that made a lot less in touch with working class people. And that's, and that's why he won. Yeah. I think it would be fair to say that people perceived us as no longer or, or less of a party of common sense than Yes. He was more, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think they did anything to, One was a party of common sense. Yes. Right. Yeah. But we seemed like less, less of a party of common sense than maybe we had in the past. So that is, and look, again, it's not all Democrat's faults, but you know, we have control over what we say and, and how we act and how we approach politics.


So something to keep in mind. Alright, that's our show for today, Tommy Lovett and I will be back with a new show on Tuesday. Everyone have a great weekend. We'll see you later. Bye Everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn. Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Toles.