
Today's episode is brought to you by Conclave, a gripping thriller from Academy Award-winning director Edward Berger, starring Ray Fine, Stanley Tucci, John Liko, and Isabella Rossini Conclave is only in theaters. October 25th, the Pope is dead. The throne is vacant. Conclave is an unprecedented in illuminating glimpse into the inner workings of the Catholic church as it follows, one of the world's most secretive and ancient events. Selecting the new Pope Conclave is only in theaters October 25th. Visit conclave the film.com to get tickets now.


Today's episode of Positive of America is brought to you by The Financial Times in a pivotal year for global politics, everyone's expected to have an opinion, but with so much information out there, how can you draw conclusions with conviction? With the financial times, you can form your own opinions based on unbiased and trusted reporting. Their journalists tackle global issues with an impartial and rigorous mindset, providing the facts and analysis you need to make up your own mind. Visit ft.com/pod save to read free articles and subscribe.


Welcome to another special episode of Pod Save America. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. This is the second of four bonus pods I'll be hosting on Sundays in the lead up to the election. If you like these episodes, I highly Recommend you. Sign up to get my subscriber show Polar Coaster by subscribing to Friends of the Pod at crooked.com/friends, or through the Apple Podcast feed. It's where we really dig deep into polling, and it's a great way to support Crooked Media. And we have a 25% off discount for annual subscriptions right now. In today's episode, I'll be talking to Amy Walter, one of the smartest people I know in politics, the publisher and Editor in Chief of the Cook, Political Report and host of our own podcast, the odd Years about the State of the House and Senate Racists and Democrats, chances of winning a trifecta in this election.


Amy Walter, welcome. To Pod. Save. America. How are you? Thank you. I'm pretty good. I'm, I'm still here. So really, that's, that's the goal. That is the goal that I am upright and, you know, just trying to, to pace myself While we have you on, I wanna talk about the presidential race, but also the Senate and the house. Something you're, yeah, both of, all three of which you're an expert in. Let's start with the presidential. Three weeks ago or so, Democrats were feeling ec ecstatic, they were feeling confident. Over the last week or so, the Democrats have gotten anxious. We've had, this is the phase we get in every year. Have you seen anything in what you've seen in the race and the polling and the people you're talking to that would justify the vibe shift among Democrats?


Yeah, Dan, it's a really good question, and I, I dug into this myself because I, I, I always wonder, all right, how much of this is real and how much of this is just sort of the, a mood that's not backed up by actual data. And so if you look at the national average, like things haven't moved that much. They're moving around the edges at the state level. I think the reason for the frustration, depression, whatever you wanna call it, anxiety among Democrats, is that you could see, and if you go to the 5 38 site, which does a great job with this, right? Because they have the trend line, and you as well as many of the folks in your business, in our business, yeah, appreciate a good trend line, right?


And what you can see, though, it is a very small trend line, but that the peak for Harris was basically not surprisingly close to the end of September, right? That was after she had the strong debate performance. You had the DNC that went really well, the waltz rollout went well, right? Like that was, I would say, peak for Harris. And since then, it's kind of gone down. And so instead of being ahead in a state like Michigan, by an average of two points, she's now ahead by nine tenths of a point, right? Or one point. So we're really talking about movement of a point or a half a point in most of those battleground states.


But as you know, half a point or a point is the difference between winning and losing in these states. So it seems, I there, there is some reason to, again, if you're just looking at the poll averages to say, well, boy, was that a peak? Did she peak too early? That's the thing. Democrats also love to talk about, oh, we peaked, we peaked too early. We, we need to peak at the election. But it's also a sign that, you know, coalescing the base has gotten her to a certain place, but it's not getting her o as far as she needs to, to win this thing outright. The other thing I noticed, and we noticed this in our own data, as well as just looking at all those national, the network polls that came out last weekend, that her slipping is with independent voters.


And so, you know, that's something to keep aware of, but again, we're talking about a, a movement of half a point, two a point. So freak out about that as you will. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Choose, choose, choose your level of panic based on the information. Yes. It, it's so hard because we've never seen a race this close in all the states. That's right. It's just usually the margins are a little bit larger and usually they're larger in some states and maybe narrow in just the tipping point state, for instance. But here it's all seven and nationally are within the margin of error. So it's so hard to separate real movement. Exactly. From statistical noise, From noise, and then, right.


And from what is, to me, it kind of comes back to all, well, how likely do you think these people who are answering the polls or who we're waiting the polls to are, are gonna show up? Right. And that's where we really get into the, the difficult prediction part, because, you know, we all talk about, it comes down, it all comes down to turnout, right. But the, nobody really knows what that's gonna look like. Yeah. And you, you know, it is part of your quick political report, swing state polling project. You had an analysis that showed that Kamala Harris is doing much better with highly engaged voters, right?


And that Trump is depending on low to mid propensities. Can you talk a little bit about what you guys found there? Yeah, yeah. Thanks for bringing that up, right? We, we did this project, we've had three different polls doing them with BSG, the Benen Strategy group, democratic Polling Firm, and GS Strategy Group, which is a Republican firm. And these guys have been fantastic partners in part because they both work in states that are purple or sometimes in states that aren't friendly to their side. So they appreciate a real swing state. But what, but what we did is we broke up the overall electorate in those seven states into basically three buckets.


One being people who show up in every, who've shown up in the last four Elections. And what we know about people who show up in election after election is they're gonna show up in this election, right? If you voted in four outta the last four Elections, there's a 90 plus percent chance you're showing up in this election as long as you're physically able to do so. The next, and, and by the way, that group of voters, that's somewhere around 60% of the electorate, right? So they're, they're the biggest share, but you know, just over a majority. And then another 30 ish percent fall into the category they voted in anywhere from one to three of the last four Elections.


And then the final bucket, which is the smallest bucket, are people who said they've registered since 2022. So they weren't able to vote in any of those four Elections. Now, the one consistent for May through this last poll we did in September is those most engaged voters were voting for the Democrat, whether that's Biden or Harris by four points. And that goes to kind of the makeup of that electorate, which we know is it's an older group, it is whiter than average, right? It's less diverse than, than the overall electorate. And it's probably gonna be more college educated than the overall electorate.


And these are the voters that are propelling and have propelled democrats to success in 2018, in 2020. But certainly most, IM, I think most notably in 2022. And if those were the only voters that turned out in this election, that would be pretty good news for Kamala Harris to be ahead by four points in the battleground states, right? Right. This isn't nationally, this is a battleground state, but then you put in those low propensity voters and Trump has about a seven point lead with those voters. His lead among them has varied between five and 10 points. And those voters, again, not surprisingly younger, they are gonna be more, identify more as independent, more diverse in terms of the electorate.


And what's funny, Dan, is when you and I came up in politics, we would look at that group of voters. We say younger, more diverse, those are demo, those are Democrats. You just need to, to get them out to vote. Right now, they're leaning more to Trump. Now, I don't know, I think a big piece of of his success has been from the really, from the very beginning, from 2016, is turning out people who are not traditional voters, right? People who are either tuned outta politics or who are really cynical about politics. And so if we think about, alright, what is, what's motivating those voters and how does Harris sort of chop into that group of voters?


You know, some of them are gonna be motivated by, by something that she does or says that also feels like it's different. Like she is going after the status quo as well, that she's skeptical of, you know, a lot of the institutions out there. And so her message, when I see her message on things like, you know, we're taking on price gouging, we're taking on big pharma, right? It is aimed at a lot of the voters out there who are in that camp of yeah, I'm the little guy I'm getting picked on by the big guy.


Where Trump wins them over, of course, is by saying, I am the great disruptor. I am. I'm not beholden to anyone or anything. I am unlike any other politician. And that makes me able to do things that no other politician's been able to do. It's very interesting you say like the reversal on the parties I had Yeah. I was interviewing, which is an awkward experience for me, but I was interviewing David Pl last week s right. And he was making this case about it, and it is like an out-of-body experience because that was the Obama coalition. That was the argument against Obama's electability both in the primaries and the general was relying on all these young people. Young people never vote, then they turn out. But what is interesting though is like we knew that challenge and we built a campaign to account for that, a massive volunteer driven field organization.


We had, you know, we had organized everywhere. And the Trump folks are taking a very different approach. Like that's right. They, they, they don't have a traditional field organization. They've outsourced it to Elon Musk and others. I'm sure you're hearing plenty of concerns as everyone does from Republicans about the status of that. What have you heard? That's right. You know, I do hear that it, it's, it's not as loud as, say it was in 2020 when there was a lot of hand wringing about the fact that Trump was actively discouraging people from doing mail-in voting. You know, I would talk to folks in Pennsylvania who were like, you know, we, the mail-in vote piece, we're trying to put a mail-in vote program in place, but we are getting pushback from the very people who are supposed to be helping us institute it, because Trump told them that it was, it was rigged, right?


Yeah. So they are now doing more of a, and outside groups are doing more of a mail-in process with their voters. Now, does that mean they're picking up those low propensity voters with the mail-in program? I don't know. That's a, that is a very, that is very, very good question. And you know, it also comes back to look how much do you believe that the, the reason that say Trump did better in 2020 than many expected was because they did doors and, and traditional field, and Democrats did not, I don't know.


I mean, I'm, I'm not here to say that field doesn't matter or that all those people who are working really hard on both sides on the ground going to doors, that it, it, it doesn't make a difference. What I wonder though, is whether what Trump has, has shown time and time again, is his ability to infiltrate into areas of the electorate that nobody else can, no traditional politician can, is what allows him to get turnout among voters, even without the quote unquote traditional field programs. It's, it's really interesting. 'cause in 16 and 20, well, 16 in particular, his turnout sort of, his turnout boost was primarily among white non-college educated, primarily rural voters who are true, who are profile, they come from Republican parts of the country.


They, they profiles Republican. They had just not, there were people who found mit, MIT Romney to be not someone who could speak to them. And Trump could, we can probably spend six years trying to understand why that is. But that is the case here. He is trying to do something a little bit different. That's right. Is he's trying to get people who are come from democratic parts of the country in some cases who are, have agreed with Democrats on some issues to do it. So it's just, it's interesting. Like we're obviously not going to A class. Well, no, it's, it's really, I know it, and this is the really fascinating question, right? Which is, I mean, if you, I was just looking through today the support that Trump is getting from black voters, right? And, and you know, he's getting somewhere like 20% of black men now that's nationally, I don't know, you know, you'd have to get into some of the cross tabs of these other polls to see how he's doing in states like Georgia, et cetera.


But essentially what the polls seem to be telling us, and the reason that Trump is doing better in Georgia, let's say, than in Pennsylvania or in Wisconsin, is that exact thing, Dan, is that he's doing that much better with black voters. And I would assume that it's gonna be with black men. The thing that I keep coming back to, and I know your conversation with, with David Pluff kind of centered on this too, is this idea of, you know, looking at Trump's vote share rather than focusing on the margin. So I was just looking at, for example, the, the Pew poll out from early October.


And if you look at the support that Donald Trump is getting from, say, men under 50, okay? In 2020, Biden won those voters by 10 men under 50. And right now Trump is only losing them by one. So that's, you know, a nine point swing. But if you look just at the share of the vote that Trump is getting from those voters, it's not any different. I can't remember the exact number. Let's call it, let's call it 39%. Yeah. Okay. And now he's getting 40% of those voters. So what you have is a whole chunk of younger voters who are sitting out there who are not committed to Trump, but they're not giving their votes to Harris yet either.


And that goes to this point about who would you rather be in this scenario? Would you rather be the Harris campaign who's basically, than it seems like their challenge is getting those voters to come out for them rather than sitting at home instead of worrying about whether those voters are gonna actually go to Donald Trump. In other words, he is looking stronger with those voters, in part because Harris's numbers looked that much weaker than where Biden was at the end of 2020. And so that's the thing that I keep sort of grappling with to your point about like, well, what does this really, really look like?


And how many of these people actually do come out and go to the polls? So I think there is a real underperformance for Harris at this moment, but what we don't know is if that's going to result in an over performance at the end of the day by Trump. Yeah. It's, it is, it's, this is such a confusing election Yes. In so many ways. But one of the ways is that I think in order to adjust for the anti-Trump polling error last time is everyone is trying to, most, I would say most people are trying to model their, the, their vision of the 2024 electorate based on the 2020 electorate.


Right. We're Right. Exactly. We're getting to the very esoteric debate about whether you wait your poll based on Exactly the Past, how people voted yes, voted in 2020, and that that could be right, that could be wrong. But that was in itself a black swan election because of the pandemic Yep. And the changes in voting behavior turnout was so high. And so it's just the, like the margins and the vote share in Halas actually looks this, there is this feeling, and I've never talked, seen an election where so few people are confident in saying anything about what could possibly happen, Because I know it. We're all just, we're all, we're on a very, we're on a very rickety ledge Yes. With how we're, how we're looking at it. It's possible that how we're thinking about it and how we're, and it's been so long, like even 16 was a very bizarre election too.


Low turnout relative, huge third party participation that tilted these states. Then you have 2020. And now here we are with a new brand new candidate who started four months ago that they, you know, there's never been a less known candidate this Close to the end. Exactly. Yeah. And that we've had never had, we've had, we have an election where, again, you and I, growing up in politics, you always say, well, all right, what's a presidential election about? Do you wanna stay the course or do you wanna go in a different direction? And what's fascinating about this election is we have the guy who is the challenger. So the different direction is the semi incumbent right. People, this is not brand new to anybody, but what direction he wants to go in and what it would be like to have a, a term with him in office.


And then you have Harris, who's also new, as you said, people don't, there's still a lot to fill in about her, and yet she's the incumbent. And so having to defend the status quo. So you can't really put either one of them cleanly into that. I'm the, I'm the change candidate. They are both trying to grab onto that. And then they both have their past, their past votes, their past behaviors that are tethering them to this idea that they're really not change. So I think that's what's also hard about it, because you're right. If, if, if you were in a cave, Dan, for the last 10 years, or maybe let's not call it a cave.


Let's say you were just in a luxurious, wonderful place for 10 years. You knew nothing about our politics. The last campaign you did was 2008, and you came out and you said, and I told you there's an incumbent president not running again, but with an approval rating in the forties. And we're coming off really high inflationary period where people are still pretty frustrated about the state of the economy. Oh and 70% of people think the country's headed in the wrong direction. Do you think that incumbent party would win? You'd be like, eh, probably not. I mean, I'd, I'd rather be the out party, Right? If that was a poli sci 1 0 1 test and you wrote, yes, the income win, you would fail.


And I think that's just an in, no one knows what's gonna happen. But there is this, you can hear it in some of the critiques that's happening. Like, this is a race that Kamala Harris should be running away with. Now put aside that bespeaks a real under misunderstanding of how polarization works and how the electoral college works. Yes. But even then on paper, this is, this is Trump's election to Lose Exactly. That's right. Be just on ev and there, there we go. Yeah. Everything right there. And she's being asked to do something unprecedented to go from a standing start to running against not just some random schmo nominated by the Republican Iowa caucus, but by the former incumbent president of the United States running again. And so it just, I think our, every, a lot of sort of, the, the framework of analysis that's come to this election, I think is off because Trump is such a unique figure.


Exactly. But when you do the fundamentals, and it's interesting, 'cause of the fundamentals of the political environment massively favor Trump for all the reasons you said. Yeah. You can put aside the fact that unemployment is at a historic low. But, but because, because of inflation, because of Biden's approval rating, 'cause of the wrong direction number, but the fundamentals of her candidacy favor her. Right. She's more popular. And in general, in a normal world, you would, and she's significantly more popular, you would say undecided break for the better liked candidate you would say she has who has more money. Yeah. Who has a better campaign and a better organization. So she, so it is like these two big, you know, these, these two forces going against each other, right. It between the political environment for Trump and the candidacy and the candidate skills for her.


Yeah. And that, and that makes, right, that makes it all the harder to figure out where these last batch of people who are not yet committed to voting slash committed to a candidate are going to, you know, what is it that's gonna push those voters over the edge? And you know, again, in the old days you'd say, well, there's gonna be, you know, what is it, what are we, what's the issue environment going into the last three weeks of this election again? And who is that gonna favor? So I mean, there's a lot that's happened, Dan. We've had two assassination attempts.


Yep. On one candidate. We've had a growing war in the Middle East. We've got, you know, let's see major disasters, natural disasters in North Carolina and Florida. None of those things alone are making much of a dent in terms of the, the race in terms of the, just the overall polling or the sense that, oh, this is a political environment that is going to be beneficial to one candidate or the other. There's so much conversation about the October surprise, what's the October surprise gonna be? Maybe we already had it when we had two hurricanes on the first week of October.


But what's different now is not only do we have this small group of voters are gonna have this election, but their me, the media environment is so different now. Like I think all the time, about 2004 and the last weekend when that audio tape of Bin Laden came out and leading every newspaper, every news story was about Bin Laden pledging to attack America again. And I don't know whether John Kerry would've won if that had not come out, but that definitely puts in people's head in issue environment this favor for Bush. This is the security election. Exactly. Let's take a quick break. We'll be right back.


Pod Save America is brought to you by the International Rescue Committee for more than 90 years. When crises strike from war and violence to floods and famine, the International Rescue Committee has been there helping displaced families survive, recover, and rebuild. The IRC responds within 72 hours of an emergency and stays as long as needed, providing humanitarian aid to millions of families. Right now in crisis stricken places like Gaza, Lebanon, Afghanistan, and Ukraine. Severe winter weather is putting displaced families at even greater risk. Many makeshift camps can't withstand the extreme cold. Some people live without reliable electricity, while others can't afford the fuel to heat their homes. Pregnant women, children, the elderly and people with disabilities are especially vulnerable. Your tax deductible donations can help the IRC provide critical resources, emergency food, clean water, shelter, fuel, medicine, blankets, winter gear, and cash assistance you can give confidently. Because the IRC is consistently awarded top marks by charity watchdog groups for their efficient use of donor contributions, donate today by visiting rescue.org/rebuild. That's rescue.org/rebuild.


Pat Save America is brought to you by Delete Me. Ever wonder how much of your personal data is out there on the internet for everyone to see more than you think. Your name, contact info, social security number, and home address, even information about your family members is all being compiled by Data Brokers and sold online. But now you can protect your privacy with Delete Me a subscription service that removes your personal info from hundreds of data brokers. Sign up and provide. Delete me with exactly what information you want deleted and their experts. Take it from there. Delete me, send you regular personalized privacy reports showing you what they found, where they found it, and what they removed. Delete Me isn't just a one-Time service, delete me is always working for you. Constantly monitoring and removing the personal information you don't want on the internet. Listen, I think a lot of us have experienced the situation where, you know, someone called you or reached out to you or sent something to your house and you have no idea how they got that information. And it's really scary and unnerving and just not something that anyone should have to go through. So that's why Delete Me is a great option to give you that peace of mind and try to get whatever data you can off the internet so it's not there for everyone to see. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan by texting PSA to 6 4 0 0 0 text PSA to 6 4 0 0 0. That's PSA to 6 4 0 0 0 message and data rates may apply. See terms for details.


Hot Day America is brought to you by prize picks. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week. Christian McCaffrey run for more than 75 and a half yards. I don't Think he's injured. Cook up Hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game. Run that game. It says your game. I know I'm just double stamp of what you're saying. Okay, you run that game, John. Run your game on prize picks. Run your game on prize picks. Prize picks is the best way to get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. And you can now win up to a hundred times your money with as little as four correct picks. Wanna play prize picks alongside Drusky, Joe Biden and MMA Champ Sean O'Malley. Yeah, you can now find community plays under the promos tab of the app to view entries from some of the biggest names in the prize picks community from the Beat Dru Key's ass this week. There you go. Prize picks. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price Picks is very, very fun. It's like the best parts of fantasy football, but with a totally different format that's super easy to use. We have a friend here, Ryan in Los Angeles, who's a psycho annoying Steelers fan. So basically my goal is to find as many price picks this week that personally insult him. 'cause he's very into it as well. So stay tuned That. And also checking out some Patriots Prize picks. Yeah, maybe Jacobi, Brit. There we go. Use one on one. Now that's surprising. We should be in Seattle, but you know, something a, a conversation for another day, but check out Price Pick. It's very fun. Download the app today and use Code CR to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's Code CR for $50 instantly after you play your first $5 prize picks, run your game must be present in certain states. Visit prize picks.com for restrictions and details.


Let's pivot to the Senate. The narrative is that the democratic chance of holding the Senate has gone way down. This was spurred in large part by your publication, the Cook political report, moving John Tester from a toss up race to a lean Republican race. How do you see the overall Senate map right now? And I assume you agree with that, that assessment about Chance. Yeah, it, it, it is, you know, look, this was always going to be a challenging map for Democrats. We've known that since the very beginning of the cycle. So holding on to Red States in a presidential year is tough. Tester's challenge in Montana is even a little bit harder than say she Brown's challenge in Ohio because Trump is gonna win the state of Montana by probably twice as much as he will win Ohio.


So for tester to win, he's gonna need to get, you know, one in five Trump voters or something like that. I think there was a time, again going back, I feel like this old person now back in my day, but you know, where Montana was a more parochial place and where you could be a Max BCUs, a John tester, where you are a Montana Democrat, you are distinguished by people in that state from national Democrats in part because of your voting record, but also how you look and act, right? The farmer and the buzz cut and the whole deal, which in an era of more nationalized politics and in a state that is growing really, really quickly, I think the number now is only half the people who are in Montana right now, we're actually born there.


Yeah. And so that makes it really hard for tester to o outrun the national environment like he was able to do in previous years. I think the remarkable thing to watch though, is how well shared Brown has been Yeah. Holding on in a state that Trump's probably gonna carry by 10 points. And I think some of that is Brown's own brand, but the fact that he has been able to outspend and, and in fact went on the air early and his Republican opponent was dark for a good chunk of the summer, allowing Brown to really control the narrative around this race.


Now at the end of the day, Moreno may be able to just count on a strong Trump performance to pull him up over the line. So it's not as dangerous to to to be trailing a, an incumbent like Moreno is right now, or be tied with an incumbent as it would be in a purple state or a bluer state. But so you put those three states in, you know, really dangerous territory, that means that Democrats are gonna have to find two states. Or if we just say Montana's the only one that flips, they've gotta pick up one state and Harris win the presidency in order to hold the Senate.


And if we look at the map, we see Texas coming in there. Nebraska has been quite the surprise. Yeah. Nebraska, even though he's, he is not technically a Democrat. He's an independent who hasn't said who he is going to caucus with, but it would definitely make the politics of the Senate even more interesting. Should you have another independent in there. But look, I I think Colin Allred has run a very, very strong race in Texas, driven in part by the fact that it is, as we've seen since 2018, if you're a Democrat running against Ted Cruz, you can raise a lot of money. Ted Cruz raises you a lot of money just out of, you know, sheer spite people like to to donate to people running against Cruz, Texas.


Yeah. People That don't generally don't like Yes. Generally don't like. Right, exactly. So it's, it's, it's, it's, you know, all red, I'm not taking anything away from him, but if you are running against Ted Cruz, there's a lot of money sitting out there from people who just don't like Ted Cruz. But that's still a tough, that's a tough haul to get from, you know, 46, 40 7% as a Democrat to 50 in the state of Texas. Every 1% is just brutal. And it's gonna depend a lot on what happens with a Latino vote. Right? Yeah. Are we snapping back some to where we were before 2020?


Are we staying at 2020 and it and is there erosion? Back in my day it was Texas is on its inexorable path to be the blue state. Yes. The blue because of the margins Obama and then Hillary we're getting with Latino voters, then that changed after 2020 and now we are in a much different place. Would you have a feel for Nebraska, I've never seen a, a play a race where people, there's been such conflicting polling and like there were some polls that show it incredibly close. I've seen polls that that's the highest of quality polls I think that have shown, that have shown the Democrat had shown Dan Osborne ahead seen polls that have shown huge leads for fishery. I think you guys have Fisher as a lean Republican or is that right?


Yeah, I think we have an in likely right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And this feels, in some ways it feels somewhat familiar. We've seen this in other Plains states. We saw it in Kansas. Kansas, right. Last time around. Yeah. Right. With Pat Roberts where an independent candidate who was really a Democrat, but Brandon as an independent, it, it got very close until it wasn't close at all. And so there's a, there's a formula here for a Republican to, you know, you just have to make the case that this person who calls themselves an independent is actually aligned with the Democrat, make it a national partisan race and you pull out a win.


I think Osborne has been successful for a couple of reasons. The first is he just doesn't look or act like your typical politician. The fact that he's not aligned with the party, I think helps. You know, he's a former labor leader and has a, has a good story to tell. And Fisher I think is not as particularly well known and, and not well-defined in that state. So he, he kind of snuck up on her. It's hard to sneak up right on a senator. Right. We have six years to prepare for this thing. It's hard to sneak up on anybody in politics these days, but he did just that. And so, you know, look, at the end of the day it is still Nebraska, but the fact that this race is where it is, it's also notable that his last name is Osborne.


Now you may remember there was a very famous football coach named Tom Osborne, the, the football coach for the University of Nebraska who he had an e at the end of his name this Osborne does not, who was also a member of Congress. So the name Osborne in Nebraska is actually a, it's a good name to, it's a good brand to have. So I dunno how much of it he's, he's been, how much he's benefiting there. But it is, it is clear that he's, he's picking up some level of support from people who are also voting for Donald Trump. Right. The kinds of people who I think would say, yeah, I like Donald Trump because he shakes it up and he's not one of the insiders.


This guy seems like a not insider kind of guy to me too. And she's part of the system and the part of the establishment, so to speak. So yeah, every year you've got one of these races, there's usually one in the house too, where an incumbent that nobody was paying attention to all of a sudden looks like they are in, in a lot of trouble. And, you know, the, the money is starting to flow to her. But he has been able to raise an incredible amount of money and, and this is where the nationalization of politics actually helps candidates because a candidate in Nebraska is now able to raise money from people around the country.


In a way you couldn't back in the pre, you know, pre-internet pre Yeah. There's no grassroots money for a Nebraska Senate candidate. You were, you were just counting on Yes. Pacs to decide whether your side was gonna be the Majority or not. it gets Right. Exactly. So let's talk about the house. In, in all the various models I've seen Democrats have a slight or fa slight favorites to take the house. I think I find the house fascinating because although we talked, we spent some time talking about the red states there, but the Senate map mostly overlays over the presidential map we're talking, you know, and so the same trends are affecting Kamala Harrison, Wisconsin are affecting Tammy Baldwin in, in Wisconsin.


Same thing for Bob Casey and Kam Pennsylvania. So there's a lot of that. The house is very different. There are obviously some battleground house districts in Pennsylvania and states like that, but it's really gonna be decided in New York, in California, two, two states, which kind of underperformed in 2020 two's. What do you guys see in the House? That's right. Well, the, I'm, I'm really glad you brought up New York, York and California because the one thing we're noticing in both of those states, which you're right, if you look at, if I, if I told you that, look, Democrats chances run through California and New York in a presidential year, normally you'd say, well that's great for Democrats because those are two great states for us. And certainly we'll have higher turnout than we did in 2022, which was a weird year.


And you have an, you have an unpopular governor in New York and a not very inspired top of the ticket race in California. And so we had really low turnout at the same time. We're seeing at least right now, that there's still some sign that that Republican, I don't know if I would call it momentum, but republican success in New York and California wasn't just about low turnout in 2022. This is especially true if you're looking at the districts that Democrats need to pick off in California where you have a significant Latino population. Goes back to that question of how, how well will Trump and Republicans do with Latino voters in a presidential election cycle compared to say an an off year.


Again, in, in the not so distant past, you would say, oh, if it's an overwhelmingly Latino district, it will perform better for Democrats in a presidential year than in a midterm year. But you can't take that to the bank now. Not certainly with where we've seen some of these trends with Latino voters going, and in New York, you know, the, the redrawing of the map that Democrats did didn't really do much to harm Republicans. It, it shored up a couple of their democrats, which no, playing defense is, is important too. But you know, there, there still are signs that Long Island and some of the places in upstate slash Hudson Valley are just not, they're not gonna perform as well for Harris as they did for Biden.


At least they're not right. Now again, doesn't mean Harris loses these places, it's just that instead of winning them by 10 or 12, it's, you know, six or four. And that means that these challengers, you know, they, they have a bit of a head of a tailwind, but not as strong of a tailwind as you would expect to. To me it's also like, you know, you've got some quirky races in there too. We've got Democrats holding on in red places and they, they look pretty strong. Now, Marcy Captor in Toledo, who was supposed to be a toast years ago, toast, yes, absolutely.


They drew her a terrible district and she's still holding on. And you've got in the Lehigh Valley, Matt Cartwright Yeah. In a, another district that has shifted dramatically to the right. He's still holding on that Jared Golden. I haven't seen any data up there recently, but you know, up in Maine, so the, the incumbent Democrats in those red districts are holding on to, and so to me it's, it's really where Democrats are defending some of these open seats, like in Michigan. Yeah, let's slot can see is really interesting one, those are two slot, the Slotkin seat and the the KD seat up there.


Those are gonna be critically important. Abigail Berger's district and Virginia, normally these races, the closest races all break one way. So you see our tossup category usually, I think we have 24 in there and usually 70% of the races would go one direction or the other. So that still may happen in this case, but you're right, they, they're all in different areas. So you could see something like, yeah, the New York races go one way, the California races go one way, but North Carolina and Ohio and Michigan go a different way.


Yeah. So it makes for a really, really close, close call on who has an advantage here. And if these things play out the way they have in recent years where the top of the ticket is as important as the, it's, it's not more important, but it is incredibly important to what happens below, you know, on the races below it, you know, outrunning your presidential nominee becomes really challenging. And it's interesting 'cause in the Senate in a lot of the races, you're seeing semi democratic candidates outrun Harris.


Now I think that's narrowed some, It is definitely narrowed some in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania in particular. And I think there's kind of unique situations in Arizona, Arizona and Nevada in particular And in Nevada and a little bit in Michigan I think. Yeah. 'cause Mike Rogers is not, he has some challenges in reinventing himself as a Trump Republican. Yep. Yep. CNN contributor to Trump Republican is a tough pivot over the course of a couple years with a way station in living in Florida, I think to get there. But you're seeing him come together and so the, I guess you would say the more most likely scenario is the winner of the presidential wins the house as well. That's probably what you would expect. That's what we have seen forever and ever and ever.


But wouldn't this be the right year for that to be abend? Yes. And so we have a whole bunch of, this has never happened before. Scenarios that could happen, which is a double flip, right. The Senate and the house going different ways. You could see that the presidential goes one way and the house goes the other, which again, haven't seen, haven't seen. I think the last time the house flipped control in a presidential year was in the 1950s. So Eisenhower was president the last time that happened. I think the one thing we can feel somewhat confident in is that we're not gonna get an answer on election night the day after the election, or maybe two days after the election.


Yeah, It could be, it could be weeks, frankly, as it was in 2018. Yeah. And then if it's really close, then we're gonna have recounts and Yeah. Yeah. And on top of recounts. So that should be quite something. Well I think it's a great place to leave it there, Amy, thank you so much for joining us. Thanks For having Me. Always smarter after I hear you, after I, after I read you or hear you talk. Oh, you're so nice. Thank you. Appreciate It. Good luck for these last two and a half weeks here. Thanks, you too.


Let's take a short break, but before we do, I haven't asked if you're listening to this podcast, you're already supporting the work we do here, Kirk and Media. So thank you for that. As you may have heard, we're currently offering 25% off annual subscriptions to friends of the pod. Here's why you should sign up. Crookeds mission is to create a space for honest conversations about news, politics in the world around us. And no matter who wins in 2024, we'll remain committed to that mission. To put it simply building the shows and initiatives we envision for 2025 requires people time and resources. Signing up for an annual membership to our subscription service is the best way to support us. As. we make shows and launch new projects. The 25% discount on new annual subscriptions is an amazing deal. But more importantly, your subscription powers the work we do on our shows and through Food Save America. So please help us build a strong, progressive independent media. Head to crooked.com/friends or to the Apple Podcast feed to learn more.


Pod Save America is brought to you by American Pride Rises. America's strength comes from its shared values of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Since its inception, the DEI movement has pushed the nation to live up to its highest ideals. But today these values are under attack. DEI ensures that everyone has the opportunity to achieve their American dream together. DEI must be defended to protect the progress that has been made as a nation and to ensure a better future for all no exceptions, join the fight paid for by the Defending American Values Coalition.


Pod Save. America is brought to you by Brooklinen with all the life that happens in your bedroom with pets, family, hobbies, me, time, date, night, et cetera. Lot of, lot, lot carried in that, et cetera. Am I right? Char? Gimme a high five huh? For et cetera. Oh, talking About sex. How does your bedroom reenergize you, John? Oh, the sheets. Oh, the sheets. Yes. They are comfortable. I love Brooklinen sheets. Me too. I, I, I, you know that I've recently become a linen sheets person. I never was. I always thought that can't do linen sheets. I thought I couldn't either. I thought I Couldn't. Brooklinen changing that for you. I thought I wasn't a a linen person. And then I tried 'em. I was like, I'm not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. They everything you need to style your dream bed with layers, textures, throws, blankets. Super high quality products have been tested and awarded by experts, including Good Housekeeping, gq, wire Cutter and more. With over a hundred thousand five star reviews, Brooklyn's customizable bundles make it easy to refresh your bed and bathroom putting everything you need in one place. Brooklinen In's value is the best even helping you save when you bundle. So refresh your space today with Brookline's Award-winning textures, layers, and home essentials. Visit in store or online at Brooklinen dot com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first order and save extra when you bundle


Pod Save America is brought to you by American Pride Rises. America's strength comes from its shared values of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Since its inception, the DEI movement has pushed the nation to live up to its highest ideals. But today these values are under attack. DEI ensures that everyone has the opportunity to achieve their American dream. To together DEI must be defended to protect the progress that has been made as a nation and to ensure a better future for all no exceptions, join the fight paid for by the Defending American Values Coalition.


Now I'm joined by Polar coasters, producer Caroline Reston to answer your questions from our subscriber discord. Caroline, take it away. Dan. I'm happy to be here on Pod save. I was told by Elijah to downplay my banter by 50%. So if you guys want full, I mean, you know what that means. I want you to double your banter. Do not Elijah's just trying to stem everyone's growth here. 'cause he wants, he likes to be the Pod Save, America producer, celebrity. He Does. And I get it. Famous A toxic drug. So I get it. Okay, so we have a few questions here from the Discord. The first one we got asked many, many times. So I am eagerly awaiting your answer. CNN was reporting on record early voting in Georgia. And Dan, you previously have talked about that the more people that vote, the better it probably is for Trump.


What are these early voting numbers saying? Do not read anything into this early vote is we spent a lot of time trying to parse early vote numbers and it tells us very little 'cause it, this could mean really high turnout or it could mean that a lot of people who had previously voted on election day have decided that to, for the purposes of convenience to vote early vote. So you're not adding any new voters turn out. There may not necessarily be any higher. You're just shifting from election day voters to early voters. Also, how enthusiastic people are. They will often just vote on the first day as early vote and vote in mail becomes more normalized in this country. You're gonna have more people doing that.


It could tell us something great, it could tell us something terrible. We just don't know. Over the course of time the campaigns, we'll be able to analyze, take the number who voted, run it through their database and determine whether these are just typical voters who were gonna vote anyway. And now they're voting early. Are they new voters? People who we did not think were gonna vote? Are they low propensity voters that we were hoping to get to the polls, but based on what we know right now, you can't really read into it one thing, good or bad? Great answer to that question. We don't know. Yes, but don't freak out. Here's another question. I saw that Republicans have completely outpaced Democrats in voter registration in swing states. How much should we be worried about this? How much is it due to people changing their registration to match their 2020 preferences versus a legitimate operation to recruit more Republicans?


It is something to worry about. Now I would state that for there for a long time, people don't change their voter registration and they, so you, they, they've registered as a Democrat when Bill Clinton was president and they've been voting Republican ever since. But they've remained a Democrat 'cause they don't vote in primaries. And so there's no point in changing their registration. You will often see in an election where there's no primary on one side and a presidential primary on the other, the side, having the presidential primary will usually gain registrants because people will register to participate in the primary through the registered independents who have always voted Republican, maybe even a few Democrats who registered Republicans to vote in that primary. And so, look, you wanna have more registered voters.


Democrats for a long time had a huge edge. That edge was larger than our typical edge in statewide races. So there were some people who were Democrat, registered as Democrats, but voting as Republicans. But it's not as bad as it sounds. But in general you wanna be gaining more registrants, not losing your advantage. Okay. People are asking very extensive questions on this discord, which is great. But reading these are quite a mouthful. That's Why you should subscribe to Friends of the Pod and join the Discord. 'cause there's some really smart people asking smart questions. They Really are. Okay, should the Democrats prioritize energizing their base rather than focusing heavily on swing voters? This is how the press portrays swing voters like they, the, the avatar of the swing voter in traditional political media narratives is a usually a white man or woman in their forties to fifties in Wisconsin, they go to a diner, they print out the white papers of the Republicans and the white papers of the Democrats and they go through them to see whose policies would benefit them more.


And that's not what, that's not those, those are, there are some voters like that. There are definitely, I don't know about the printing out of things anymore, but there are people choosing between Trump and Harris. Like that does exist. But the largest swath of quote unquote swing voters or persuasion targets are people choosing between your candidate and the couch. People who like, who don't like Donald Trump, they kind of like Kamala Harris. They dunno if politics works for them. And so that is who both campaigns are actually focusing on. Trump is not focusing on his base. He's actually there to the extent they have any sort of GOTV operation. It is to try to get low engagement voters, people who profile as Republican but do not typically vote. And those could be young, young men are a huge part, including black and Latino men are a huge part of Trump's target there.


Democrats have a much wider swath of voters that we're gonna do that with. Also includes young, young voters, men and women, people who have it have never voted before, who, who were trying to get registered. And so the idea that the, that swing voters in the base are these two entirely different things, I think is a, a misnomer born of some pretty lazy political writing over the years. Hmm. Dan, if my memory serves me well, you once said that donating to campaigns directly is more impactful than donating to pacs. Explain further. Yes, your memory does serve you well and let me, I'll offer some context for that. But the reason why donating to campaigns is more cost efficient and effective than donating to PACS is when it comes to television ads.


Not digital ads but television ads. The stations are required to offer the lowest available rate to the campaigns themselves and they can gouge the living shit out of Super PACS or any PAC frankly. And so right now, based on what I've heard, a super pacs are spending five to six times the amount of money per commercial as the Harris and Trump campaigns or congressional and Senate campaigns are paying. And so when it comes to actual the sort of campaign like Super PACS and others that are gonna run ads on television, donating to the campaign is much more efficient. Now there are a lot of great organizations, many of them we supported votes, Save America who are pacs, that do organizing, right?


They're going, they're doing deep canvassing, they're registering voters, they're giving voters to the poll. And those groups pay the same amount of money as per, you know, whatever it is they're buying as the campaign does. But for the purpose of who's spending money on television, give your money to the campaign because that's how you're gonna get much more bang for your buck that way. Okay Dan, another question. If you could design your ideal three week out polling that doesn't already exist or isn't publicly shared and your only budget and scale constraints are that you cannot collect info from any true swing state. What states would you be pulling and what measures and what differentials would you be watching with the greatest degree of interest?


I mean, what a question. I'm gonna simplify that question. Please do Some. I think I would look at, there are two states that are not getting a lot of polling that I would like to see poll because I think they tell us something about what could be happening nationally with certain groups. And so one of them is New Mexico. This is a state that was in play when Biden was the nominee. So much so that Trump was leading in some internal campaign polls in New Mexico from all from the limited polling I've seen it is reverted back to its relatively safe status from 20, from 2020 and before.


But I'd like to know that for sure. I'd like to see what's happening there. So much of the election depends on whether Trump can get to 40% of the Latino vote. Looking at New Mexico would be a very interesting place to do that. And I think looking at the Latino vote in a state that's not seeing a ton of campaign ads would be helpful to give us some sort of hint in what's happening in other parts of the country like California and New York where you have huge swaths of Latino vote, they're gonna side the house. Then I wanna, I'd like to see New Jersey. New Jersey is another state that moved towards the move towards Trump when Biden was the nominee. It's theoretically snap back.


There's almost no polling there. We have a a, an important Senate race there where Andy Kim is running to take Bob Menendez seat as Bob Menendez heads off to prisoner wherever he's going. And in 2021 a Republican almost won the governorship there. A Republican former truck driver who had no money and no, no ran, no real campaign, almost beat Governor Phil Murphy and New York has moved a little to the right. I'd like to see if that was happening in New Jersey as well. Interesting time for your last name to be Menendez. I had to get that into one episode of Pod Save America. Okay, Dan, last question, arguably the most important one. If you had to awkwardly sway on stage for 39 minutes, what song would you choose to dance to?


I Don't think I can answer this question. What All of my dance, all of my dancing is awkwardly swaying and there's no other, there's no other form. What's your ideal song? My Ideal song To Sway to? Yeah. And in front of a really big awkward Crowd. Is it gonna be the same song for 30 minutes or is gonna be a genre of music? No, it has to is gonna be, we're gonna put it on repeat One song on repeat for 39 minutes. Huh? I would say Bohemian Rapp City. 'cause it's a long song, so you're only really getting it in like three times. I would say I prepared for the differential question and the what would my ideal poll be? I did not prepare for, and I would say in my defense, the actual question as submitted, although you edited it, was Dan, if you had to awkwardly sway on stage two an Aria and I'm not sure I could name an Aria Ave Maria, I guess.


'cause that's the one Trump did. But my Aria knowledge is limited. Okay. I didn't know what that meant. Yeah, so I just slide it right over it. You just take the questioner's questions and then change them to fit what you're interested in. I absolutely can. Okay. All too. Well, 10 minute version would be your sway song. Thanks so much for, for taking Discord questions. Thank you Discord. That'll wrap up today's episode. Thank you to Amy Walter and to our subscribers for the great questions. I'll be back in your feeds next Sunday with another one of these episodes. And if you're already a friend of the pod subscriber, I'll be on your feed again soon for a new episode of Rollercoaster. Thanks everyone.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. The executive producer is Michael Martinez. Our producers are Andy Gardner Bernstein and Olivia Martinez. It's mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Thanks to Halle Keffer, Madeline Inger, Ari Schwartz, Andy Taft and Justine Howe For production support. And to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Phoebe Bradford, Mia Kellman, Ben Heco and David Tolls. Subscribe. To Pod Save America on YouTube. To catch full episodes, exclusive content and other community events, find us at youtube.com/at Pod Save America,


These Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How. did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what? Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class. Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans, a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health. Plans is a trade name of Sentara. Health. Plans. Sentara. Health. Insurance. Company Sentara. Behavioral. Health. Services. Incorporated and Sentara. Health. Administration. Incorporated. Exclusion. terms and conditions apply


Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Leslie, but people at the heart of everything they create. With my team at Comcast, we developed the Xfinity Voice remote and tested it to recognize different types of accents, inflections, and languages. New movies. Movies for kids, Paras, FAMIS. Now 40 million Voice commands a day are heard by the Xfinity Voice remote. Visit comcast corporation.com to learn more.