
UBC's programs in geographic information systems translate to career growth. GIS Jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UMBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply Safe Home Security. October is here bringing cooler weather and cozy evenings. Whether you're hosting autumn gatherings or enjoying quiet nights, SIMIS Safe keeps your home secure and lets you relax without worry. In fact, Jon Lovett installed a SimpliSafe all by himself. He could turn it on and off from his phone. It had up-to-date sensors, and it gave him the peace of mind that you need to go on Reality shows with boats and starvation, but enough about Survivor. With fast protect, monitoring and lifeguard protection, simply safe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm. You can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel at any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service and home security. According to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome, To Pod Save America. I'm John Fabre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. On today's show, Trump says he'll end shoplifting in America with one really violent day. Tim Walls and JD Vance head into Tuesday night's, VP debate with the race stuck in a dead heat and the rage in Cajun himself. James Carville stops by to talk about the state of the race and the new documentary about his career and democratic politics. But first, as you all know, the death toll from Hurricane Helene is now north of a hundred. There is unbelievable devastation across the southeastern states. And as we're recording this, thousands of people in Western North Carolina are still stranded without power, water, or fuel.


The normal response to a disaster like this from political leaders would be to pledge support, send relief, figure out how to immediately help people in need. That's what President Biden is doing. That's what Vice President Harris did when she spoke at FEMA headquarters in DC on Monday. Here's a Clip to everyone who has been impacted by this storm. And to all of those of you who are rightly feeling overwhelmed by the destruction and the loss, our nation is with you and President Biden and I and all of the folks behind me are with you. We will continue to do everything we can to help you recover and to help you rebuild no matter how long it takes.


Over the past 24 hours, I have spoken with Governor Kemp of Georgia, governor Cooper of North Carolina, and many local officials. I have shared with them that we will do everything in our power to help communities respond and recover. And I've shared with them that I plan to be on the ground as soon as possible, but as soon as possible without disrupting any emergency response operations, because that must be the highest priority in the first order of business. So the Republican nominee for president taking a slightly different path, even though local officials, as the VP just mentioned, have asked both campaigns to temporarily stay away from the affected areas so that resources aren't diverted from the emergency response.


Trump went to Georgia on Monday to quote, deliver supplies after he falsely accused the Biden administration and Democratic governor Roy Cooper of quote, going out of their way to not help people in Republican areas. Trump also said that Georgia Governor, Brian Kemp has quote, been having a very hard time getting the president on the phone, which was a little weird When Governor Kemp then said, you just spoke to the president on Sunday. How shocked were you guys that Trump decided to play politics here? And by play politics, I mean tell the most easily refuted lies? I was not surprised at all. I, the it is like I, I was trying to like You know Trump like moves your baseline 'cause he's so fucking crazy.


And I was like trying to remember like, well, well, things have happened before. And I remember with 2004, I was an intern for the care campaign. There happened to have been four hurricanes that hit Flo, Florida in that cycle. And I went back and looked at what happened after that. And there were headlines about how there would be politics, but both the Kerry campaign and the Bush campaign were very clear, like, we're not playing politics with this. They both talked about how privately people were worried about what the implications would be. Bush got to go be as the AP referred to him, comforter in chief. John Kerry waited a few days because he was listening to local authorities and then he went down there to talk to people and meet with people. There was a, a, a Bill Nelson was a democratic senator from Florida tour with him saying, we wanted John Kerry to come because if he becomes president, we wanna understand the damage here.


Kerry went to great lengths to say, this is a bipartisan moment. And so what you have is two politicians trying to make the most of it politically, if we're being honest, right there. Let's be, it's okay to be cynical about like some aspect of this, but understanding what they were supposed to do to like, at least model being somewhat apolitical and like Trump just obliterates that instantly, both by going, despite even the non-partisan mayor of that town saying, we would've liked for him to come on another fucking day. Give us a few days to figure out what we can, what we have to do to dig out of this. But also then make up conspiracies, show up in a Make America great again hat. Have a little wall of bricks. Build build around him to make it. It's a, it's like a, a You know a a disaster photo app.


And it's, it's gross. Remember there also was an expectation back in the day that candidates would even pull down attack ads or political ads generally. I mean there used to be so much like care and thought put into these things and now he just makes stuff up. Trump also said that no one expected a hurricane like this. 'cause we're a, it's after hurricane seasons. Absolutely not. We're dead square in the middle of hurricane season. Everyone expected this to happen. It is only Trump too. I mean we remember is just in 2012 right after Hurricane Sandy and Barack Obama goes and gives Chris Christie a big hug, which You know hurt Chris Christie's career after Chris in the Trump era, but like Worst hug he's ever gotten. Like Governor Kemp, Republican governor, democratic governor, Roy Cooper, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, they're all working together.


They're all helping each other out. And then there's Donald Trump out there. Just try like, just lying. And here's the problem too, because the You know there's, the hurricane has disrupted power and, and wifi service out in western North Carolina. There's sort of like a lack of local news coverage. There's garbage Twitter accounts on the right and even some on the far left that are just spreading absolute lies. Craziness about like Biden not helping. Meanwhile there's like hundreds and hundreds of FEMA responders there helping out the federal government's doing like the federal government signed an emergency declaration that like before the hurricane even hit, just so that resources would be freed up. I mean it's just right.


It's crazy. There's some sequencing to this too. I mean, that's why in these times of crisis, the the governors and the president have to work together. 'cause the governor makes a request and then the White House has to grant it and that unlocks certain authorities. And in this case, I think Biden could have gotten either an emergency declaration request or a major disaster declaration request, which unlocks even more federal government resources. And he did the major disaster declaration. So Biden literally is doing everything he can in real time. Yeah, it's just, it's completely made up. It's not this, even for Trump, these things used to be based on like a hint of Oh, did he, was he a little slow on something? Did he do something? There was just nothing real, absolutely nothing. Yeah. And there was sort of like a bottom up, top down thing.


'cause like the, the, there's a conspiratorial mindset that has taken hold on the right that is spread on social media. And I noticed it like as the storm was unfolding, there were already people on social media saying, where's the federal government? They haven't responded. They're abandoning this region. And you realize like, okay, so that is the mindset that Trump has sort of, I think like part of what led him to be successful and also what he feeds and then he's just ready to come right on top and to like sort of feed that worst impulse. What do you guys think of Harris's response so far and what she should do? Obviously it happens a lot in these situations that the local officials tell politicians not to come right away, but then the politicians don't wanna be accused of looking like they don't care.


So they wanna go, yeah, I mean I think she's doing everything she should be doing. She got briefed by the head of fema. She's talked to Roy Cooper, she went to FEMA today. I think in terms of the visit, I would just be in constant contact with Roy Cooper's office in North Carolina and figure out the earliest possible time that doesn't impede relief operations. And you don't have to go to downtown Asheville. You could go to You know a county over where FEMA is staging like relief operations and go there, talk to people, hear directly from folks affected. But I think like showing up is really, really important. I think the more complicated political question is gonna be, do you go with Joe Biden? Mm do you go separately? Navigating that is gonna be, is gonna be hard. But I I also think You know, if I were the Harris campaign, I would consider finding a bunch of really good local relief organizations and then sending an email to my list fundraising for them and then saying to my field staff in western North Carolina, like, all right, for the next two weeks we're not doing campaign stuff.


You're putting on a Harris Wall shirt and you're going, doing whatever relief is happening, sandbagging, cleaning up, helping people get food. Like whatever it takes just in the community representing the Harris Walls campaign, but do what it takes to help those people. I think that would be pretty impactful. Yeah, I think you go, I I thought about that too, Tommy. I think she goes with Biden. Like I I think she should go with Biden. It's like he said he was gonna go Thursday, Friday, they're president, vice president You know. I mean, like, and there's Two visits if you don't go with him too. Yeah, no, that's why. And and like You know, they, they're, she's not afraid of being like they've done events together since she's been the, the nominee. And it's like, it's not a political rally. so I, I think it's fine. She's like, well you Said your name is Joe, who was it? Right? Yeah. Who's this, who's This guy as to pronounced it's Bean by Bein?


I've never heard it said, I wonder if if Trump keeps this up, or even now that he's already attacked them for it, like, do you at some point take a shot at Trump for doing this? Not in a way that's like, now I'm gonna go after you. But just sort of like, look, we're trying to work with Republicans, Democrats we're trying to focus on this and You know a disaster, just hit people in red areas and blue areas and we're trying to help everyone that we, that we can. And we don't need Donald Trump exploiting people suffering and trying to divide us so he can pick up a few votes. Like people are tired of this shit kind of thing. And I don't know if maybe Walls does that tomorrow night in the debate.


I don't know if Harris does it like next week sometime. I mean you don't wanna do it right now, but like, I kind of think you've gotta call out his game at some point if you want it to get traction and to like really stop it from happening or at least stop it from affecting Yeah, I, the election. I I I think that's right. I think that like, like sort of stepping back, like just she should just be modeling responsibility. Yeah, for sure. And I know you're not saying otherwise, but, but like she should be modeling responsibility and what that looks like is not like Trump is, wants to seem responsible and look responsible. So he is being irresponsible. He cares what it looks like, not what it is. And she should just do the opposite. And I think if she's asked a question about why she waited or something like that, I think it's like, I don't know if you like go out of your way to do it, but you respond and say there are people that wanna use this to exploit a tragedy for political gain.


There are people that are thinking only about how it affects themselves. I'm not gonna do that. We're here, we're all Democrats, Republicans we're all here together trying to rebuild. And like I think she can take a shot at him that way. I think great. Just as, as You know, just telling the truth. Yeah. It's an, it gets annoying for, and I'm sure for President Biden and people in the government too. 'cause it's like you model responsibility and then because no one ever pays attention to anything who's, who's not affected by something that like your, your, your model of responsibility just like doesn't just goes unnoticed You know. Well this is why I think sometimes too, it's like You know, it's, it's about to be October, we're in the final sprint before the selection. So it's not the time to step back and wonder how did we get here. But like You know, we lay at the feet of Joe Biden, Kamala Harris of any responsible elected figure, all the sins of the media environment and the crassness of our opponents.


And it's like, no. Like yeah, sometimes now because of how social media works, a politician doing every, like Joe Biden responding exactly the way he should still doesn't stop a Republican leader from North Carolina or from one of these states saying, where's Joe Biden? He didn't issue the response when he did exactly as he should have done in response to a request from the government. Or did you hear that reporter shouted, he got a shouted question at the White House after he talked about everything the federal government was doing. The reporter's like, why weren't you here commanding the response over the weekend? And Biden was like, I was on the phone for two hours yesterday, like commanding the response. Right? So you want something to look like, you, you want the wall of bricks assembled by an advanced s right?


You want the throwing of the chicken nuggets. Like you want that, that's what you think. You want something that looks like that you want better tv, You want, you want, you want the performance of empathy. Are We gonna bomb the hurricane? What are we talking about here? Exactly. You pre-position a bunch of assets and you make sure FEMA's on top of it. Like you need a competent team. That's what Joe Biden has put in place. Like people also make the comparison to Bush and Hurricane Katrina and the like Air Force one photo op over New Orleans, which was obviously very bad, but also came on the heels of a 29 day vacation in Crawford, Texas. That's part of why it was so bad. And then on top of that, like the FEMA administrator was a clown who had run the Arabian Horse Federation, remember Brownie. And the state local response was terrible.


And so he was blamed for like the, the, the most important thing that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris can do is make sure that people get the help they need. Yes. And that is also the most important political move too. Yes. Like it's the right thing to do. That's right. That's what I said. Yeah, of course first, but it's also Right politics. We should note that if Trump had his way federal government would be shut down right now. Very good point. He did not succeed in his attempt to get Republicans imagine to shut down the government that Biden signed the continuing resolution. So it'll be funded through the election. And as a lot of Democrats have been pointing out Project 2025 calls for breaking up and privatizing big parts of the National Weather Service, eliminating small business disaster loans and raising the threshold for disaster declarations.


Is there a policy case for Harris to make here? Or that's, is that too much? I I don't think you do it right now, but I do think it As we talk about this in the next couple of weeks. I think referring to all of that, but also stepping back and saying pe You know local officials are saying they're not only just gonna have to rebuild, they're gonna have to rebuild with an eye towards being ready for future storms that are even more severe because climate change is having such an obvious impact and reminding people of the stakes around climate and the fact that like the investments that like the, the money to rebuild the money to invest in infrastructure like Donald Trump promised he would do it. It was Joe Biden that delivered on these things, whether it's through the infrastructure bill or through the Inflation reduction Act. I feel like those are all points to make.


Yeah. I mean, I think there's two points I'd make. One is that like events like this are why you need a federal government. It is the only entity in the world that has enough resources to like surge assets to a place like Asheville in the near term and then rebuild in the long term. And then I also think it's appropriate to talk about how Project 2025 wants to take the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration or NOAA and the National Weather Service and fundamentally change them. They want to privatize the weather service and commercialize it. And really like the goal here is you have a bunch of anti-climate change ideologues who don't want any government data going towards making the case that climate change is real and manmade and they want distort it.


So you're gonna, with some, you're gonna end up with some natural gas lobbyists in charge of like the National Weather Service or something. Well, They don't Like, yeah. Think selling pe telling people that is probably worthwhile Miami don't like, like our satellites pointed down, they, they're like, oh, it's, it's creep pointed up. Yeah. Miami's underwater today, everyone but wow just must have been a freak storm And, and great day for kayak rentals. The yeah, the, yeah. Also, so it's funny because you have Project 2025, which is like the brainchild of these like extreme right wing activists who just don't want government at all, right? Like they don't think the al government has a role. Then you have Donald Trump and his view on these things is you use the federal government to help the people that you like and who like you and the Republicans And you screw over the people who don't support you.


So everything is politicized. The government is politicized, government power is politicized. Right? And so sure enough, like Trump who's like yelling right now about how You know Joe Biden and is calling Governor Kemp or whatever. After Hurricane Matthew in 2017 hit North Carolina, the Trump administration denied 99% of the aid requested by Democratic governor Roy Cooper for North Carolina. One of the last times North Carolina had a big, big disaster hit Trump said, no thanks, all set. Well By the way, we all like and have amnesia. But like there was this sort of like sickening reality after the, after the, the pandemic began where Gavin Newsom and, and Andrew Cuomo had to like praise the dear leader because they wanted to make sure they were getting the resources they needed in the middle of an emergency.


And they knew that the actual stakes, actual empathy for what people were going through was immaterial. Yeah. That is something, that's something to look forward to with the second Trump term. Absolutely. Disaster hits. And you better hope that you're, you live in a red, red state. Yeah. What's No atheist in a foxhole. No libertarians in a disaster relief zone. That's, there You go. Workshop. We're a bumper Sticker. No Heritage Foundation staff. We'll Keep we'll keep going. Yeah, keep going. We'll do after you got it. You got it. Before we move on to other subjects, we wanted to let You know that if you wanna help folks affected by the storm and the flooding, you can go to Vote Save America dot com slash helene. Your donation will go to some organizations that are helping on the ground right now and they're gonna keep updating those orgs as needed.


Pot Save America is brought to you by Helix. I think you guys know that sleep is maybe the most important thing that can happen to you on a given day. If you sleep well, you'll feel great. You'll be energized, you'll be in a good mood, you'll get a lot of work done If you sleep poorly, it's a different story. And I think your mattress has a lot to do with that, which is why we love Helix. Helix offers a wide range of models designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. Take a Helix sleep quiz and find the mattress best suited for your preferences. They ship your mattress to your home free of charge. Helix even offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. I love my Helix mattress. It is so comfortable. We have one in our guest bedroom, which I've used from time to time. 'cause we have small kids. Sometimes you got to escape the crying, but also literally everyone who ever stays at our house says that is such a comfortable bed. Where did you get it? What kind of mattress is that? And we say Helix 'cause it's the best. And you could have one too this month. You can get up to 20% off all mattress orders. Visit Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked for 20% off your mattress order.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love mating cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson and I use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


You can live out your master chef dreams when you find a professional on Angie to tackle your dream kitchen remodel. Connect with skill professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs, to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this, wouldn't you, Angie?


That Over the weekend while the storm was hitting the southeast, Trump was campaigning in the Midwest where he gave a speech that even he described as dark. And boy was it Joe Biden became mentally impaired. Kamala was born that way. She was born that way. You gotta do what you gotta do. You gotta get these people back where they came from. You have no choice. You're gonna lose your culture. You're gonna lose your country if we win. And when we win, we're gonna prosecute people that cheat on this election.


And if we can, we'll go back to the last one too. Oh, there's a fly. Oh, I wonder where the fly came from. See, two years ago I wouldn't have had a fly up here. The shelves, they literally, the people walk in, they just take everything they want. They walk out of the store. What the hell is going on? They have to be taught. Now, if you had one really violent day, like one rough hour and I mean real rough, the word will get out and it will end immediately. End immediately. So Lovett, you said that you know what he was suggesting with the one violent a thing. Did he, did he think the Purge was a documentary?


So, So I our here's what I thought. What he was in his adult brain, he's kind of, he, he's pulling back old things he used to say, but not as clearly as he was able to say before. And what I, what I am think he's talking about is something that you would hear like from, from a, from a New Yorker like this would be something like You know why there's no homeless people in front of Tiffany's or you know, what restaurants used to do back in the day, if somebody tried to steal from them, they would, they would have somebody go out and beat the ever loving shit outta them. And then that person would tell all their friends, you didn't have to worry about it anymore. That's why there's no homeless people over here. That's what you used to have. The mob used to have dirty cop, whatever it is. And you would dispatch these people and they would rough somebody up and they would get the word out. That's, that's, that is what he's talking about there. That's sort of in his mind. He's referencing that kind of way.


People would talk about crime that like, you could fix this by beating somebody up and then they'll tell all their friends. You know The Times wrote this up and just sort of stunning to read it in a straight news story. But it said Trump has in the past urged law enforcement to be rougher when making arrests and called for the summary execution of shoplifters. Yeah. Like yeah, that is what, that is true. That is what he has said before. And then the roughing up suspects thing was in a speech to police in 2017. He also wants universal stop and frisk. He wants to deny funding for local police departments that do not implement universal stop and frisk.


I Really, I think he genuinely believes that extreme government violence is a way to prevent crime. Because he also, on the international stage, he talks about Rodrigo Duterte all the time. The former president of the Philippines whose quote unquote war on drugs was basically just massacring people. Innocent, guilty, didn't matter. Thousands of them. And he would praise him all the time, publicly, privately, and phone calls. And this is just what he thinks is what you should do. He has proposed the death penalty for drug dealers, like just, he wants to execute drug dealers, which is what Deter did. Now do you think of any of what we just heard from Trump in that clip? Is, is moving any voters? Should Harris respond to any of it? What do you guys think? I don't think so. I mean the most egregious thing in there was Trump referring to Kamala Harris' mentally disabled, which is like disgusting and offensive.


But I don't think you wanna make it about you. so I, I don't know. I didn't hear anything there that I would jump on. Yeah, I just like, I think you gotta just put it in the bucket of like, Trump's out here spewing all this nonsense and all this craziness and all this division and all this meanness and all this cruelty, remember why he's doing all this? He's doing this because he is distracting from the fact that he has an incredibly unpopular agenda. He You know he wants to cut taxes for corporations, he wants to do a mass deportation that would disrupt our economy and cause a, a, a, a second great depression. He wants to overturn abortion rights even in, in, in blue states. Like he's, this is This is what Donald Trump is promising. So don't let the noise and don't let the bullshit and don't let the, the, the, the the the crazy ramblings fool you.


He's very, he's very dangerous and these are the things he's gonna do. I would like to watch a group of undecided voters or persuadable voters who aren't sure watching Trump talk about the one violent day, the, the one rough hour, the shooting shoplifters executing. Like I, I get that Republicans and Trump have an advantage on crime and we don't wanna play on their territory. I just think that that kind of stuff is so extreme and has to do with what Trump wants to do in a second term. And not, like you said Tommy, like the names he's calling Kamala Harris. I wouldn't talk about that or anything like that, but I, I don't know. I I I think this is, I think if you were, if you were convincing someone who was going into the voting booth that day, that was like a friend of yours who was wavering, you'd be like, Hey, this guy's talking about fucking executing people who were arrested for dealing drugs or people who are suspected of shoplifting, he wants them to shoot.


Like I think that's a fair data point. I think most people would watch that and think he doesn't really mean that. He's just kidding around. He is talking. I I think I unfortunately think even If you did, even if you did it with the clips of shoot the shoplifters, execute the drug dealers, all that kind of Stuff, I mean, I think, I think shoot the shoplifters and execute the drug dealers just different categories. Think some people might be like, yeah, maybe think about death penalty for some drug dealers. I don't think, I think they would think he was not serious about shooting shoplifters. And I think broadly people have way more harsh views on crime than I'm probably personally that we're personally comfortable with. And I don't know. I I just don't know that I'd highlight it. Yeah. I I oz I just don't even, I like, I feel so like unmoored at this point.


I like we're at, we're saying shit like this, we're, we're stuck at 48, 48, this tiny group of people. Is this the thing that finally gets them to understand why Trump is so dangerous? I I really don't feel like I I know anymore. Like are there a group of people that are leaning towards Trump that can be peeled toward Kamala? Not because of something that Kamala does, but because of something at long last that Trump says, maybe you're right. I don't know. Yeah, I was talking to some of our holsters at focus group folks we know and they said, especially young people and young black and brown men like hearing about universal stop and frisk. It's like incredibly unpopular. Yeah. And that's just police. That's a terrible policy. That's, that's literally just police stopping and frisking you Yeah.


That's not shooting suspected shoplifters. so I actually, I, I totally agree that in general probably the views of crime at this table versus like the public's views of crimes are quite different. But I think that this is so extreme that it would be, I don't know if it moves people. Yeah. But it's very unpopular. I think if you're talking about pulling out certain parts of this that would be like, like in the, would appeal to like a certain segment of, of young people that seem open to Trump. Like sure, like that makes a lot of sense to me. But on the whole, on the main, like I feel like we are back into a couple of cycles of Trump's crazy in a thousand different fucking directions. And I like worry about the 2016 effect of like, yeah, he's, he's saying, oh, he's saying we didn't use to have flies as if immigrants brought all the flies. He's saying crazy shit about crime again.


Wait, he's making his drug dealer point again and like what was that he called her mentally disabled. And like I I feel like I'm in a bit of a time warp. Yeah, no I mean I think like, I think that you wanna be on the economy, you wanna be on abortion. The only other category of Trump stuff that I I sometimes think we should push a little harder on is the using government for violence and whether it's the mass deportations, whether it's the, the shooting, the shoplifters, whether like this stuff is just in a category of like even like libertarian leaning Republicans. Like you're gonna use the federal government to like, like when the looting starts, the shooting starts, right? Yeah, no, I I I was trying to articulate just a second ago and I don't feel like I was, I I'm like struggling to do it, but like I, I do think that there's a way to kind of, I think we like have to get, I think that that kind of gets sorted into like the Trump chaos extremism bucket and then there's like the Trump economy bucket.


And I do think there's like a way to put them together and that we're not being clear enough with people about like, talking about this with Tim actually. 'cause we were talking about Trump's economic speech, which was kind of glossed over because of all the crazy shit he said, but inside of it wasn't actual economic speech. And you look at what he's promising and like it could cause a depression. It could cause a massive, massive, massive, massive, massive recession. And like we should, like that's if in the reverse, that's what Donald Trump would be saying. Why aren't we saying that like Donald Trump's chaos, Donald Trump is going to, when he left office, he left the country with a recession. He is promising through tariffs and mass deportations, not only tariff for millions of people, but an economic calamity. If you want to prevent a a, a, a massive economic crash caused by Donald Trump's chaos, mismanagement and extremism like to protect the economy, you have to vote for Kamala Harris.


And there's some way to kind of put those things together. Yeah, the tariff thing is, I I I've been an advocate for going hard at the tar tariff for a while now. It is hard for people who like lived through a first Trump term, I think to imagine like, well why didn't he do this crazy tariff thing in the first term? And what, what's his motivation for doing it in a second term? You're gonna be like, I don't know. He's kind of fucking crazy. Yeah, It Is. It's like the only explanation. It Is wild. And he also totally misrepresents what a tariff is. Although I, there's some recent pew polling on immigration that found 56% of registered voters support mass deportations, including 27% of Harris supporters. So it just shows you how far people have moved on immigration and why like Trump is only talking about it. The other thing that's interesting from Pew on crime is they, they test people's feelings on crime and whether crime rates are going up or down.


And in 23 of the last 27 polls, I'm, I think that's right. People thought that crime was going up even when it was going down. So there's clearly just like so much fear of crime mostly from the media that it distorts views and I'm just not sure how it kind of cuts. Well I definitely think you can't try to tell people much like the economy. You can't tell people that crime is going down if they don't feel that crime is going down. Yeah. I think that's a mistake. So it seems like some of this crap from Trump was a reaction to Harris going to the border on Friday, which Dan and I previewed a bit on Friday show. How do you guys think she did with that, that event? I Think the coverage looked good. I mean, I, I think any opportunity to drive the message that there was this border security bill, a bipartisan, the group of lawmakers wanted to pass it and Trump tanked it because he wanted to ruin the issue.


I think that's just like a great message. I also thought it let her highlight her work in California going after drug cartels and drug traffickers, which I bet you 0% of voters know about if you were just to sort of ask them in sort of an open setting. She has gained back some ground on immigration as compared to where Biden was, but she's still losing pretty badly on the issue. And that similar, the same pupil last month found that 56% of registered voters are extremely or very concerned about the number of immigrants entering the country illegally, including 27% of her supporters. So the same numbers as mass deportation. And so You know, I think what I take from all of this is that her campaign has decided that she needs to look like she thinks the border is a crisis and the immediate priority and we're gonna solve that first.


And then you move to like a broader, more holistic conversation about immigration policy. And this visit was a piece of it. I think the one criticism you can make is like maybe do this six months ago, a year ago. You do it a couple times, so it doesn't get called just a stunt as the Chiron on Fox News said As, we were walking in, but it's worth doing. I just remembered, I can't remember if it was a Sarah Longwell focus group or one of those cable focus groups after the debate or something, but there was an undecided voter or some swing voter who was like, and You know I heard that she, when she was in California, she prosecuted some of these gangs, these, and I was like, someone knows about this. Thank God. Get that woman on Tv.


Look. That is great. That's a mission accomplished there. That's one. Yeah, I, I watched, I went just, I was like, what does this look like if you're in Phoenix or something and like, what, what does like the border coverage look like? And the images are great. It's her walking with like police in front of the wall. It's very kind of like law enforcement kind of border security. I think the, like the remarks were great, all that was great. But you just sort of see the challenge of trying to like make a dent. Like it sort of a, we'll we'll get to the polling, which is like how challenging this media environment is because if you watch a local affiliate, it's images of her at the border, then they go to a Trump surrogate who's basically saying like she was the border czar who failed. She hasn't been here since she was an elected, which is a false. And then they say, all right, well let's cut to Kamala Harris' remarks on the border.


It happened to be the part of the speech where she was doing acknowledgements. So they cut from a trumpet going like, she's never done a thing for the border. And then it's her just applauding and like pointing at people and you just like, man, it's just like, to Tommy's point about like doing this where it's like you just, it's reps, it's going again, it's like doing then going and doing interviews with these affiliates to talk about it more. It's just, you have to hit it over and over and over again. Also, if you are making a speech about a policy that your supporters and your voters are excited about, they're going to spread the message and they're gonna help you spread that message, which is tough to do in this media environment if you are going to play defense on border security, which is what she's doing. And look, there's a, a lot of undecided swing voters are saying like, I'm not sure about her on the border.


Right? I'm not sure about her on immigration. And it's along with the economy. Those are the two things holding a lot of these voters back. But it's just like, you're not gonna get a bunch of your supporters to go and be like, look at her on the border. It was so exciting. She was really tough on border security. Like it's just a hard thing right, to get out there. You know, right? It's like you're, you're trying to, like, you're trying to beat him on temperament and extremism. You're trying to beat him on abortion. You're trying to fight to a draw on the economy and you're trying to like mitigate your losses on immigration. Like to, to Tommy's point about why mass deportation polls so well, there's no conversation about whether or not there should be a mass de deportation. It's people saying, well yeah, I do agree that there's a huge problem at the border or the impact of it or the impact about it.


And so yeah, You show people videos of people like federal agents rating offices and homes. I think they're not as excited about It, right? But then, but but then what happens is, do Donald Trump's out there saying, This is what we need. This is how we'll solve the problem. To correctly the Harris campaign is saying, let's talk about border security, let's talk about Trump killing the bill, let's talk about better immigration system. And then there's no actual debate about this heinous and terrible policy. As you said, Lovett, we keep getting more polls, they keep showing that the race is more tied than the last polls. That's, that's possible. New York Times, Sienna, once again, Saturday morning we all get up and more, more New York Times Sienna polls Harris leads 49 47 in Wisconsin, 48, 47 in Michigan.


There was a Fox News poll out on Friday that had Harris up two in Pennsylvania, but tied among likely voters, blah blah, blah. It's all the same. Are we just stuck here till election day? Is this what's gonna happen? Yeah. I mean feels like it in my dark moments. I wonder if we spend years of our lives and billions of dollars on campaigns and in the end what really matters is like the meta media narrative at the last week or two, Two last week. Yeah. You know, like the late deciders and where they break. It's made me worry Tommy to that point that like the Trump people know this 'cause it's how they won in 16 and they're just like waiting to just throw some kind of shit at the wall in the last Two weeks. Come on, Jim. Comey whatcha up To they'll make, they don't have to, they don't have to, they don't have, he doesn't have to have a kernel of truth to it. They're just gonna like throw shit at the Yeah, I will say like the, even if what you're saying is true, let's that the campaigns create the space for that, that like final two weeks to unfold.


I also like, I just, I think we don't know that, like I think it's very possible that the race is frozen and like the very, like no campaign is perfect, but like Kamala Harris is like doing what she's supposed to do. What, like her, like she has very smart people around her. They're running an enthusiastic campaign. They're doing everything they're supposed to do. Trump is selling fucking watches and careening through disaster Sites. You Get, they're tied launching and they're tied. And then the question is like, is that a genuine, like, I think there's the, the race could be genuinely tied and this politics is all going through like the information mandolin and like ending up as shredded on the bottom. That's possible. It's also possible that these polls are accurate, but it's just very hard to measure the, like shifts between leaners shifts in enthusiasm, tiny shifts amongst undecided voters that even if the, the polls are creating an accurate picture of what's happening, they're not able to measure these subtle and qualitative differences, which you do see in focus groups, right?


There is a difference in the focus groups between how they talked about Biden versus Trump versus how they talk about Harris versus Trump. And that would just be hard to measure. The other is that like all of this polling, like we may, we may discover after this election that the ways in which they were trying to correct for errors after 2016 and 2020 created totally weird results because those were weird elections between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, between Joe Biden and Donald Trump during a pandemic. And now this election where we finally have a candidate. A lot of people are enthusiastic about Finally a normal election. But, But well it's like, so between two, between a a a a vice president, the answer Is who knows? The answer Is who knows. But that, but we just won't know till after. I know. I'm saying that was a joke in my dark moments.


I think that I, I obviously registering voters matters, GT V matters, but ultimately, like we're talking about 10% of the population that's undecided and trying to convince them. And it's just, it sucks. And again, I like, I don't, I think people, you hear undecided and you think that those people are all torn between the two candidates and they're just checked out. They're just checked out. A lot of 'em are checked out. And You know I just, Alex Wagner did a focus group of Michigan voters last week and just hearing some of them you could, it's so funny because you can tell the difference between the voters who've been paying attention to this race and they talk about the convention speech or Trump did this and then the other ones are just like, I haven't looked enough about Kamala Harris. I I know she's a new candidate. I gotta check it out.


I do remember I had more money in my pocket when Trump was president, but I don't know, he seems kind of crazy. I mean you just hear the same shit and they're gonna, they are gonna tune in those last couple weeks. Yeah, I don't like these Michigan numbers or, Or people are gonna You know, knock on their doors and or the campaign's gonna be on the ground. You're gonna have an organizer, they're gonna hear from a volunteer. And again, one conversation's not gonna do it. But if they're gonna start thinking, okay, I got some new information from that person. That's interesting. I do Think they're, because the race has been so static and because it's so close, like it's hard to know the difference between are there just a group of people that are very hard to persuade or are they being persuaded and it's just not showing up in the numbers and we just, we just don't know. It's very hard to measure. Let's give 'em a little hot war in Lebanon. Close this thing out, close, strong, some more chaos and death and destruction overseas.


Maybe shovel some cash over there. Can't You fix that? That's supposed to be your other podcast. Rhodes is working on it. Rhodes is working on it. He's doing his thing. God, I'm not doing My jokes. I know, I know the joke and I was gonna do it too. We didn't Nope. There is one more quote unquote big moment left on the calendar. Tuesday night's VP Debate, JD Vance and Tim Walls will meet on stage at CBS's Studios in New York at nine PM Eastern like the Harris Trump debate. It'll be 90 minutes with no audience. Unlike the Harris Trump debate, both candidates Mikes will be on the entire time. The moderators are Nora O'Donnell and Margaret Brennan. We know that Pete Buttigieg has been playing Vance and Wall's debate prep sessions and that Minnesota Congressman Tom Emer has been playing walls in Vance's sessions.


The Wahls team has been trying to set expectations with leaks about walls being nervous and not a great debater. The RNC did a preview call about the debate and teased that Vance will call Walls traitor Tim for allegedly abandoning his National Guard unit when they went to Iraq. So are they, is it gonna be Trader Tampon Tim or Tampon trader Tim? Are they gonna just drop tampon? Oh, good question. It's tough. Yeah. Trader, that's so great. I should look great. That's good. They should do that. What A prick. How Are you guys feeling about the expectation setting? Do you buy the expect expectation setting? Do you not? What what do you think? I'm a little nervous. I watched some of Tim Wall's, Minnesota public radio debate from last year against Scott Jensen Barn Burner You know to Scott Jensen.


It wasn't great. He seemed pretty nervous. He was a little gruff, got a little defensive. The answers are always totally smooth or coherent. And so I You know he's probably doing exponentially more prep this time than the last time. But You know the stakes couldn't, are a lot higher and Tim Walls hasn't been doing any interviews, like the lack of reps could make him rusty. He's also, he's now defending Kamala Harris's record, something he learned about for the first time two months ago. Like, think about how complicated that is. You're not, you're not like defending your own legislative record or time as governor, which You know inside and out. You're talking about this person you, you barely knew three months ago as opposed to JD Vance who's been doing fucking mop-up duty for Donald Trump for four years publicly while attacking him privately.


And so I like JD again, he's been out there, he is doing press conferences, he is doing hostile interviews. They're not always good. He's not always helping the cause, but he's got a lot of reps and he's an obnoxious, like slippery little shit who is kind of good at this stuff. Yeah, I think a's Socratic, a Socratic forum is a good forum for JD Vance. JD Vance is better in one-on-one in interviews that are contentious with a, like a national news reporter than he is on the stump or talking to someone trying to sell him a donut. He's better in, he's better in the green room. He's better in like fighter well lit environments. He, he's a green room creature. And I do worry about that, that what I, what I was thinking about about this debate was actually the, the, the John Edwards, I dunno why it's, it's it's 2004 for me right now.


I dunno. Came outta the fucking time capsule. Do you support the surge? Yeah. So the reason I was thinking About, lemme tell you about the last time I remember a disaster relief situation in politics 2004. I do. Well, so this is a coincidence, but the reason I was thinking about 2004 is because You know Dick Cheney had become like, kind of like was had this reputation of being your political hero Yeah, sure. Became this sort of like You know this political Darth Vader and John Edwards was this charming lawyer and then they had this debate where they kind of folks seated up and had a really kind of mild mannered good time and it, and I think it red downed to Dick Cheney's benefit because John Edwards made Dick Cheney seem like a normal person in that debate. Yeah. And the only thing I remember from it is him kind of really awkwardly being like your daughter who was a lesbian.


Yeah, He, that was a weird moment. What are you doing John? But Like John. But, but Dick Cheney came out well outta that debate and I was a little worried about that. Like that like You know Tim Waltz is gonna kind of like end up in this sort of folks, each conversation with JD Vance and JD Vance comes away looking vaguely normal because he's in conversation with a normal guy. That was my concern. But the fact that they're previewing this trader thing, I think that's fucking great. Like I, the more JD Vance is coming, coming after Tim Waltz and Tim Waltz can just be like, I'm proud of my service to my country. Let's talk about Donald Trump. Let's talk about Kamala Harris. I think the better. And I think that would be a pretty stupid strategy. Real waste of time. Yeah. JD Van. So, which makes me think it's a head fake, but who knows? Who knows? Yeah, I do. I buy the Spin from the walls camp. Someone in the CNN piece about this recalls walls saying I think at a fundraiser is teachers were trained to answer the question and we train our students to answer the questions.


That's not how this goes. Barack Obama also a teacher felt the same way. He was not always great at debates. Kamala Harris was a prosecutor. That's like this debates are more her style. Like the way that you prepare for trial. You know. so I do I worry a little bit You know about, about Walls, but I don't know, maybe he's practiced a bunch and, and, and maybe Pete really gave it to him good. And now he's he's already And then, and then had the debate prep go. Okay, Jesus. Tom thought it, as long as Tommy thought it, I could see that Tommy thought I don't Have the permission structure. I also was texting with some people on the wall team be like, you ready to dominate? And they're like, You know, not quite how we're feeling, but we're making progress.


So they're, they're they're playing things down publicly and properly. Right. But, and then the, there's a piece, did you guys read the piece in the New York Times about JD Vance and his past debates that was like an expectations razor. That was, that was a, yeah, it's like the Walls campaign placed it, but it was like basically all about how great how JD Vance was like made for debates. Yeah, just like what you said You know. And apparently in Hillbilly GY he talked about how he in the Marines, he did media relations for the Marines. Yeah. He's A combat correspondent. The experience taught me a valuable lesson that I could do it, I could work 20 hour days when I had to. I could speak clearly and confidently with TV cameras shoved in my face. So this is a guy who's been like practicing doing this for a long time. And you're right, like I think interacting with humans sort of tough, but like a debate stage.


White nationalist podcasts, great preparation for a debate. And I think the, the smarter strategy for JD Vance than the traitor Tim Duff would be to run the play that Donald Trump was supposed to run at the Harris Trump debate and forget about Tim Walls and make Tim Walls answer for like Kamala Harris and all of the unpopular parts of the Biden Harris record. Definitely. And her stuff. That's definitely, that's what I bet He'll do. Yeah. What's confusing though about JD Vance is like, he seems smart enough to know that and then he goes on social media and like starts bickering with reporters all day. Yeah. So that is true there. There's an angel on the devil on his shoulder. Well you could and they, and they're both assholes. Fucking worst angel you'd ever fucking meet is, He's such a weirdo.


You know, so weird. You could see him getting triggered by Nora and Margaret too, because he is like these, these, they're just like shouting questions at him and he just, he already has an antagonistic relationship with every reporter and so I could see him. Yeah. He Got real mad at Dana Bash. Yep. I could see that too. If you were waltz, would you go after him for the shitty things he said? Or would you keep it all about Trump? I Was thinking about this over the weekend and I think the one place I would kind of go after JD Vance repeatedly is be like JDI was a teacher for many years. I had a lot of students like you, like kids who were in a, in a hurry to make a name for themselves and and be someone. And they were willing to say and do anything to get there. Like that's how you end up being the attack dog for a guy who doesn't care about working people who in 2020 you said it failed to deliver as president.


That's a good one in a dm. And now you're running around the country a DM, You know, telling lies and trying to divide the country. And then you try to like create this narrative around JD that becomes a motive for everything he says and kind of undercuts him and sort of gets at his lack of qualifications for the jobs. Maybe you slip in a couple lines about how old Trump is, but Yeah, no, I don't think you're going after the greatest oppo hits. Like maybe you're mentioning some of the top ones like Childless Cat Ladies or lying about the Hits migrants in, in Ohio. But yeah, I mean most of this is gonna be just the Trump show and making him defend Trump. Couldn't Agree more though. That was a great, that's a great strategy to have like one motivation for JD Vance and his career and to just like keep coming back to that, right?


Yeah. Which is just trying to do anything to get more power. Yeah. I do think using the new stuff about the 2020 that like even after Donald Trump's presidency were saying these things, which is, which is new. And he'll feel obligated to response and his response is pretty bad. I Don't, I don't know if we've, did we cover this on this show? I think, just so everyone knows what we're talking about, there was a Washington Post story about this, that JD Vance was direct messaging on Twitter with someone where he said in 2020 that Trump quote thoroughly failed to deliver on economic populism. Yep. And so I pretty damning. One of the more damning JD Vance quotes, Even more damning. That line was followed by parenthetical, accepting a disjointed China policy.


Who says accepting JD V. Yeah. JD Vince the go back To Yale. Yeah. I do think that's like pretty, pretty damning. And his defense is like I was saying, how in the establishment Republicans let him down, which is sort of embarrassing. Okay buddy. But he'll feel obligated 'cause he'll know Trump is watching. Oh God. Yeah. And so I to respond, he'll have to respond. The only, if I was walls, I would look for I mean. That's one opportunity. But other opportunities to drive a wedge between Trump and Vance with either different positions they've had, or remember when Vance fucked up by saying that Donald Trump would veto a national abortion ban. Yes. Yes. And Trump said, I never told them that. Right. Like I would, I would look For a hammer him on that. Yeah, that's for Sure. And know that Trump's watching and try to get, make him be a supplicant for Trump and just embarrass himself.


Like I think that's a, Yeah. This is a real audience of one's situation for, for jd. What's a win for walls look like? It's like a, a relentless message about Trump being in this for him himself and not working people and then just getting JD on defense. Yeah. I think a, I think a draw is a win. Do no harm And yeah, and just saying how great Kamala is and her record and her You know her plans and everything like that. I mean because again, she, I would say the only missed opportunity, not really missed 'cause she didn't have the time, but in the last debate, she didn't get to talk as much about her plans, her policies, her values, stuff like that. She did. But I think that walls could probably do that for her even better, because it was, he's a, he's essentially a surrogate for her and not just her bragging.


Yeah. She went back to like aspirations and ambitions, but she didn't go back to the details that much. Yeah. I, I think it, I think it'll, I think a win will be a debate in which it felt like Tim Maltz was kind of putting JD Vance. It's very similar. It's a sort of a mirror image of Trump. Like JD Vance is gonna be a smarter, more sophisticated kind of bulldozer coming at him, but like, kind of being able to put that aside and letting him get himself riled up while talking to the camera and like kind of he comes away kind of seeming kind of nonplused. Is that the right way of using Nonplused? Yeah, sure. Sure. And, and Vance. And Vance seems rattled, seems angry. How much is this gonna matter? You think the whole race is gonna be upended if Wallace does bad or does Well, I wonder what's the worst VP debate performance?


It's A good question. I mean Sarah Palin even did fine, right? Yeah. They're usually non-events. Like No one cares. It's, it is weird that it could be the last big event before voting, but no one will remember it by the time they're actually on, on election day. No You know. It could cost a few news cycles to one side or the other, but maybe a, maybe a, I don't, I don't even know if if If it's a debate between Harris and Trump didn't seem to That's I'm saying. I know. I know. Like, I don't know. Yeah. Well, we'll this is gonna be the thing. This Will be the, yeah. No, I don't know. When we come back from the break, you're gonna hear my conversation with the one and only James Carville. Two quick things before we do that, for tonight's VP debate, we're gonna be hosting a subscriber live chat starting at nine PM Eastern 6:00 PM Pacific on our Discord server.


You'll be able to watch the debate live chat with fellow crooked listeners, vent about JD Vance's awfulness in real time, not a friend of the Pod yet. Sign up now at crooked.com/friends. We'll be doing our own recap show after the debate ends, but also make sure you're subscribed to our Daily news Pod. What a day. You'll wake up with a 20 minute overview of the highs and lows of the Walls Vance Showdown. Best of all, Tommy's gonna be joining Jane Coon for the episode. Oh Yeah. Can't wait. Nice. It's very fun. It's a tradition like any other you going on Wat after Debates? There you go. When we come back. James Carville.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. One thing I've learned is that you buy a house, but you make it a home. And for decades, Angie's helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter. Get all your jobs done well@angie.com


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. The first person to use the term organized crime didn't mean it in the sense of Don Corleone and the Mafia. He meant it in terms of what he saw as this deep, deep symbiotic relationship between the people running the city government and the police department from Onery and Crooked Media. I'm Chen Kika and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City. Wherever you get your podcasts, binge all episodes of Empire City early and ad free on Wondery Plus.


Joining us in studio today, he's the subject of a new CNN documentary coming out this weekend called Carville Winning Is Everything Stupid. The legendary democratic strategist who inspired a generation of hacks like me to get into politics. James Carville. James, welcome to the Pod. Well, thank you. Excited to be here. It's always good to have a conversation with another hack. That's right. That's right. So since Kamala Harris became the nominee, we've had a convention, a debate, millions in ads, saturated media coverage, and, and basically nonstop polling that shows a, a race that is essentially tied with five weeks to go. I know the last few elections have been pretty close, so this isn't unusual.


I can't remember a race where the polling has been this tight for this long. What do you think is, is going on? Well, first of all, in this century, the only candidate that went woke up election morning knowing they were gonna win was the Obama 2008. We were still a little nervous, but, But, but, but you Kind of knew it was a Good lead. But, but everything else, you, you might've thought you were a little better shape, but you didn't know. Right. You certainly didn't know in 2012, I mean Romney was actually shocked that he lost I. mean, it was like he went there, there thinking he was gonna win. Yeah. so I it's not unusual. And what I will say, they usually breaking in.


So if there's seven swing states, the most unlikely result is they break four three, they're gonna break Altogether More, more likely than not. In my, my instinct, and it's nothing but instinct is You know Kentucky windage that it'll break Harris's way. But that's only instinct. There's no, it's just a good feeling. There's no evidence to support that. Were you surprised at how fast the party came together around her candidacy and how fast her favorability ratings went up? No, No. I, I think the, I think it was clear that people just wanted something different.


They were like, well, 72% wanted something. There was 60% of the Democrats did. And you know what I would, the analogy I would use is that if you have a infected wisdom tooth and they pull it, you feel great. You don't feel any better than you'd have felt if you didn't have the wisdom tooth. The fact that the wisdom tooth is gone, you're like, gee, I'm on top of the world now. And I think you had some of that effect, like in the way that it was 1245 central time, almost to the minute when I got the first text and by I was listening to You know political radio, I forgot what it was then.


You know in our at 1 45 Central You know that it already called us, that there was no, no appetite for anything else. Yeah. Were you worried at all that, 'cause I know you were initially concerned that it would appear either she was anointed by the party or, or, or even another Democratic nominee would or nominated and look, she did earn the nomination, but You know it was about there was no other challengers about 24 hours. Yeah. You know it was time and if, if, if, if President Biden would've dropped out in June the eighth, there might've been Yeah. A lot of, well, one of the things that I do believe that the level of talent in the current Democratic Party is the highest level of talent.


I've seen a political party in my lifetime. I mean, if you look at the potential presidential candidates we had, they're all like really world class talent. Yeah. And Harris has kind of proved herself to be a lot better than people thought. The other thing that I would have people tell me that You know she's gotten a lot better. I'd like people work at a White House. She's become more confident. She has better staff work. I think they brought Lorraine in. So I'm, I'm, I'm gratified I didn't, I You know everybody saw her 2000 presidential campaign who man, I think stunk.


But she's Grown. She has, she, she really has. It feels like Trump and Kamala are in a, a battle for voters' attention, which is increasingly harder to come by these days. The state of the media. I think it's, it's one big reason that the Harris folks really want a second debate so far Trump's not giving it to them. What do you think her campaign can do to break through in these last few weeks? Any creative ideas to grab people's attention? The answer is yes. Okay. First of all, what they do is they do big events very well. Yeah. The vice president rollout, you could say maybe they could sit a picture bureau, I don't know. But maybe it was very well done. The convention, you couldn't walk away from there and not say it's one of the better conventions you ever had.


You certainly couldn't walk away from the debate and not say that they did, did a real good job in preparing her. I kind of, I knew some of the people that were in prep, but I, I really was very confident she was gonna do well. What is less certain is how aggressive they are day to day and how they don't take a story and kick it. But, so Trump says, I don't like to pay people a minimum wage. I just don't pay 'em. Then I mean overtime. Yeah. Not minimum overtime. And Project 2025 has this overtime provision. I wish they would be kicking the crap out of this all day. I wish they were like flooding tv. tv. Like, come on, people work overtime, they wanna get paid, You know hourly workers overtime is everything to that.


So I, I thought that they could kick that a lot harder. And what I hope that they do coming down the stretch is push a, push a story every day. Yeah. And, and a lot of it is just the stuff they're proposing on taxes. People don't like the, the, the other one they should be just kicking the crap out of is the tariff stuff. Mm. You, you see we down four in Iowa. That's understandable. Agrarian people can't stand towers. They have a terrible industrial people. Some are naive enough to think there's gonna do some good. That that's, I think they should be pushing the Peterson Institute, which okay, I know what it is.


We know, but that, but, but it's all credible. People say this is gonna be a $2,500, 3000 owned every family. I I wish they would push that harder. Yeah. It seems like I mean this has been a problem for years now, but Trump gives you so many different targets every day. 'cause he's a bunch of crazy shit all the time. She has the added challenge of voters saying, well, I want to know more about her. I want to know what she's gonna do as president. But then you've got Trump up there saying, he's talking about the tariffs. He's talking about mass deportations, political prosecutions. He just talked about going after shoplifting by letting police do whatever they want for one rough hour. How do you think she should balance talking about herself and talking about him?


How do you, how do you Handle that? so I I think that if she ran hard, if they pushed the tariff stuff, people would find out something about her. Hmm. I I think if they pushed the overtime stuff, if they push something simple that everybody is far, but they just don't do the minimum wage. It, it's time to give America a raise. Everybody else in the world who's gotten a raise, but America's and I got a raise and I, I read a New York Times story. It's so predictable. She did the interview with I guess Stephanie rule and of course it's the same pissy thing. Well, she really didn't say anything. There was a lack of specificity and hidden in the story was the fact that she'd put out a 81 page economic plan.


Yeah. Like why didn't, so you, we had a, in 92, we had a 85 page economic plan. No one ever read a word of it, including me. But there is actually, well, she lacks specific, she's not talking about the issues in any depth. It's just this bromides and, well, actually she does have an 81 page economic plan. There's no danger. I'm gonna read it. But I think if, if people knew that Yeah. You You know. If they said, check out the 81 page economic plan on page 32, she says, we need to increase the minimum wage to 1285 an hour.


Yeah. Pretty good. All, all we need to take taxes over, raise taxes on people, make over $400,000 and put it in a first time home buyer mortgage relief fund to help young people buy houses. Yeah. Anything like that, You know is gonna be massively popular and point it out. But the New York Times is never gonna say that she has economic specificity. Right. That you, because you just, you always say that no matter what. Yeah. And look, and when she does interviews too, she can answer questions by saying, oh, if you wanna know more, I have this whole, I have this whole book out there. Oh, and by the way, here's what Trump wants to do. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So they, there are, I, I do, I do think they can be more aggressive.


I think they can fight for the news cycle. And I think that it's You know you don't get to back, well one day you get a bunch of good stories and you pull that night and you say, well, shit, we didn't move it. It, you gotta keep building stuff up. So polling shows a, a big gender gap, including it, especially between young women and young men, white men, Hispanic men, even black men. It's been like the big demographic debate of 2024. Do you think this is a dynamic that is specific to Trump and the current version of the Democratic Party? Or is it bigger than that? How do you think about it? Well, I've, I've been pretty outspoken.


We don't do as well near as well with males as I think you can do. And, and, and John You know that every election brings about a fashionable demographic. Right. NASCAR dads, soccer moms, women of color. I, I think that the demographic in this cycle with the most elasticity is in, that'll get in trouble saying this in some quarters, but are college educated white males? I think we have a lot of ups. Why do I say that? First of all, they tend to be more pro-choice than non-college. Right. White males, You know, I'm sorry, but we have mothers, wives, children, friends.


But it, it, and, and so much of this has become that it's, it's a, abortion is a women's issue. It's actually a somewhat of a male issue too. And the other reason I think that there's upside is You know, because of obvious reasons. They're more invested in the stock market. They have more to lose. so I, I I do think we have some, we can't do any better than we're doing in post bachelor white women. Right. But, but we certainly can do better with younger black males. That that's a, that's a problem that I think to a large extent our culture help create that.


But I I, I think the trendy demographic or our college white males. And what do you think, what do you think is the best way to lock down college white males or sort of Just keep, keep talking about abortion, keep talking about freedom and say that Trump says, so the argument is, is it a good economy or bad economy? And it's very hard to talk people into something that they don't believe. Yeah. But Trump gave us a tremendous opening. He says, you have nothing to lose. We're gonna try everything because it's all in a toilet. I don't think people look at it that way. I think people say, well, yeah, I got a job.


I, I think most people, if you say, yeah, I feel pretty good about the next year or year and a half. Yeah. You know. Some people may have a savings account and You know. Yeah. You know. Maybe they're doing a little better. And, and so if, if the question is, is it good or bad? That's not the question we should be asking. Do you have something to lose in this? Can you do better? Yes. But we, if we do things like start slapping tariffs on everything, we're we're not going to, we're not gonna do very well. Mm. This you got, you have something to lose it. And he keeps running these ads. What the hell you got to lose actually A lot, a fair amount.


Yeah. And, and it's not just people like you and I that have something to lose a a pipe thater has something to lose. Yeah. I mean that guy George, she is going down to the union hall and got work every day. Yeah. I know you've taken your share of shit for warning Democrats about identity politics and woke language and all that. I've always wondered about this from the perspective of democratic politicians, like 99% of whom don't actually talk like that. Right. They get tagged as the You know woke party because of activists and Right. People on social media that they have very little control over. If you're a democratic politician or working for one, what do you, what do you do about this issue?


Well, first of all, no one uses that language. I, I I mean it just stumped. Okay. And, and it started and it was like an idea that never caught on. So there's no chance that, yeah. I, I tell people, and this is true, I you saw the film, I probably had more encounters with black people than any Democratic consultant. Just where I grew up and way I live. And if I saw like, which I see all the time, let's just say there's three black guys shooting a bull out in front of the supermarket. If I walked up and I said, good morning fellas, how are things in the community of color today? I said, what's this giant ass motherfucker talking about?


Okay. you know what, what I was saying? And I think it was a well-intentioned people that just made a giant mistake and they tried to lead and no one followed them. And the best thing we can do is just move on. Hmm. If we don't need to go remind NPR that no one talks like that, that everybody knows, no one talks like that anymore. There's no danger that Adam Schiff is gonna be running for Senate in California and start talking about Latinx or something. It's, it's not gonna happen.


There's no value in that. I love the documentary focuses on your life, your career, your marriage. A good chunk of it is also about your, your very vocal push to get Biden to step aside, which was a bit of a lonely crusade before the, the debate. I know that you probably weren't too concerned with the criticism you received during that period, but there is a moment in the doc where you worry a lot about becoming one of those people you used to hate the goddamn carping, democratic pundits who are never satisfied. How do you think about giving advice that's still pertinent and persuasive even though you're not working inside these campaigns like you used to, You said you and I worked in campaigns and you would see people on television.


Some of a bitch has no idea what he's talking about. We're sitting there 16 hours a day trying to You know, crank out a schedule, trying to get spots written and talking points pushed and You know doing vocal TV hits and, and this asshole's popping it off. And I always, so here, here he says, well, yeah, that guy is sitting there and You know knocking down $35,000 of speech and You know sitting on tv. And I I I've always hated that kind of person. Yeah. And, and that's so true that I had become that, which I had always detested, but I just didn't.


'cause I was old. If you, if you see the documentary, it's pretty clear that I'm in, in the midst of the aging process. I had like you, I had, maybe you have better view, but we have an idea of what the job entails. Some not. it is not easy. No. And I had a platform, so I and I, I kept, and I, I, I thought it out. I talked to a lot of people about it. I thought about it myself. I just didn't think I had any other choice. I just given the unique circumstances, You know if, if maybe if you got or somebody got really vocal, they would cut guests off from you.


Or if you were lobbying that, say you or you've had other campaigns you were working on, or even if you were working on foreign campaigns, they'd say they'd call the government of Nigeria and say, You know if you don't get rid of this son of a bitch, you're not getting something. I mean it. But there was no, there was no pressure point. Hmm. That could be applied to me. And I just thought I was in a unique situation and I'll blame other people and I would have, people would say, God, I wish I could say that, but I can't. I said, I understand. It's not, I'm done. Yeah. I I I couldn't have said this 15 years ago. Right. Alright. But you can Do it now.


But, but I can do it now. I'm sure you get asked a lot by young people for advice, especially people who are interested in a, pursuing a career in politics. I know one of the reasons you really wanted to do this doc, or what you hoped from this doc was to get young people involved in politics. Again, what do you say to people who ask, Well, the origins of the doc was Susan McCue, who were having just kind of a friend. You hadn't done it, I think it was post pandemic. Mm. And she said, You know I was a student at Rutgers and I started War Room and she became Harry Reid's chief of staff at 30 years old.


And Susan's just one of these like uber connected people. And she said, I wanna make another documentary 'cause I wanna, and that was, that was really the kind of origin of what started it. And You know, whatever you call this, the profession, the business, the industry, it's taken a lot of hits. You know. So a young person says, everybody says it's dirty, it's all negative, it's all polarized. Everybody's in it for themselves. And guess what? That message actually broke through I mean They were actually successful in convincing people that this was a shitty business that shitty people were in. Yeah.


And, and, and that's just not people like you and I that work campaigns. It's people who every election, Ms. Mabel who sits there at the card table and checks off the list, that's You know the person that walks the precinct that goes into the projects, the flusher that goes to get the votes out. It's also the local newscast that covers politics. It's the people that write about politics and the entire business. And to the extent that this movie lives beyond the cycle, which I hope it does, I hope it gives people like, you know what those people look like they were having a pretty good time.


They didn't, they didn't, it didn't look like they went to work with a half shirt. Although they were particularly embarrassed by the way they earned a living. Yeah. And I think Matt, the, the advantage we had was our director actually like worked, was a gopher in the Mondale campaign was Susan Esther's kind of assistant in the 88 Dukakis campaign and covered politics at Van Fair. So he actually had some idea, 'cause most people think kind of Carnival Barkers You know itinerant people, vagabonds. They move from one place to another and have a You know.


And I, I hope You know some young John Frow says, You know there's nothing. Or some young Susan ew says, well shit, maybe I wanna be chief of staff to so to when I'm 30 years old and be some Irish woman from that went to Rutgers. That's fine. I mean, I, I was a, I was a kid when I first saw the war room. And to this day, I can still remember your line that at the end, outside of a person's love, the most sacred thing they can give is their labor. And anytime you can combine labor and love, you've made a merger. Because that was the moment, that was the first moment I thought about getting into politics.


So thank you for that. Thank Well thank you for that because actually You know that's what I hope we're able to do with this movie. Yeah. That that's, that I mean, that's my hope is that You know 30 years from now, somebody says, You know I got outta UCLA and I I got an offer, but I thought I'd maybe run for the Sewage and Water Commission. Who would've a thought that one day I would be the governor of California? There you go. I dunno. Yeah. The dock is fantastic. It's called Carville. Winning is Everything Stupid. Directed by Matt Turnow premieres on CNN on Saturday, October 5th, and in theaters in New York, LA, and other spots across the country.


James Carville, thanks for coming on. Pod Save America, Thank you. And thank you for your kind words about the War Room inspiring you. And I hope this, I hope this will inspire somebody else. Thank you so much. Me too. Thank you. That's our show for today. Thanks again to James Carville for coming by. We'll have our VP Debate reaction show in your feed tomorrow morning. Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends at the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more.


Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Grote is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Re, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv and David Toles.


Up first achieves the rare one-two punches of being short and thorough. National and international fact-based and personable. Every morning up first takes the three biggest stories of the day and explains why they matter. And they do it all in less than 15 minutes. So you can start your day a little more in the know than when you went to sleep. Listen to up first podcast from NPR.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home projects You know all your jobs will be done well. Roof repair done well. Kitchen sink install done well. Deck upgrades done well. Electrical upgrade done well. Angie's been connecting homeowners with skilled pros for nearly 30 years. So we know the difference between done and done. Well hire high quality certified pros@angie.com.


Positive America and Lovett or Leave It are on tour. And we're heading to Pennsylvania and Michigan. Jon, Jon and I are spending more time in swing states than Donald Trump. Hey, yo. Hey, which is really easy to do. Hey, join us for a live show and turn your election anxiety into action. Come see Lovett or leave it in Pittsburgh on October 4th. Pod Save. America in in Arbor on October 5th, Pod, Save, America and Philadelphia on October 6th. That is so many great shows with so many surprise special guests. So much more fun and productive than sitting at home reading Trump's truths. So come freak out with us a little bit, but also laugh. Grab your tickets now at crooked.com/events.