
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Tommy Vitor. Over the past couple of weeks, we have been focused on this messy conversation about problems within the Democratic Party and how to fix them. Always a fun topic on Twitter. No one ever gets mad. We're also gonna talk about how Democrats should adjust their approach to a second Trump term. At the same time, though, there's an equally important discussion going on in the media about how to cover Trump for a second time. And because Crooked Media sits in both of those worlds, that's a discussion we also want to have. So, joining me today to dig into this media debate is someone who is uniquely qualified to help us think through these big changes and how we approach them. Eugene Daniels is a White House correspondent for Politico, a co-author of their enormously Influential Playbook newsletter, and the president of the White House Correspondence Association.


Eugene, welcome. Hello. Thanks for having me. Great to see you. You're also the best dressed man in Washington. We'll get to that later. But The bar's very low. You know, a lot of loose suits happening Here, buddy. I, I was the num was gonna say I was person in line at the fucking three for one sale at Joseph. A. Banks don't even, I can't suck any shit. But we're gonna get into all this media stuff. Talk about all the tough questions about Covering Trump, your sort of journey to the, the center of this. But first, let's talk about the latest in dc. So it's, it's Wednesday morning LA time. It looks like Pete Hezes nomination to be Secretary of Defense is maybe unsurprisingly in a bit of trouble already. The impression was that Senators were concerned about the allegations of sexual assault and excessive drinking and had committed to having some pretty serious hearings for Hegseth.


But this morning there were new reports that Trump and Ron DeSantis have talked about. DeSantis getting the nod, if Hegseth doesn't make it through this morning, hegseth is vowing not to back down. He's tweeting that the left is smearing him with fake anonymous sources and BS stories. One of those lefty fake sources, his own mother, who as we discussed on the Tuesday show, wrote that now public, incredibly damning email to Hegseth in 2018, calling him an abuser of women. Penny Hegseth, Pete's mom went on Fox and Friends this morning to disavow that sentiment and surprise, surprise, attack the media for reporting her own words. Let's listen. I came to take on New York City to take on the New York Times to be a mother, a strong mother, a fighter.


What's Your message to the New York Times? I would say, I don't think the way you operate is, it feels almost criminal when reporters call you and threaten you. I don't think a lot of people know that's the way they operate and they, they are in it for the commission for the money, and they don't care who they hurt. Part of today is to discredit the media and how they operate. When they contact you, I let a few phone calls go, but then they call you and say they threaten you. That's their first thing they do. Right? They say, unless you make a statement, we will publish it as is.


And I think that's a despicable way to, to treat anyone. Eugene, how much is the commission per story? Is that part of your salary? Like a tip thing? It's a million dollars for every word. Actually. It's very high journal. Yeah. That's journalism. That's not how it works at all. Anybody that works in journalism will tell you the vast majority of people, especially the folks in print, are not in it for the money. It's not Like that. No. Yeah. It also sounds like what happened there is she got a request for comment. I mean, am I wrong? That's Exactly what it sounds like. You know, when people, when it sounds like she ignored a bunch of calls, right? And so eventually you have to publish the information, right? Especially when you're talking about a nominee for Department of Defense. What could impact whether or not he gets confirmed?


And so it sounds like the reporters called her a bunch. They finally answered and they said, ma'am, you know, we're gonna have to publish it if you don't release a statement. And it's not, it's not a tit for tat. It's like, we are gonna publish this So, if you would like to get your your side out, which is part of our job to let people be heard and to provide that information to folks. It sounds very normal. Everything that happened is very normal. It could, I I will say when you're talking to normal people who don't engage with media all the time, it doesn't feel like that's how it operates. Yeah. But that's mostly the vast majority of, of people. Partly our fault in the, in the big media is like they don't have insight into how this thing works, how we gather information, what we ask for, how long we give people, that kind of stuff. Yeah, that's right. I mean, certainly it's intimidating and a little scary to get a call from the New York Times, but ultimately what they were doing was kind of giving her a heads up and asking for a request for a comment regardless.


It'd be much worse if they published it without her comment. If they didn't call her at all, that'd be much worse. Exactly. And the comment got in the original story, but it, it does seem clear that this is a strategy. They're gonna attack the media. Not a novel approach, but being Pete Hegseth, penny Hegseth, sorry. She doesn't end up on Fox News this morning by accident. She was clearly coached to pivot to an attack on the press from the beginning. JD Vance was on Twitter this morning complaining about the biased coverage of HE. The question is always will it work? You guys had a great quote in Playbook today from an anonymous Republican senator who said, when Matt Gates dropped out of the Ag Rays quote, Pete's next, if you were a betting man, would you say that's true? I Think it is based on everybody that we've talked to, right.


That it seems like he's gonna, that, that it, that it's very possible that he's gonna get dropped here probably. And we've been told by another GOP source, like maybe by the end of this week. Wow. It's just like too much, too fast. I think. and it was very obvious when Gates dropped out. That means that the, the spotlight has to go elsewhere. He was taking up so much of the oxygen in the room for obvious reasons. And the hexa stuff has been drop after drop after drop. And it's impacting the way that senator is are viewing him. You look at someone like Cynthia Lamis from Wyoming, who after her meeting was very like, I like him. I think this is, you know, he has my, I have his back now. She, she's having, she's, she called it them side issues, but now she's saying that the allegations that have come up are surprise and he does have to address those.


Right. That's a different way of talking. It may not seem that much to folks who aren't in dc but that kind of language tells you that people are going in the opposite direction of where he and and Donald Trump want them to go. Yeah. That's called leaving yourself an out. And, you know, I I, I've been trying to imagine what a confirmation hearing would look like, and it does seem really messy. I mean, you're gonna get a detailed set of questions about these, this sexual assault allegation. There's all these reports about his drinking. You could see potentially really damning testimony from Pete's colleagues from the nonprofit era about his mismanagement from Fox News people who say he was drunk on set, maybe even his exes or people he was in relationships. And all of this is under oath. And like, I think my instinct thinking that through was like, that is not survivable.


But then I thought back to Brett Kavanaugh, who started attacking the press, started attacking the senators and survived the confirmation hearings by being combative. and it does seem like Pete Hegseth was, was built for that mission to just lash back at the liberal media and the republic and the senators who are rhinos, et cetera. Yeah. I'm just wondering like, what do we think Trump's tolerance is for bad press on a pick like this? Yeah, I mean, it wasn't very high for Gates, right? I think it was like eight days from nomination to drop. I think it's a lot of what's we're hearing is the pressure behind the scenes is what's gonna change the minds here. You know, Trump had, is seems to have a better relationship with the Senate going in than he did in his first term.


And I think he kind of wants to keep that because he, he needs them to get some stuff done. And so I think a lot of it's gonna be less like how, what's his, like ap what, how much he can take from, from this, but how much they can and what they're telling him behind closed doors. Right? If you get, I know, 6, 7, 8 Republican senators saying like, look, I can't do this. I, I, I can't. Especially, I think people should look at the women's senators, right? Lois is one of them. A lot of them have been, are looking at this kind of stuff. Joni Ernst is one who has taken on sexual assault in the, in the Pentagon, in the military apparatus. And so these are the, the, those conversations are the most important ones. And really, like for Hex Seth, sure he can, you know, go on in, in front of all the senators and go back and forth with them, yell and, and do kind of the thing that he's done on Fox News.


But also, do you want that to be part of your legacy? Right? Because you have to, first you have to get to that moment, right? Whether or not the senators think you can even make it. And two, that's a lot. Like, that is a lot of pressure all at once. He has a family. So, so it's also about the human psychology behind some of these things, as you know, right? Like, if people feel like they can survive and it's going to be worth it, then they probably will do it. Right? But at the end of the day, we don't know what's in Donald Trump's head. Hexes said he told him to keep fighting. Trump does like a fighter, but some of this seems like too much too fast for a lot of these senators. Yeah. And it's a lot of different sort of avenues of attack. Right. But yeah, I mean, like presidential transitions before Trump, they seem to have, you know, one or two nominees who were deemed out of bounds or who became the focus of criticism and, and the targets who got, you know, shot at Trump seems to have flooded the zone with controversial picks.


There's Tulsi Gabbard, there's RFK Jr, there's Dr. Oz, there's Pete Hegseth. I, I wonder though how much we can expect the Senate to show independence on their sort of advised consent function here, or at some point whether they'll feel like, listen, we can take down one of these guys, we can take down two, but four or five six, like that's a bridge too far for us. I think that's probably right, right? I think we've been here before over and over and over again as people that cover and watch all of these things and thinking that Republicans were gonna like get tough against Donald Trump and like, you know, put, put their foot down and they do it every once in a while, right? You're at some point you have to kind of show that you are a completely separate body.


But they have also, for a lot of people who are hoping that they wouldn't let them down, right? Like they have said they're gonna be tough and then they, they eventually fold because Donald Trump's pressure is too much. So I think this could go e either way, but I think when you get into four picks, it's gonna be really difficult to try to take all those folks down or say that you're not gonna vote for them. Because then now you're talking about Donald Trump himself starting to attack you, right? Right. He's not done that publicly. And that's when they start to have, they start to like back down really quickly. And this is a test, right? Yeah. Like when you, when you look at Senator Dune and kind of how the relationship he wants with Donald Trump and also how he wants to operate as the leader of Senate Republicans and whether or not he is going to put his own foot down.


McConnell did this a little bit, right? And, and kind of as sometimes served as a foil is soon going to be able to do those kinds of things. What's his leadership style look like? And I think lastly this also with all of those names you just mentioned, this is kind of what happens when you have a nomination process that is focused on loyalty to the principal, to, to the president Donald Trump. And then also in a lot of these people and what they, how they've spoken about the departments they've been nominated to, they have a disdain for the the department. Yeah, exactly. Or they wanna flip the table in the, in the department. So that's, that not, not all the, the kind of traditional vetting is happening and some of these things are being missed or, or looked passed.


Yeah. I mean, Trump didn't wanna do FBI background checks on all these people. It's like, hey, that would've actually helped you here. Maybe you could have gotten ahead of some of this stuff and not selected these people. The the other funny thing is, again, thinking about like pre-Trump world, if, if you had a president where you had the attorney general nominee get pulled, you had the DEA selection get pulled, you have the Secretary of Defense on life support. It seems like the normal narrative would be like administration shoots itself in the foot right out of the gate. You know, like administration struggling. But I don't know, I don't think I see that with Trump. This is just kind of like priced in for him. Yeah, I think that's right. I think a lot of this is just, we have seen this before. We expected it, right? For years when he started, when he said he was gonna run again, we all knew based on reporting and our own conversations and kind of just like what Donald Trump was saying was that he was looking for loyalty, right?


That that was the, that was the thing that he wanted from the folks that were around him, whether it be his chief of staff, whether it be the FBI director, right? Those are the kinds of things he was demanding. And so this is exactly how it was, was going to end up, that it was going to look different and feel different. I think. And you know, there, there's a criticism of the media as people often like to do in saying that, you know, we have to like go at it as if this is a traditional And that the precedent with how other people operated should apply to Trump. And I think like that sometimes that's not true. I think this is one of those times we already told everybody that this was, this was how, what was going to work and you can compare it to others, but he has always operated completely different.


And you know, to your question earlier about whether or not he, you know, how much he can take, he kind of likes some of the chaos. He likes a little bit of the drama. It feels like a television show, right? Something that you can see on A, B-C-C-B-S or NBC, right? With a president coming into office and all of this stuff swirling around, but then it works out in the end, right? That's kind of how some of this stuff works out. Yeah. And the chaos was frankly part of the appeal to voters. That's what they voted For. Yeah. They liked it. Yeah, they loved it. And last thing on the, on hgf, I mean, I dunno if you saw this report by Brian Stelter at CNN about how Fox News is just ignoring the Hgf controversy, it's already just so weird for a network to have a weekend anchor plucked out and made up Secretary of Defense potentially, but then just to ignore one of the biggest stories of the Trump administration, that's gotta be strange in the newsroom.


Yeah, I mean, I think there, you know, there are definitely people within Fox News who would want them to cover it. I think those people aren't making the decisions to do so. Right? And this is, I mean, you know, Fox News operates a lot differently. I think one, I think any network might have difficulty figuring out how to, how to cover this story. But Fox News operates completely differently in, in some ways, in how they cover their own folks and things that might, you know, make them look bad. I will say there's been, you know, on, at least on X there's been a bunch of Fox News personalities who've come to H's defense. But because that conversation's not happening on, on Fox News, the people that watch aren't seeing that, but they did see his mom, right?


And so that, that, that seems to be the way that they've decided to move forward. I will be interested to see after his mom's interview, whether or not the defense of Pete Heck, Seth will be as full throated on television as it was with her today. Nothing says badass Secretary of Defense like Colin and Mommy. You Know what I would call my mom in too. She's bad. I Listen, man, I remember I got, I got in trouble at school once and the teacher called my mom on a weekend and I was like listening from the top of the stairs and all of a sudden my mom just started lighting this teacher up on my behalf. And I was like, holy shit, that's, that's how it should go. That's exactly what, anyway, I'm a little, I was probably pain the ass. I'm being honest. Switching gears to other sort of, in inter-family conflicts, let's talk about Joe Biden pardoning his son Hunter, which we covered on Tuesday.


There was some speculation on Twitter that Biden did this as kind of a final FU to the Democratic party for pushing him out of the reelection campaign. I'm not sure that I buy that, but I'm wondering if you've heard any sort of, of anything about that in your reporting or generally what you made of the, the process for how Biden made this decision and the timing for when he made it. Yeah, I think one the kind of f you to the Democratic Party, that's not really how he like operates, right? And I think like this kind of decision was about his son and not really about anyone else. Right? I think that part of it is, is very clear. Yeah. Clearly. Right. But I, and I, I think what it shows you is that the Democratic party, especially the ones that are most vocal, are still pissed at him for the election, right?


Like his, his legacy is tarnished based on that. And every other thing is just like icing on the cake for people that wanna attack him and him in those decisions. And I think the process of it is kind of exactly how those of us that covered Joe Biden, if you've covered him any ti any period in his life of how important his family is to him and how much of kind of an sometimes an outsized influence they have on kind of decisions that are much bigger than just the family. And so kind of at the, you know, the end of his political career, what else does, what does he have to lose, I guess, right? Like the respect of Democrats. They've, most, many of them have already lost a lot of respect for him. And I think as he was having these conversations with the first lady, the other members of the family, it basically just became clear that one, they felt that there was a danger in, you know, a Donald Trump, DOJ coming in and investigating his son with all the conspiracy theories that had been out there about what his son did or didn't do, And, that at the end of the day, he had the power to do it.


What I think is really interesting is was the statement that he made was, was, was leaned way heavily into like, oh, this was so hard and this decision, you know, tore me up. I care so much, much about the rule of law, but I think really at the end of the day, what the American people and the, and the reason why it did it landed so poorly is that the American people will probably, if a president said, I thought my son was gonna get investigated, I worry about whether or not he's going to relapse. I have the power to do it and have responsibility as a father. You know, I, I'm not happy that I, I was put in this position, but here it is. Right? And I think that's the real reason. I think probably folks in the Democratic Party, one, they clearly, a lot of them have been like, you know, sure do it whatever you had the power to do.


So I think the American people also appreciate that kind of kind of honesty because I, that it's one why Donald Trump has been kind of popular when he talks about power, right? and what he's gonna do with power. And I think democrats often pretend that they are, that power is not to be wielded kind of however you decide, right? Right. There's no rules about pardon power. You do what you want. That's such a good point. You, Donald Trump goes out to events and he was like, I hated electric vehicles, but then Elon gave me a hundred million and now I gotta say I love him. And then people are like, ha ha ha. What candor We love him. Yeah. Yeah. I, I have a similar reaction on, on the Hunters.


Like we don't need to belabor it, but you know, I understand it on a human level, he absolutely has the power to do it. The Supreme Court just reaffirmed it. But if I were his staff and I was sort of cut outta decision, or I was told to lie about it like Kareem John Pierre was, or other spokespeople for the Democratic party, other surrogates, I would be pissed because it's not just Joe Biden's, you know, credibility here. It's the entire Democratic party that we all look like we are full of shit. And just typical politicians who say one thing for an election and then do whatever we want afterwards. And I think that's the real damaging part. I think his staff is probably used to it, right? Like that about him, like going to Wilmington or going in Nantucket and coming back thinking differently than when he went there. But I think you're right, the kind of danger here is that one Republicans have and have already seized on this, is that whatever pardon Donald Trump does over the next four years.


So what, but you know, like Democrats don't really have elect to stand on and Joe Biden will probably be out of the political arena. But people like you and the others who were kind of, you know, saying for a while based on what Biden was saying, that he's never gonna do this. This is an honorable man. They put their necks out on the line and they will be in the political arena ca you know, kain, Jean Pierre will be around and she'll be asked about this over and over and over again. Other people who defended on whether television or X or whatever in interviews. They also will have to kind of figure out and already have tried to figure out how to defend this decision and defend the decision making process. When did he make the decision versus right what he told us in June. Right. It does seem like, you know, that's where people like Gavin Newsom, governor of California is a little pissed off.


Yeah, you're right about, you know, these decisions being made at Wilmington or Nantucket. If I was the Russian, you know, spy service, I would've been wire in that rich guy's house in Nantucket a long time ago.


Podcast America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Talk about things that take a long time to do, like sorting through countless emails. Oh, that is the worst. Also, you know, it's really, it takes a long time hiring as an employer, I can, I can tell you, but now there's hope, thanks to ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast and today you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. And based on what I'm telling you, I'm an employer, I prefer it the most. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. We have used it here at Crooked Media for a long time. If you've ever hired before, you know how difficult the process is. ZipRecruiter makes it much, much easier. Let ZipRecruiter find top talent for your roles and know time at all. See why four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And if you go to ziprecruiter.com/crooked right now, you can try it for free. That's the same price as laughing so hard that your sides hurt or getting a compliment from a random stranger. Again, that ziprecruiter.com/crooked ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire


Pod Save America is brought to you by Aura Frames. Isn't it funny how the people we love the most are often the hardest to shop for? Luckily there's one gift that everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. An Aura Digital picture frame. This is named number one by Wirecutter Aura Frames make it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give an Aura frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with a thoughtful message in photos using the Aura app, making it an ideal present for long distance. Loved ones. My parents aren't really long distance, they're an hour away. But reading this ad a couple times made me think I should get them an aura frame. They are obsessed with pictures of our children and my brother's child, and I think it's really cool to give them a nice gift where they can just put the frame up and continue to see new pictures refreshed all the time. It's a really great product. Save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code crooked at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code crooked. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays, terms and conditions apply.


Pad Day America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy in boho designs makes furniture shopping simple articles. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada, plus they won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Article's, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. What do you love about article? What's your favorite article piece? We got tons of great article stuff here. We have desks, we have chairs. I got some patio furniture At home. Well, if you go to their website, you can shop by a room. So you can say living room, dining room, bedroom, home office, outdoor entryway. So they make it super easy and like, you know what, I don't have strong views on coffee tables. No. Right. So they'll just show you like a couple great options. You Get one, you're good to Go. No, that's, that's important. And, and they arrive pretty quickly and it's affordable and it looks fantastic. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Let's talk about the media, this sort of media moment and how you see it. I'm not gonna ask you just to belabor your biography because anyone listening to a podcast about the media knows who you are, knows your work well. But you know, suffice to say as as playbook author and the White House Correspondence Association President, you really are at the center of the political coverage discussion. So I wanna start with some political reporting. A Trump advisor told Politico that Trump 2.0, the White House briefing room could be one where quote, Maggie Haberman sits next to Joe Rogan. Now, you know, for context, I think it's worth saying that every administration comes in saying they have grand ambitions to change the briefing room, change the comms process, and then they often end up doing just the same old shit including Trump in his first term.


Yeah, but do, do you get the sense that these guys really want shake things up? Is this bravado and trolling? Like how should I read it? I Mean, the people that we speak with, right? Most of those conversations are off the record, but the people that we speak with in kind of talking about then, I mean that in W-W-H-C-A terms talking about this, they are not saying the exact same things that you're hearing on these podcasts that people, they're saying in blind quotes, right? And the bravado of, you know, f the legacy media, we're gonna do whatever we want. That's coming from a lot of people that are kind of like in Trump world and around Got it. But that is not at this point how the team is talking about it.


Right. And I think that's really important and people are using language like could Right, of course anything could happen. That's true. Sure. You know what I mean? I, I could grow another neck. Like anything could, could, Could do the briefing, right? Exactly. Right. Like all of these things could happen. But I think it mostly speaks to how people are looking at the narrative and the, the rhetoric about the media from, you know, Trump and Republicans really, and, and extrapolating from there without kind of knowing every single conversation that's happening behind closed doors. And I think like, you know, our expectation is that things stay set by the precedent that has been set by members of both parties and presidents of both parties for decades.


And I will say, you know, Donald Trump, as he bashes the media, he talks about the, the distrust of the media, but he also has us around, right? Like he's like, he loves you guys. Like the interviews like that, that part of it, if people aren't hearing and seeing the things that he do, he's doing, like did they actually happen? Right? That is, that is a big part of this. He understands kind of the theatrics of the presidency in a way that I think, you know, frankly, Joe Biden and team don't. Right? Like they, you know, Donald Trump during his first term would bring the pool into the Louisville office, right? Which is, and just like basically do his own mini press conference, right? That's not something that other presidents have done.


And I don't see those kinds of things changing and frankly, like, you know, some of these names that are being thrown out about people who should be in the briefing room, like being in the briefing room is not like, it's not just like easy, you can just pop in No. Right. It's the White House. You have to, you, you also have to come a lot. Right. It is not like a part-time job. It's not something you can do every once in a while. A lot of these people don't even live in DC so. That's right. Yeah. I really, I feel very torn about this briefing room debate because I, I think there is value enforcing an administration to be on the record every day about Yeah. Whatever issue you guys want to ask about. I really, really don't want changes to the briefing room structure that push reporters off the White House grounds.


'cause I think that is damaging and yeah, your ability to like just interact with people is very valuable. But I have sat through countless briefings when I worked the administration. I have watched the briefing in the Press Secretary role get turned into a clown show by Sean Spicer and others. The last election I think shows that all of us need to change the way we're communicating with people or else the news industry is gonna struggle. You know, politicians won't get their message to voters and they'll just get, you know, bad information off of Twitter or whatever. So I, I don't have a great fix for this, but it's just, you know, those are the things I, I kind of stew over when thinking about the problem. And I also just wondered how much say the White House Correspondence Association kind of has in the, in the matter of what gets changed.


Yeah, I mean, the thing of, we ha we have always, since Ronald Reagan actually kind of set up the seats in the briefing room, for example. But it is the, you know, who they pick who comes into the room even, right? For those that have been on the White House grounds, some of us have hard passes and then there's kind of a form that you can fill out and come just like randomly. And like, you know, that is something that is with completely within the power of the White House and the Press Secretary, you know, they have said that they want to brief, right? That has been very clear. Even when Trump nominated Caroline Le Levitt, he talked about how great she would be behind the podium, right?


And so, you know, that that is never gonna change. And I think you're right. You know, sometimes those briefing rooms, people that are watching them are like, what the hell is going on? People are just yelling. It's, you know what I mean? And, and, but I think at the end of the day, you know, this is a democracy and it is important for the most powerful people in the country or the people that work for them to have to defend and answer questions that not just we have, but that the American people also have. Right. I think what we need to do a better job of as just like the media in general is to talk to more people on the ground to understand the questions. Right? And so much of, and, and there's a, again, theatric nature to some of this And that doesn't have to be the case, right?


Yeah. It should be about trying to find the information. It should be about, you know, holding the press secretary, no matter who they are, their feet to the fire about the decisions that are being made. After that, you take that information and then you go and do more reporting, right? It's, I don't, there's almost no one who just takes what's in the briefing room and then does report a story. No, a newsletter off of it. There's so much that goes Into it. No e even the White House Press app doesn't trust everything that's said in that briefing room. No, but I, I do the theatrics, theatrics are all, it's all, look it, let's be real. It's always the TV people, when I was there, there was this awesome CBS guy, I loved him named Bill Plant. Yeah. And he would just read a hard copy of the newspaper in the front row, and it was just such a flex. Like, I don't give a shit what you're saying right now. I'm gonna ask my question, but then, I mean, there's worse versions, right?


Yeah. I mean, there's times when it feels like people are posturing or peacocking. There was a lot of, you know, I'm not gonna name names, but there were some journalists who would always get in these combative fights with Trump in the first administration. And I always felt like it played into Trump's hands in a sense. Yeah. I don't, I didn't think anyone looked good, but I don't know, do, do you disagree? And is there any remedy for this dynamic? Or is it just, is what it is? I think we have to, everybody has to do their part, right? Like we as journalists have to come into that room thinking about getting the information right. You can be combative, you can go back and forth, but at some point it does become clear that, one, you're not gonna get your question answered. And sometimes a non-answer is an answer, right?


Like, that's something that I have learned in journalism. This, you know, like when I interviewed Vice President Harris, I was talking to her about Israel and, and kind of like what she would change, and she wouldn't say any, she wouldn't say anything. So it's like, okay, yeah, take my answer. That means that she, you know, she doesn't want to change anything. And I think people should take that. I think people should go in there and focus on their job and not, you know, think about, you know, what's gonna look good on Twitter X, what's gonna, you know, what, you know, what's gonna help them get a book deal or what's gonna, that stuff is not helpful for the job that we have been tasked with, which is getting the information out for the American people, something illuminating so they can live their lives. Yeah.


Speaking about getting good information, I mean, I have like 800 text chains with friends in politics and the other day somebody sent around a tweet from the epic Times about a Trump personnel thing. I don't even remember what it was. And normally like, this is an outlet, it's like associated with the following gong. It's kind of this right wing weird thing. Now normally I would just kind of dismiss it as a joke, but then I started to think, I don't know, I've seen a lot of news break in weird places over the last couple weeks because that's where MAGA world is, is located and that's who they're talking to. And in the Biden days, we look, we knew he called Tom Friedman all the time. We knew he called Maureen Dowd all the time. We knew we called Morning Joe all the time. And so you could kinda read between the lines of what they said and see Biden's fingerprints on these things.


Now I'm back to consuming hours and hours of Steve Bannon's podcast and feeling like a psychopath. How are you adjusting your media diet to, to make sure you're not missing stuff now? Yeah, I mean, kind of the same way, right? You have to go where you think the information is going to be. And I think people that are want to hear and think about and and hear from Donald Trump and the folks around him, they're gonna have to get outta their comfort zone, right? Like the people that like, you know, no shade Tia, but it's not coming from Crooked Media, right? Nope. That's not the, that's not where like all that We're reading it insight. That's not where that all that insight is gonna come from. No. And so people are gonna have to change their media diet a little bit. And frankly, I mean, you know, Trump 2.0 is Trump, just like Trump 1.0 was exhausting and it was like so much all the time.


And so I think it is possible that a lot of voters are just going to like, ignore a lot of the things that, that kind of pop up. We though in, in the media have to do the opposite, which is like, take as much in as we possibly can. So not only do you have to read, you know, the stuff in, in, you know, some of these kind of non-traditional, non legacy right wing websites. You gotta talk to the people they're talking to, right? And so it's, it's changing my media diet, but also kind of changing the kinds of folks that, that I'm talking to and trying to sift through where that information is. Because you also, you know, have to, a lot of the, the Trump 1.0 was folks trying to get out ahead of certain leaks that were gonna come, right?


Yeah. And so you have to like really think, and reporters have to really think about why is this person telling me this thing? So when you read a, some a story, I have to think of the exact same thing. Who wants this song and why? And I think it's gonna, it's gonna test all of us and, and how much we, how much information we can take in, but also like how, what kind of information we're gonna spit out to the American people. Yeah. I think the, the, the intake will probably be the same. I think this, we should all do a little more sifting this time and less, you know, lighting ourselves on fire at every tweet. Also, you're gonna eat those words when I launch a show with Don Jr. Eric, soon I'll come on, I'll come on the first episode. Be like double triggered, whatever we're gonna call it. The, let's talk about trust in media for a second.


According to Pew, 40% of Republicans and Republican leaning independents say they have a lot of, or some trust in the information they get from national news organizations that is 30 points lower than in 2016 and basically just above the score that Republicans give in terms of trust of information from social media. Meanwhile, democrats like me, 78% of us trust the national news. So I'm just, what do you think that like 38 point gap in trust in media tells us about, you know, how to change the job or, or, or what it means for Trump? Well, I mean, one, it tells us that for years you've had people attacking the media and attacking people's trust in the media, right?


This stuff doesn't happen in a vacuum, right? People trusted the media at one point and then that coming, you know, that that going down so quickly and by so much, so fast is it tells all of us that like the, the attacking the media did work, right? For a lot of people. But I think it also for, for us, it tells us that like we have to try to keep getting to the, getting to people who maybe not reading us and don't trust us. And I don't think, and you don't have to sugarcoat stuff, right? I am very anti-sugar coating, I think like give people their damn Brussels sprouts and like call it a day like, I'm not giving you ain't no damn chocolate over here. Right? Like, I think that's like an important part of the process.


Yep. But there is, when we are seen as peacocking right, to our earlier conversation, that's when I think a lot of people lose their trust. So. if you have a side saying you can't trust these people, and then you have, you know, I'll use myself an example. I wouldn't do this, but I'm in, you know, I stand up and yell at Caroline in the briefing room so that I can get a, you know, a nice little bump on Twitter. Why would I trust someone who does that? Right? And so there's also a kind of like, look that we have to do as we're trying to figure out how, what to cover and how to cover this and more importantly, gain the trust of the American people back because it it, does it impact us? Yes. People are getting le there's less organizations available to do work, right?


We're seeing layoffs happening all the time. That's a part of this conversation locally, especially, that's what I'm most worried about. You're seeing like less local newspapers and that's where people get most of their information. But it also is bad for democracy. It's bad when people are looking at the institutions and saying that, you know, these people don't believe in us, aren't doing this work for us. So we have to do a better job at, at explaining that the reasons that we got in this job still exist. For many of the people that do it, it's hard as hell. Like, you know, like, it's not gonna be easy. It's not gonna ch it's, it's, it may only, it may only get worse, right? Based on what we've seen, but it can't get worse 'cause we're making it worse, right?


Like we have to do our part in trying to fix it and, and have people focus on the, the the, the information and you know, different organizations are going to do it differently, right? I don't think there's gonna be, you know, like this Trump bump. So it might give, right? Yeah. You know, folks and opportunity to like focus on the impact of some of these things instead of kind of like getting distracted by some of the things we often do. Yeah, I mean you, we just talked through some of the structural challenges. There's a whole set of economic challenges Yeah. For the news business, but then there's a sort of scarier set of challenges, which is Cash Patel, who's Trump's pick to lead the FBI has made some explicit threats to go after the media. He said on Steve Bannon's podcast quote, we're going to come after the people in the media who lied about American citizens who helped Joe Biden rig presidential elections we're gonna come after you, whether it's criminally or civilly.


Does that make you nervous? Me personally, I mean, yeah. You know, I think I didn't do any of those things. I didn't say You didn't do shit. You know, you've been good, you've been nice. I didn't live rigged election 'cause election wasn't rigged. Right? But I think like that's part of this in, you know, talking to other journalists about like what it looks like to cover. You do have people who are like, you know, I'm too nervous about like the retribution, maybe I don't do this. Right? Like, that is a conversation that's happening around the country, not just in Washington DC with people trying to figure out what that actually looks like. So of course where, you know, folks are nervous about that. And I will say, you know, white houses, you know, people in politics, both sides at different times talk shit about the media and like what we don't do right and all of those kinds of things, right?


But it's the, the actual actions, right? So it's like what is rhetoric and what actually changes in the way that we're able to do our jobs? And you know, civilly is also something that is nerve wracking, right? Because it's, that means you can just be in court forever, right? People don't have money to do those tho those kinds of things. But there are, you know, tons of resources and I think there's gonna become even more available for reporters if these kinds of things actually come to fruition of people that would do a lot of this work pro bono moving forward. Yeah. You can see I've thought about that a lot. I, I, well, yeah. No, I'm glad you have and I hope that's right because someone like Cash Patel, he was also raising money to sue reporters. You know, he wants to change defamation law, he wants to really go after you.


It Is different, right? Like it is, it is, it is a different world that we could be operating in. It could also be rhetoric, right? Like these are, you know, you know, Donald Trump talked about changing libel laws and those kinds of things and, and, and in his first term and after. And so some of this from Castel could be rhetoric and some of it's stuff that he might actually try and do. And so the people that are in the DOJ, right, not just like him himself, but like the deputies that are going to be around him and the civil servants that are still going to be around them. Do they slow walk these threats? If he comes to them, do they stop them or do they just let it go? It's like getting get that moving through the process is going to look a I think it'll look a lot different than people anticipate.


Yeah. Hopefully Patel gets asked about this at his confirmation here. Excuse. Well I think big deal E 100%. Well I think a lot of them are gonna get asked about their, you know, different podcast popups that they've Had over the years. Yeah. They'll, we'll, podcast habits. Yep. Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, but before we do that, we just dropped a new episode. Oh, we're, we're plugging my stuff. Look at that. My YouTube series Liberal Tears I do with Brian Tyler Cohen. This week we ranked Trump's cabinet picks. We've done a lot of fun ranking episodes. It's a fun goofy show. You can find it on the Pots of America YouTube page. And also, for some reason, even though we're both grown adult men, we've decided that the loser of this silly ranking competition gets a punishment.


So you can watch Brian do horrible things to me, like make me eat one of those chips that are so hot that I couldn't move for two days, or a bite of the smelliest fish in the world. Again, I'm 44 years old, I don't know why I'm doing this, but it's the life I chose. So go to the Patte of America YouTube page while you're there. Look for Liberal Tears, T-I-E-R-S on the YouTube search bar. And enjoy


Pod Save America is brought to you by Quince. What are the challenges you run into when trying to choose a gift for a loved one? Ugh. You know, the longer you've, you've known the person, which in some cases if it's a loved one, is your whole life, the harder it is every year to find something new and different and interesting. Finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming. You always wanna make sure you're giving gifts that people actually want this year. Give timeless gifts made from premium materials with quince quince. Let you treat your loved ones and yourself to everyday luxury at an affordable price. Their super soft fleece sweatpants are a major upgrade to whatever you're lounging in right now. And their packable puffer jackets are perfect for anyone who's traveling for the holidays. I've used Quince, got some great sweatshirts from there, some sweaters I could use a puffer jacket to tell you the truth, or some kind of jacket for now that it's getting cold in LA finally. But it's great. I'm, I'm already, I've been on the website to use it for holiday shopping gift luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to quince.com/crooked for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's q ui ce.com/crooked to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/crooked.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Give, well, you like to optimize things. You've chosen the perfect credit card to maximize your travel points. Shouldn't you handle your charitable giving the same way? Give well spends 50,000 hours every year doing deep dives into charitable programs to try to find the ways to do the most good for your dollar. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate more than $2 billion. Rigorous evidence suggests that these donations will save over 200,000 lives and improve the lives of millions more. GiveWell wants as many donors as possible to make informed decisions about high impact giving. You can find all of their research and recommendations on their site for free. You can make tax deductible donations to their recommended funds or charities And give well, doesn't take a cut. Go to give well.org to find out more or make a donation select podcast and enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know you heard about them from us. Again, that's Give well.org to donate or find out more. And then select podcast. And enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know we sent you


Pod. Save America is brought to you by Biotics. Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night with drinks, you probably don't bounce back the next day like you used to. Z biotics pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. It's to blame for your next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I never go anywhere without biotics, or if I do, I get really annoyed and then ask one of my friends who has a biotics to please bring one for me because you really just don't wanna forget it. After you start using it, you'll know what I'm talking about then it's like you can't drink without it because you just, you don't wanna feel shitty the next day. And with their GMO technology, Biotics is continuing to invent probiotics that will help with everyday challenges of modern living. Go to biotics.com/crook to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Crooked at checkout z biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. Remember to head to zboo.com/crooked and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off.


So let's talk about you in, in in Political Playbook. I think Playbook is the single most influential news product. Thank you. In all of Washington. It's true. Everyone reads it sometimes multiple times a day. You got journalists fighting to get their stories included. And just so listeners don't think I'm a wimp and hypocrite, we used to make fun of Politico. We used to make fun of Playbook and this thing called Take Appreciators. We did years ago. We remember we made a conscious decision to stop 'cause I was like, you know what guys, we're wrong. Yeah, it's really good. Yeah. Like we're just being giant hypocrites here 'cause they do a great job, especially you. Thank you. How does it work? How do you decide what goes in there every day? What's the timeline to get that thing outta what, like 3:00 AM your time? Yeah, Yeah. We start, we, we, it's always out at around six 15.


So it's on 3:00 AM your time. Right? Right, right. And the process is, you know, the, the authors, our editors, the producers we're having one conversations about my phone's actually going off right now. It's just like over and over and over in our signal chat, just sending stories, different thoughts and thought bubbles and conversations. And then we have a, a meeting later on in the afternoon where we kinda work through what does that top section, what is that going to look like and sometimes we make a plan, like on Sunday I had a plan to do and like, this is what the Senate and inhouse have to do. That coming back, it was gonna be kind of like a, one of those like, like listicle ones that, you know, take some conversations, I can get to bed at a reasonable hour and then it changes right?


Then Joe Biden pardons his son at seven 30 or whatever. Now it upends everything. And I think that's the part of this, when you're thinking about the next four years that might change, is do we need to start working at like 4:00 AM or something instead of trying to do a lot of the work at night? And the group that we, the person that's doing the top kind of goes to bed around two 30 or three and then we have another group that comes in and kind of oh wow. Gets a fresh look at it. Adds the links, adds the stuff that we may have missed that people send in to all of our emails, keeps sending it in people forever. We love you, we appreciate it. And then just wake up and do it again. You do it again. Do one, you do it for PM and then you do the whole thing over and over again.


And we're very lucky to have, we We do. And I mean the, it's, you know, me and Rachel and Ryan get a lot of the, the attention, but like the kind of background players and really the spine of playbook are the producers and our editors who are like making sure we get all of the information because there's so much of it that's happening. And I'm always surprised by how well read the producers are with all of the things that they're taking in all day long and trying to live like normal lives As normal. Good luck with that normal life Part. I was gonna say it gets worse and worse. Yeah. Okay. So I buttered you up. The, the flip side of this is the DC Press Corps is often criticized for having a herd mentality when it comes to coverage.


Do you think playbook might contribute to that? 'cause everyone's reading it, You know, I've never thought about that. I think that like we don't, we don't think like that. I think like our, we're we have that kind of driving the day part of it and we're never trying to jump on the bandwagon. We're trying to be in front of the bandwagon and you know, whether playbook or does it or not, like people jump on it, right? Like we, we may be leading it and other, you know, different news influential newsletters around DC may be leading, leading it at different times, but that's up to other people to kind of jump on that bandwagon and cover it. I do think what we try to do is have like the focus on like the impact of this stuff, right?


There's some of the gossip that's, that's in there, but the gossip at times tells you a lot, right? Like, we always knew that HX Seth was having problems because we were talking to senators and folks on the transition about this for a long time. We, same thing with Gates, right? Those kinds of things were happening and it sounds like gossip at the time, right? For a lot of people. But then eventually that gossip leads to someone dropping out or having a really hard time having their nomination. Yeah. But yeah, I think there's like a lot of things in the DC press that like, we're not perfect, right? Like, we miss things. We focus on sometimes like the shiny objects a little too much, right? And so when you're thinking about how the next four years within the media goes, I, my hope is that folks focus on not being distracted and really like focus on the why something is happening, right?


Like I think that is much more one interesting and two important for the American people to understand, right? Like if you know a politician lies sure, call it out, do the fact check, but also what are they lying for? What, what are the, what is the thing they're trying to hide? So it has to like go deeper than just kind of the, the bandwagon mentality sometimes does. Yeah. And Trump pretends to hate the mainstream media or legacy media, but I assume that his staff are just as obsessed with getting stuff in playbook as everybody else. And Republicans generally, We have a nice wide swath of people who send us information. Look at you, look at what a pro no sourcing. One big thing the White House Correspondence Association does is the White House correspondence dinner.


Yeah. Big fancy gala in the spring. Everyone calls it Nerd Prom. You guys gonna book Tony Hinchcliffe and do you expect Trump will attend? You know, I don't know actually, I think, you know, the, whether or not he's going to attend, I think at the end of the day it's up to him. And you know, the invitation is, has always been open for presidents to, to do so. He didn't during the, the four years and that's, that was his choice. And the dinner still happened. People keep asking me like, are we gonna have a dinner? I'm like, I'm how I'm planning it. So somebody that damn show up. So, so that aspect of it is like that part's going to happen. But at the end of the day, for me as president and the person who people don't know this with like the dinners basically like me and the executive director of the association kind of planning and come together and we then we get a, the production team And that does a lot of the physical stuff.


But the focus for me and Steve, our executive director is about the reporters, right? So like whether or not, you know, presidents come, whether or not a vice president comes, whether or not members of Congress come and sit in the, you know, in the crowd. That's not my focus. Our focus is like celebrating good journalism. Kardashians, the Kardashians, Beyonce. But like that, that part of it is the fun part of it. Yeah. And frankly, like, you know, people could use some levity. This job is very heavy. And so I think that aspect of it is, is important too. Every, every once in a while it's nice to have a little bit of fun when we're kind of doing all of this, dealing with all of this chaos.


Absolutely. We'll need it in April. I know, that's for sure. Yeah, no, I I it's, it's one night of fun. I don't know people Yeah, give us one night, interpret it one night of fun one Night. Well the Obama people, the meanest shit we ever did to the press was do the Bin Laden operation the day after the correspondence dinner. So I was just watching all these people on TV so hungover, like they just basically Couldn't speak on so much concealer. Great. Yeah, that's tough. Yeah. So a lot of people know you from Playbook, they know you as the impeccably dressed reporter on tv, but I was reading up on you for the episode, you played Division one college football. I did. I know the nail polish confuses people now, but I did play defensive end for Colorado State. I did no shit. Yeah. Yeah. Where, so you played in high school where it was like played Part of your life, played in Texas?


Yeah, it was, it's funny because, so my dad played football at WA for college and so he, I'm the only son and he really wanted, you know, his son to play football. And you know, I'm, I was a good kid and so I kind of, you know, got into it and I wanted to quit because I was, I was such a, I was always a like larger kid than everyone else. They hit him on the offensive line. So I calling my dad, he was in the army, so he was overseas and I was like, I'm quitting, I hate this. But then he was like, give it one more week. They put me on defense and it just like, I had a switch flipped in my head. And so I played, you know, little league middle school, high school, college. I, I love football. I think a lot of it was like the camaraderie, the like teamwork of it.


Which is why I like being on playbook. Same reason. And also like knocking some heads, it's People people, My nickname was mean Jane. I was like, I have my back somewhere. My Shoemaker high school Letterman jacket is back there that says me Jean And huge letters next time wear that. Please wear that on tv. Put a weird to the White House correspondence dinner. Of course you like playing defense, you play offense, you're the schlub is getting wrecked, right? All of a sudden you're just going at people pass. It's so much better. It's so much better. Do you hate Dion Sanders and the Colorado team? Were they they big rival? No, Dion was, he wasn't there when I was there. Yeah. You know cu I'll say this, so CSU and CU have this, you know, have always had this rivalry forever. Those games get nasty.


They Get real nasty. And more importantly, the stuff before is gets nasty, those rivalries. And, and I didn't, I wasn't from Colorado, I played in Texas. We were military brats, so we like bounced around everywhere. So I didn't understand like rivalries that lasted for a long time. Yeah. So we get up there to Colorado State and we're doing like two aday this summer and we have all these guys coming and getting us hyped up for the game. I'm a freshman so we're like, none of us are gonna play. We're just like, and they're like, you're gonna hate them. Like you have to hate them. And I'm like, I don't hate them. That's weird. I don't know these people. But then we get there and I like see them walking in and I'm just like filled with this like anger that I had never felt on. But to that point of start like yelling at them, I was like, oh, now I get yeah, the world rivalry.


This is bad. This Is, I love it. It's not Good. Yeah, when Harness for Good, that stuff's fun. When harness for bad it's real bad. But yeah, there's nothing better than like the rivalry week in college football where you watch, you know, like Minnesota and Wisconsin battling it out over some giant ax or some stupid shit. Exactly. You're like, kids really care about this. They're literally fighting over someone planting a flag in the center of the field. Exactly. Exactly. Anyway, let me just ask you about the close for a second because again, you're a fashion icon in the DC Press Corps. Thank you. As I noted at the top, I was a more of a Joseph A. Banks three for one guy. Well, like when did this become important to you? What do you think? Like is there a meaning behind it or just like it It's fun. Yeah. I mean it is fun, right? Like, I like to play with colors and, and fabrics and things, but I think like part of it is also, if I'm being really honest, is like I am six three, I'm black, I'm gay.


There are, there's almost no room that I walk in where like eyes aren't looking at me even though I had like a blue suit on. I have a big Afro. And so part of it is like, you know, I'll give you something to look at. Like if that, like if you're gonna be staring at might as well just like lean in, look good to what I want and, and do that. Yeah. I also think that it is when I ca I came out at 27 and I kind of like always said, I'm just gonna live my life how I want And. that was a part of it. And there was like, you know, some nerves the first time I wore like pink to the briefing room where I was like, this is not gonna go over well. But I found out is like nobody cared that much, right? There are a lot of people on X that care, but the people like in person, I've never heard anything other than like the same thing you said, right?


Like the compliments, which I really appreciate. And I think that when you kind of do what you want and like, you know, without hurting other people and like live your truth as the kids say, then you give per permission for other people to do it. Yes. I had a lot of people in DC they're like, I bought, I bought a pink tie. Like, I'm like, you go bro. Like you get out that comfort zone, you do it, it you get at that comfort zone. Yeah. And it's just fun. Like who? I, I don't know. I think people, I think I do not believe that the way someone is dressed speaks to their seriousness. Right? No, It's ridiculous. Or, or their talent level or, or whether or not they are a real journalist or whatever. And I think, like what I've learned is a lot of people don't either Listen, I dress boring because I'm lazy, but I, I think DC people like you don't need an excuse to be interesting or different.


Right? Or be yourself. Like there's no value in kind of looking like the herd there. It's just, it's, it's a town where everyone I think could use a hobby or a passion or something other than walking up to people at a bar and being like, what do you do? Right? Right. Worst question worse. And you, and you, and when you get here, you take it on immediately and you start. So you have to like stop yourself from asking people what they do because it's not like DC is, its its own culture. The clothing's a part of that. Like the conversations are a part of that. The like DC stare off when you're having a conversation with someone. Oh my God, the worst, the, and they look past you time I'm always like, can go, you're free. Yeah. You Don't have to. Yeah, you don't have to talk to me. I don't want to talk to you. You can, you can go, that's fine.


Go hang out with them. But I think that it is, you don't have to listen to the world. I think a lot of, in DC that happens like on a personal level a lot as like where well Blue makes me look serious. and it was like, no, it just makes you look like Bob, like you and Bob. Yeah, just look alike. Now you have the same suit as Bob. There's nothing wrong if that's your truth, you know, if Joseph A. Banks is your jz, if if you, if Brooks Brothers gets you going, you know, do that. But if it doesn't, like do something different. The brothers Brooks. Yeah, exactly. Well Eugene, thank you so much for all the work you're doing. Thanks for joining the show today. It's a blast talking with you. Everyone should subscribe to Playbook. Everyone should follow you on Twitter. What's your, what's your Twitter At Eugene Daniels two at Eugene Daniels two. Okay. That's it for the show today.


Thank you John and Dan will be back with a new show Friday morning. So tune in then. Thanks everybody. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America Feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and SA Ruben. Our associate producer is Farris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer.


The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroot is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David


Toles. Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit OnDeck dot com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval


Variety raves Maria is absolute perfection and Entertainment Weekly Hails Academy Award winner Angelina Jolie, brings tragedy and triumph to the last days of opera singer Maria Callis. Finally, I am in control And critics agree it's a towering toward divorce performance from Angelina Jolie and a career best My life is opera. There is no reason in Opera Maria directed by Pablo Leray for your consideration now playing its like theaters. And on Netflix, December 11th.