
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe. Home Security from Global Conflicts. Economic uncertainty can feel like every day brings another unsettling headline, that's for sure. While we can't control the world outside, we can take control of our own security. SimpliSafe provides 24 7 protection, so no matter what's happening in the news, you can always count on peace of mind at home. I set up a SimpliSafe. Really easy to do. Works great. The technology's really reliable. The customer support is really reliable, does make you feel very confident and protected With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning, or when locking up each night, traditional security systems only take action after someone is already broken in. That's too late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone is lurking around or acting suspiciously those agency and talks to them in real time, Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have a chance to get inside your home. No long term contracts or cancellation fees Monitoring plans start affordably at around $1 per day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked to claim 50% off a new system with professional monitoring. Plan to get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Fabre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. Lots to get through today. Trump's call with Putin, America's credit downgrade Republicans making even deeper Medicaid cuts. Another Supreme Court ruling against Trump Cash Patel and Dan Bonino being compromised by the deep state and Trump lashing out at everyone from Bob Iger and Taylor Swift to Bruce Springsteen and Beyonce. But we should start with the very sad news that Joe Biden has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer that has spread to his bones. In a normal world, everyone would react to this news by sending thoughts and prayers to President Biden and his family, and that would be that.


That is obviously not the world we live in. Biden's diagnosis comes in the middle of a news cycle about the extent of his decline in office and his decision to run for reelection in 2024, which is chronicled in original sin. The new book by Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson that is now out today. On Friday, the Trump administration also released the full audio of Biden's interview with special prosecutor Robert Hur as part of the investigation into his handling of classified material. And even though we didn't learn anything new that wasn't already in the transcript, it is striking to hear how frail and tired and sometimes confused Biden sounded. All of this is to say that when the news broke about Biden's cancer, it led to all sorts of questions, conspiracies, criticisms, and some pretty gross reactions.


Don Jr and plenty of other mag pundits have accused Biden and the first lady of covering up the diagnosis while he was in the White House, our old pal, Dean Phillips, the Democrat, who mounted a late primary challenge to Biden, told the New York Times that he doesn't think it's coincidental that this was announced the week that Jake and Alex's book dropped and Donald Trump, who posted an uncharacteristically supportive message wishing Joe a fast and successful recovery right after the news broke, changed his tune when asked about it on Monday. I think it's very sad actually. I'm surprised that it wasn't, You know, the public wasn't notified a long time ago because to get to stage nine, that's a long time.


I just had my physical, you saw that you saw the results of that particular test. I think that test is standard to pretty much anybody getting a physical good physical. We had the doctors at the White House and over at Walter Reed, which is a fantastic hospital. I do it. I I did a very complete physical, including cognitive test. I'm proud to announce I aced it. Got 'em all. I got 'em all right. The autopen is becoming a very big deal. You know, the autopen is becoming a big deal because it seems like that maybe was the president, whoever operated the autopen. But when they say that that was not good, they also, You know, you have to look and you have to say that the test was not so good either. In other words, there are things going on that the public wasn't informed.


And I think somebody's gonna have to speak to his doctor if it's the same or even if it's two separate doctors. Why wasn't the cognitive ability, why wasn't that discussed? Just a great topic to riff on there. Just sad and terrible all around. Just do you think you get hazard pay for being the military doctor as to put a finger in Trump's butt? That's how complete the physical is. Wow. It would be part of it. Wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow. There is of course, no stage nine. It's stage four. It was a Gleason score of nine, but You know, we won't nitpick Trump's statement there. Details. All right guys, what are your reactions to both the news and the fallout so far?


Yeah, look, obviously it's scary and awful for his family and I hope the treatment's effective. And I also hope the story pushes other men to get prostate exams because it's very important. I, I think days like this are when you wish social media never existed and didn't currently exist. Right? You get the narcissist sort of saying the shittiest things they can imagine to make it about themselves and then argue with people. You have the instant experts. We got half a Twitter, we have the amateur oncologists who are certain they know how to interpret the diagnosis. And then you have the Conspiracist folks who I would include our president, I guess, who are trying to decide if the diagnosis was covering up the her report or the tapper book or, but they, they're positive. It's a cover up with something.


And you know, obviously the lack of trust here around the diagnosis and with President Biden talking about his health is self-inflicted because people feel like there was a lack of candor around his health going into the reelection. One good. That could come from this. I was trying to think of something good that could come from this would be if there was some sort of reform or law that was passed that mandates some sort of independent disclosure from the president's position. Like it's a joke that we are relying on these letters from Trump's doctor that say he has the he and weight of an NFL wide receiver, right? Like I know that there's a lot of sensitivity here about a president's relationship with their physician. Would that create disincentives to get care if you thought it had to be released?


But I don't know, there should be a form that is standardized that it goes out that tells us the health of our president or maybe even major party nominees. Yeah, there's sort of two kinds of reactions that you see now. One is a kind of like performative offense and saying this diagnosis means that anyone that was critical of Biden's decision to stay in the race or anyone who believes that the conversation we need to have is being ghoulish and disgusting, which is a performance of empathy and claiming something is disgusting because you are showing that you are disgusted. And then you have on the other side a kind of, I don't know, like a, a way of proving your bonafide by demonstrating you don't have compassion as if compassion is some kind of concession to Joe Biden's politics or policies.


I think that's what you see with JD Vance, who it is a part of his view that the left uses emotion and empathy as a cudgel and as a weapon. And so you demonstrate your seriousness by proving that even now, even in this first few hour, 48 hours after learning this information, we need to have this conversation about Joe Biden's fitness. And to me it's like, okay, like be show like, is it that hard to just sort of step back and say this is a sad moment and you c this is a debate we still have to have. But you can also reflect on the fact that there's a human being and a family and it's a serious thing and a lot of people are going through cancer and they will see themselves in the coverage of this story. And there's nothing wrong with taking a moment to be kind of circumspect about that without allowing the fact that there is a real person involved to mean we can't in the coming days, weeks, and months, make sure that we are learning the lessons of what happened in 2024.


Yeah. I think it's also important just to go through what we know and what we've been told by oncologists and experts and, and the Biden family just to, because You know, there are all these conspiracies out there. Was was, did he have the cancer, did they know about this, this diagnosis while he was in the White House? Right? That is a question a lot of people are asking and some people have just decided that he obviously did right on the right. Zeke Emanuel, who's Rom's brother and was a Obama Biden administration official and is an, it specializes in breast cancer. So he is an oncologist though, not prostate. He said, he's like, oh, there's no doubt that that a cancer this aggressive has been there for a while and Joe Biden had it while he was in the White House.


Well, that can be true, but also he Could not have known about the diagnosis. And in fact, men who are over 70 sometimes don't get the prostate exam. They just don't test them for that. Partly because, You know, they're, they're getting up in age and if they find one cancer, then they might have the treatment and the treatment may be worse. There's this a whole series of medical explanations. Benjamin Maser, who's a, a physician wrote in the Atlantic today. It's not surprising he said that this happened because many cancers are just discovered out of the blue. We talked to someone on, our producer has a friend who's an oncologist at Sloan Kettering who said, yeah, they, they just wouldn't have tested for that.


Now you can ask, well, he is the president of the United States, why wouldn't they have tested him for that? But it's not completely surprising. My view on all the discussion of the diagnosis is I'll pass. I don't know and I'm not gonna judge, and I'm not asking you to take the White House's word for it. And I'm not asking you to, I'm not trying to disabuse anyone. I just think like if Biden was trying to spin away damaging reports about his health, I'm not sure releasing a cancer diagnosis would be the most effective tactic. I think people should just investigate that theory of The case. Yeah. I wanna say, You know, mean like, I have no idea either, right? Like I, nothing at this point would surprise me about anything, but you just have to like think to yourself. It's a Little logical. Yeah. So the nodule was found six days ago. There were reports about that it was last week that there was a nodule and they were gonna test further, right?


So they, they released the information that there was a nodule found in an exam. Then six days later they had the biopsy and they gave us the results. Also, remember, I forgot about this, but in February of 23, he had a cancerous lesion on his chest. He had a basal cell carcinoma that was removed and that was immediately, You know, released and told everyone. So it just, I don't know why you would cover up your cancer diagnosis to keep serving as opposed to just getting treatment right away for your aggressive cancer. Yeah. We Want treatment. It also sounds like the White House is trying to use this as a pretext to invalidate things that Yes, Joe Biden did. 'cause they're suggesting that having undiagnosed or diagnosed prostate cancer means you thus use the auto pen more often.


He's Just using it as a hook. Exactly. He's using it as a hook to get back to his claim that, You know, it let, let worse ca Right. Let's say we learned actually Joe Biden was diagnosed with cancer and didn't tell anybody. And that's terrible. That doesn't make him more or less fit to do the job while, I mean, it would certainly be an indictment on his decision to run again, but with absolutely nothing to do with whether or not he was copus menis in signing the documents. Right. But this is, this is why you have to just dig like an inch into this before you're like, I the prostate, no one is suggesting that the prostate cancer has anything to do with decline or making you unable to, like, that's, that's not what people are suggesting, right? They're Just flailing. Yeah. It's just, I I think look, it's A, there's an entirely separate conversation that people were having before this diagnosis about his decision to run again and potential decline over the last couple years in the White House for sure.


But like, not everything has to be connected. Not Everything has to be connected and not has, everything has to be about the set of issues or topics you're interested in and talking about every single day. Right. And you know, and, and I just like this idea that like you, that you prove how assured you are and powerful and strong you are in your views by like saying like, You know, every I'm gonna piss on Joe Biden's grave, that's how much I care about Gaza. It's like, what are you fucking talking about? Like what does that prove? What does that prove to anybody? Right. And again, like there is a, especially as when we head towards 2028 and we're trying to nominate other presidential candidate, there is a whole conversation to be had about how 2024 was handled.


We've had it before. We can have it again. It's okay not to have it the day after the guy gets a cancer diagnosis. Yeah. There's no, there's no rush. Yes. I think that's right. I also, there is a like a certain kind of like, it reminds me of when whenever there were like mass shootings, there would be this kind of clutch of conservatives that would be like, how dare you talk about gun control. The bodies are not yet buried you ghouls. And there is a strain of that on the left of like trying to basically like silence views they already disagreed with that have been kind of beating their chest about for weeks before this. Yeah. I I have no the the like why are we talking about this when we should be talking about that takes driving me crazy. It's like we can do both. There's unlimited tweets, You know, it doesn't come with a, a cap a governor, but also it does bring out the performative edge lords like you were referencing there.


Love it. And it's usually from people who are trying to build an audience on the back of their self-righteous preening about a cause that is very important. But will in no way be advanced by whatever it is they're actually saying in that moment. And I'm not trying to tone police anyone. Like say what you want about politicians. We certainly do. But like the people who live on the internet, I think get used to speaking about other human beings in a way that is dehumanizing and detached from reality and that they would never say in person. And you end up saying things that I think chip away at your soul and your humanity. And I would just ask like look inward, say whatever the fuck you want. I don't care. You do. You also, but like, come on, Humans are complicated and life is complicated and it is completely okay to say that you are genuinely sorry for someone and hope that they recover and are wishing them the best and have deep disagreements with their policies or their behavior.


That's okay. It's possible to do all of those things. Yeah. By the way, like I feel that conflict like I I have made just, just, I have made some pretty awful jokes today. But just to get 'em out before we start recording Jesus Christ, I have fucking guns deal with it. You heard him, you laughed. It's all right. I'm not gonna share 'em just for Us now. Now you get the, you get the downside of people knowing you make jokes without the upside of them hearing the funny. That's for the best it the Best. That's for the best. I dunno how, how big that Upside is. Unbelievable, Unbelievable headphones in most of the day. Yeah, same. Same. I don't know what he's talking about. Oh yeah. Alright, let's talk about Biden's successor, who is the president. He had a newsy Monday. Trump announced in a truth social post that he'd just concluded a two hour phone call with Vladimir Putin. And that the result was that Russia and Ukraine will now now begin peace negotiations.


Though he didn't offer any real details, he just went on about the US doing lots of business in Russia and in Ukraine once the war is over. That's what's important. Ending the post. Let the process begin. Tommy, let the, what's your, what's your sense of how real this is? I mean, I mean I, my takeaway was that he was just kinda wiping his hands of the whole thing being like, all right you guys, he's gone from I'll end the war in 24 hours to you guys figure it out. Maybe the Vatican can help, maybe JD will come over again. I don't really care what he's up to. But do you then if you read the Putin readout, he is talking about the need to quote, eliminate the root causes of this crisis, which is code for him regurgitating all his maximalist demands, like deification of the Ukrainian government, territorial demands.


I mean he wants to, the Russians attended at a much lower level, a set of peace talks with Ukraine in Istanbul last week. And basically they're saying we want to continue to occupy and fully control the 20% of Ukrainian territory. So, You know, it's just, it's just, we're noting that like Trump has not ended the war in Ukraine. Things are actually worse 'cause we've not sent them additional military funding. The Russians are, You know, launching these barrages of missiles and drones every single night. They're killing civilians every single night. When you look at Gaza, things are as bad there if not worse than they've ever been. Gaza's been under siege for two months. The airstrikes are relentless. The IDF is now starting a ground invasion.


So he solved none of the international problems he told us he would solve within hours of taking office. It's, You know, your Pope Leo, you're still figuring out how your email works, still figuring out which, which is the best bathroom to use when you're on your way to the office and you get, you're like, I'm sorry, what am I supposed to solve for you now? It is amazing, right? He said, I can solve this in 24 hours. Then he said, oh, that was just hyperbole. Yeah, but I'm still the one to solve it. He goes a two hour phone call, two hour phone call he comes out of, he's like, geez, this is fucking complicated. He actually says like, honestly they need to work it out themselves. 'cause some of this stuff is so complicated. Only they know the details. Yeah, yeah. And maybe the Vatican can handle it. Just throwing like, I just, that is wild. It's like when he, You know, the only pressure Putin has gotten from Trump is Vladimir stop.


Yeah. In a, yeah. In a true social post from a couple weeks ago. That's so that, I don't know why Putin would really change his behavior. Yeah, it's dark. Ugh. And, and just the other part of it too is that right? There's a worthy of Vladimir Putin started. The only reason Ukraine has been able to survive is because of us backing he, Donald Trump is not saying that the US will continue to support Ukraine until there's peace. He's not saying anything to show that he would have Ukraine's back. That's a great sign for Putin who's now making these outrageous demands. So he is just giving up the game and walking away. Do we think the fact that Zelensky and JD Vance met without JD Vance screaming at him at the, at the Pope's inaugural mass is a, is a good sign?


Maybe. I kind of doubt it though. I mean it, I do think they're gonna walk away. I mean, Marco Rubio has been saying this for a couple days. It's like they won't, You know, get serious and start these talks and we're just gonna move on to things that are more important. It's like, well, have you tried pressuring both sides and not just the Ukrainian side That might help things. Vance's Also called it, I think he's on a plane today. He called it Biden's War. Mm. Which is, I think a really dispiriting sign. Yeah, Certainly. One thing you can't pin on Biden,


Patti America is brought to you by Tommy John. Our dads deserve the best more than one day a year, but especially on Father's Day. And you know what your dad wants you to think about one day a year, him and his underwear, how good he looks, how good he feels, how breezy, how silky and luxurious the proprietary Tommy John fabrics are. I know it's a good day when I have my Tommy John's on. I feel confident all day long in underwear that are breathable, lightweight, and comfortable. Get the support you've been looking for with underwear that won't ride up. Tommy John has up to four times more stretch than competing brands, but they won't stretch out. Best of all, you can buy them risk free with their money back guarantee. Elevate your essentials with Tommy John today. Look Tommy John, it's great underwear. Here's what you should do. Go into your drawer, take all your old underwear, throw them out, You know, it's, You know it's in there. You know what you're looking at. And replace them with Tommy John 'cause they're better and they'll last forever and they won't get all stretched out and not fit anymore. Shop tommy john.com/crooked. Go right now for 30% off Sitewide. Save 30% off at tommy john.com/crooked. See site for details.


It's big week for the Trump Republican plan to make America poor again. On Friday, Moody's became the last of the big three credit firms to downgrade the US' credit rating, citing our country's rising deficit. Collect 'em all. Fitch, we got the Fitch downgrade, we got the, what was the other one? Anyway, there's one more rating agency that I'm forgetting. Anyway, all three, we have all three have downgraded us. Nice. This news followed the comments from Walmart's CEO in an earnings call that Trump's tariffs would force the retail chain to raise prices that did not go over so well with Trump. Who demanded that Walmart eat the tariffs in a true social screed where he warned the company I'll be watching and so will your customers.


All of which sounded very much like the threats Trump has made against companies like Amazon and Mattel. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant hit a couple of the Sunday shows to try and clean things up. Walmart will be absorbing some of the tariffs, some may get passed on to consumers. We go back to your initial question on the Moody's downgrades, who cares? Qatar doesn't. Saudi doesn't, UAE doesn't. It's standard. And POS is the third one. Standard chorus. Thank you Tommy. Thank you Tommy. Google. Anyone wanna wade into whether any of these credit ratings are in fact a big deal? Look, We're, we've obviously, we revealed ourselves to be experts. Okay, go on. Sorry. Say we, we we went through something similar in the Obama administration in 2011.


Yeah. I think we've revealed ourselves to be experts on it. Look, I don't, it's what the impact is of a specific ratings downgrade. Like it's not a surprise that the House Republicans are on a path to dramatically increase the deficit or that the United States has become the world's richest basket case. So it's like, are are they really telling people anything they didn't know about? Whether or not the US is a reliable country to lend money to. But I do think it's part of a bigger problem, which is Donald Trump is just spending our credibility. He's just spending it. And we have some, some protection from the fact that we are an incredibly wealthy country.


That we have a lot of goodwill, that we have a lot of countries that have trusted us for a long time. And it's very difficult to unwind a relationship with the United States in a variety of ways, whether you're a business or a country. But it's imperiling us in the long term. And I think we talk a lot about the chaos that Donald Trump has caused and the volatility that Donald Trump has caused. But what we're seeing Republicans do right now is the same thing that they've done for decades, which is clamor about deficits, clamor about debt. Well, but when they get into power, they pass massive tax cuts. They don't want to pay for them and they leave the mess for others to clean up in the hopes that it forces cuts to government spending by more responsible people that'll come later. And what this downgrade says, what a lot of experts say is there's only so long you can do that.


You can't do that forever. We are not in a financial crisis right now. We are not in a moment where we need the government to spend a vast amount of money to prop up the economy in an emergency. But that could come, that could come and it'll be harder and worse if we are living in a deficit created by massive tax cuts for the rich. And the other part of it that I do think is important is it's another we are like Republicans took this information and started lying about it. So you have Steve Scalise who's right now, one of the people running point to pass this massive reconciliation bill that will balloon the deficit by $3 trillion. And he's saying this Moody's downgrade is a reminder about why we have to pass this bill. We have to get our fiscal house in order, which is exactly what we're trying to do.


And so he's just going out to the cameras and fucking lying about what they're doing. Yeah, I mean I'm personally a Fitch guy, so guy, You know what I mean? He's a fit guy. I mean, what, what Moody's is doing is they're looking at the credit worthiness of the US government to pay back debt. And I guess Scott Besson doesn't think the slide from AAA to AA one is a big deal. But in practice, riskier bonds have to pay higher yields, which means they cost us more to issue. And I think the 30 year treasury is now over 5%. So it'll cost the United States more to borrow money. And that also pushes up the benchmark that is used for banks when they issue mortgages or car loans, which is gonna make everything more expensive for everyone. And certain financial institutions or pension funds can only invest in the lowest risk assets and that can have a ripple effect.


And I think right now the annual cost of servicing the US debt, like the interest payments we pay on our debt is $952 billion in 2025. Like our debt is really expensive right now. Yeah. It is a bad, it is a very, very bad situation I think. Right? The the, the, the downgrade itself, what's the impact of that? Who knows? But it reflects a growing problem, which is we are gonna borrow more money and it's gonna cost us more to borrow more money as people doubt whether or not in the long run they can trust us to be a country that repays our debts. Especially when you have all of these sort of right wing kind of intellectuals running around claiming there's a secret method to Donald Trump's madness and there's gonna be something like the Mar-a-Lago records and he's gonna try to downgrade, You know, get, get a deal on our debt and downgrade our debt to kind of do this massive realignment, all this crap.


And all of it adds up to mortgage rates being higher. So on the Walmart thing, it seems like Trump's strategy to deal with the higher prices that are directly related to his trade war is gonna be to just blame us companies. How well do you think that'll work? It's a lot of phone calls. So I think there's like two. So there's the just sort of like kind of scene like hypocrisy of Republicans claiming that Democrats are gonna do price controls and then Donald Trump trying to kind of browbeat and buttonhole these companies into keeping their prices lower. But this is the kind of thing where if Walmart does pass on the price to consumers, that's terrible for consumers. That's just a terrible thing.


That's a self-inflicted wound. It makes life worse for the American people. It raises costs when he promised a lower cost. But let's say it works. Let's say he does successfully bully some giant companies into eating some of the costs 'cause they can afford to do it. Great. What about the small companies that can't do that? What about all the companies that are gonna deal with the, the rising cost of tariffs that don't have the market power of a Walmart or an Amazon to go to the suppliers and kind of force them to eat the cost? They'll just be at a greater disadvantage to the big companies and than what they already were kind of dealing with for, for years, if not decades. So to me this is just like, there's, there's no winning. They do what he says we lose. They don't do what he says we lose. It just seems completely impractical. I mean you can't do this every time someone has to increase a price of something because of a tariff.


Like whatcha talking about? I, so I saw people suggesting that what Trump is doing here is the same as what Democrats were saying during COVI about companies price gouging. I was waiting for someone to make that point. I hadn't seen that. I saw It everywhere I was, I was waiting for that except guys in this case, the government took an action, in this case tariffs that is causing prices to go up. And Trump is saying, okay, you eat the costs, Walmart or whatever. Whereas during Covid prices went up because of supply chain disruptions and then the supply chain disruptions went away, but the prices stayed up. So Democrats said your price gouging, they're very different things in my View. Yeah. And the big difference in the first one was it happened everywhere in the world. Right? And this is just solely due to Donald Trump, who by the way, I, I, I remember hearing from him and everyone in the administration that tariffs are not taxes on anyone in the us Tariffs are just about hitting China with tariffs.


They're hitting other countries and that are ripping us off and they're gonna have to pay and these other countries are paying us so much. But I guess now Trump is acknowledging that it is a tax on us companies and when you raise taxes on US companies, like they're either gonna respond by cutting into their profits, not hiring as many people or raising prices. Those are, or probably some combination of all three of those things. Yeah. The the s You know, the suppliers will ba bear some of the costs. The companies like Walmart will bear some of the costs and consumers will bail bear some of the costs. What's the ratio gonna be? I don't know. That's what best besson's basically admitting that that's the only way that this can go. Yeah. And we just, we don't know how it will shake out. Do I think it's probably a little bit effective for Donald Trump to kind of yell at these companies?


Probably. But somebody's gonna pay like it's just, it's gonna happen. Yeah. And I think for like, in terms of voters, I don't think that voters are suddenly gonna be like, oh yeah, Walmart's really screwing us right now. Like everyone knows about the trade war. Trump has made it his signature economic policy and he has the power to lower the prices by ending the tariffs. I don't remember, I don't remember Joe Biden getting a lot of largess when prices were up because of a once in a generation, once in a century global pandemic. Yeah. People hold the administration are accountable for the economy. Full stop. Well also I think this became public because he, the CEO or some, someone at the company said it during a earnings call. Yeah. CEO did. Right? So they can, so the CEO e has to disclose this on a quarterly earnings call.


Donald Trump calls yells at him. He says, oh yes sir, of course sir, no problem, sir. And then a week or two later just quietly raise prices. Right. And don't announce like gimme a break. Yeah. They're a corporation. Yeah. One thing that certainly won't help bring down deficits or prices, Trump's big beautiful bill that finally passed the house budget committee after Republicans made it worse in order to appease the hardliners in their caucus who had blocked the bill from moving forward last week. They basically, the changes are they moved up the timeline to kick people off Medicaid. They increased some fees for people on Medicaid and they cut even more clean energy investments that Biden had passed. And Democrats, of course the hardliners say they're still not happy. So negotiations are continuing though the house is still aiming to pass this thing by Memorial Day.


Trump's apparently gonna be meeting with congressional Republicans at the Capitol on Tuesday as you're listening to this. So I wanna know what happened to all those house Republicans in competitive districts who are worried about Medicaid cuts. They just gonna swallow all these changes. Now They should remain worried. I mean there's a C on poll the other day that 76% oppose major spending cuts of Medicaid. That includes 79% of independents and 55% of Republicans like so. And the reason is 62% of Democrats and Republicans were on Medicaid or knew someone close to them who were on Medicaid. It's a very personal thing for people. Yeah. Four Republicans voted present, which would be enough Republicans to sink it. Those are the hardliners, but those would be enough to sink it on the house floor.


Right Now it is a, like you had Massey posting earlier today about just how much this adds to the debt. He's saying it adds, I think he said 10 trillion. It's like, that's like a, that's double even what the, the estimates would be if you fully extend it. But whatever the fact that it's $3.3 trillion in deficits before you add, what happens if you extend the provisions they sunset, which means they've pa they've written this bill to claim it only adds over 3 trillion to the debt over years. But in reality they have a bunch of stuff that just goes away after three or four years because they assume political pressure will force it to be extended in the future. Just like what they're trying to do. Now if you add that it's I think over $6 trillion in deficit, all of which basically is extending the Trump tax cuts paid for in part by cutting Medicaid dramatically and accelerating the, the cuts to the inflation reduction act, which are a bunch of clean energy projects, many of which are actually already happening, right?


Like they're, they're coming into say to stop projects that are, or to disincentivize projects that are already happening. It's such a farce because like say they get this through the house, they're gonna get it over to the Senate. Senate Republicans are not going to be able to pass a bill that's as crazy as this one because they have people like Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski and their caucus. And so the, I think the real question comes when whatever the Senate passes, they're gonna send it back to the house and try to jam the house. And then are you gonna get people like Chip Roy and some of these hardliners to just say, sure, I'll take it because Donald Trump yells at them. Or are they gonna be like, no fuck off. I mean, if I was betting, I bet on them passing something because I just, the, the risk of just catastrophic failure of getting nothing done legislatively of Donald Trump being on the hook for the tax breaks expiring and thus everyone getting a tax increase.


I don't, I just, I I, he seemed a little bit disengaged so far. I would imagine he will go ham on these guys at some point in the near future. Here's what, I don't know how you square like the chip Roys of the world. They've been extremely clear about what they want. Like they, they have never wavered. They have been, they have been honest and direct about what they expect. They've never said otherwise. And this bill dramatically increases the deficit without enough cuts. Then you have the salt people that, oh no, I'm sorry, but you do, you Got the Roy boys and the salt people. You Got the Roy boys and the salt people and the, and the salt people know that if the Trump tax cuts expire, the, the salt credits go back up. So it really is like a impossible political situation that I guess they get to yes on by just creating a bunch ramming down the, I guess yeah, ramming down the throats.


But I don't, I like, what I don't understand is I can see how you can get yeses from the moderates by basically having it balloon the deficit more, right? Like that's how you get them. You get rid of some of the negative politics around Medicaid and some of these other cuts and you can get them back. I just dunno how you get enough of the right wingers back. That's what I don't understand. Yeah, I don't either. And they're just gonna be taking heat from a bunch of people on the right who's saying this is gonna add trillions to the deficit. And then Democrats who are gonna rightly be saying millions of people are gonna lose their health insurance so that you can give, You know, make sure that people with estates over $30 million can pass on their estate tax free to their heirs. So, I mean, and, and you know, and give like a mil an average of a million dollars of tax cut to, You know, small business owners who are doing pass throughs.


I mean it's by, But you have, you have Holly by the way, saying he's against any Medicaid cuts. He's on the record. I mean, he'll do whatever, he'll say anything, but like I, I dunno how you get to a yes on him. And the other part of it too is it is amazing how much it is just pure greed because they could just extend the middle class Trump tax cuts. Like there is a popular version. I mean, it would still be unpopular because of the cuts, but there is a less egregious version of this on the politics and on the merits. But they just will not entertain it. They, they will not change the, the truth of the talking point that they are going to give a trillion dollars in tax cuts just to the top 1% of people in this country. People who make over a million dollars, a trillion dollars goes to them while they kick over 10 million people off their health insurance.


That's Fucking nuts. The CBO says by 2034, it could kick between 9.7 and 14.4 million people off of their healthcare. Yeah. So that's pretty terrible. And also this bill, like these guys, when they get a tax bill in front of them, they just can't help larding it up with whatever special interest bullshit came before them. Right? So only 10% of tax filers actually itemized their deductions, but they're loading this thing up with new deductions, including a billion dollar tax break for gun silencers. Very important. Wow. There's up to $10,000 deduction for car loan interest payments available to people who buy cars, vans, campers, RVs, ATVs and motorcycles. And then there's Trying get ATVs in there. This is a, This was a Trump campaign promise I Remember. And then there's a multinational corporations could get an $800 million tax cut on income in the Virgin Islands.


So lots of good stuff in here for everybody. Well, if you wanna help put pressure on those Republicans with tough races in 26, who will be voting on the bill, sign up for Vote Save America. You can go to the website. We have plenty of opportunities for people to get involved. Very important.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Biotics pre-Cool. Let's face it, after a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Gotta make a choice. Either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-Cool Z Biotics. Pre-cool probiotic is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientist to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's a buildup of this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for rough days after drinking pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I love biotics. John Lovett loves biotics. Huge Fan. You just take it right before you start throwing 'em back and you have a nicer day the next day. Great. Took one The other night before. This guy next to me made me a pretty stiff martini. You know, I don't know what went wrong on those martinis. I noticed. I, I really, and I was, I, and you know, I was like, And you know, I like to drink. I Know. And I and, and after and and our, and I was like, these weren't good. And I don't know what happened. I think I got cocky. I tried to make too many at once and the ice melted. It's okay. I needed More ice. I appreciate your hosting. Yeah. Anyway, I felt great the next day because of biotics. 'cause I remembered to take it before I left the house. Summer's almost here, which means more opportunities to celebrate the warm weather before that. Backyard, barbecue brew glass of Pinot watching the sunset at the beach, or cocktail by the campfire. Don't forget your biotics pre alcohol drink, drink one before drinking and wake up feeling great and ready to take on the next day. And all that summer has to offer. Go to z biotics.com/cricut to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked checkout, z biotics is back with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to biotics.com/cricut and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off.


All right, quick update on Trump's war, on the constitution and due process on Friday, the Supreme Court extended its hold on, the administration's use of the Alien Enemies Act to deport people without them being able to challenge their removal. Only Thomas and Alito dissented on process grounds, but the decision affirmed that even undocumented immigrants have due process rights. And one of those rights is being given sufficient warning. Here's a key quote from the ruling quote. Notice roughly 24 hours before removal devoid of information about how to exercise due process rights to contest that removal surely does not pass muster. Trump responded with a true social post in all caps saying the Supreme Court won't allow us to get criminals out of our country.


He also reposted a suggestion from one of his advisors, Mike Davis, saying that the Supreme Court's ruling is quote illegal and that the president should quote house these foreign terrorists near the Chevy Chase Country Club with daytime release that is a country club in Maryland where both John Roberts and Brett Kavanaugh belong. So the court no bad Brainstorm, The court isn't stopping Trump from deporting criminals or deporting any non-citizens so long as the administration follows the law and provides due process. Why do you think the Trump and Stephen Miller and Mike Davis and the rest of the goons just continue to lie about that? So the Cato Institute, mm, it's not a, not a bunch of squishy libs over there, pretty conservative organization.


They published a review of the 240 or so of Venezuelans the US sent to prison in El Salvador. They found 50 of them came to the US legally never violated any immigration law, but were sent there anyway. And I think that speaks to the reality of the MAGA immigration project, which is to get rid of legal immigrants. People welcomed here as refugees, people seeking asylum. People granted TPS because it's not about gangs, it's not about bad apples, it's not about people who broke the law. The policy is that white people from South Africa can come and be refugees and everyone else has to go home. And all of this rhetoric is an extension of that. Yeah. It's the fact that like they could pursue under what the court has already said, but every district and circuit court has already said a plan of mass deportations.


They wanna force this specific issue. They want, they, they, Steve Bannon has been talking about this. All these guys are talking about, they wanna force the constitutional crisis. They want an opportunity to violate a supreme court order. I, who knows, but it seems to me to be in service of some kind of a round of deportations that allows them to grab tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people without them ever seeing a judge, without them ever having to deal with the ramifications of it. That I, I don't, I i I don't know how else you can make sense of it other than to think that that's where they want to take us. Yeah, there was, there were a lot of calls again for what Steven Miller suggested last week, two weeks ago, I can't remember suspending habeas corpus.


Mike Davis was tweeting about this because he was on the war room with Steve Bannon and they were both talking about specifically they should do it, the administration's gotta do right at the end of June when the Supreme Court justices after they go home for a couple months and let's, You know, let's just spend Habe Corpus in this country. Did you guys see that la time story that had more details about the people who are gonna get sent to Libya? So there was a, there was a Vietnamese construction worker Oh yeah. Who has lived in LA for decades with his wife and teenage daughter. I think he had, You know, years and years and years ago, some criminal conviction on his record. Same thing. There was another, there was, there was another Filipino who was told he was gonna go back to the Philippines and be deported there.


He was in detention as well. And these people were, so the, the, the construction worker, he showed up at his immigration check-in as he regularly does because he wants to follow the, the rules and the laws that are here. And he goes there, they detain him, they send him to Texas, and then they tell him, wake up, you're gonna go to Libya. And he's like, what? The lawyer, the lawyer was like so confused. Even one of the correction officers when the lawyer called was like, that can't be, that's, that can't be Libya. And they were gonna send all of these people, most of 'em, Asian nationals, Cambodia, Philippines, Vietnamese to Libya for, to just rot away in some detention center run by a warlord in Eastern Libya.


Yeah. It's, it's as if they just sit around, they think, what is the cruelest thing we could possibly do? What's the scary, I mean, I think a lot of it is that this is their idea of an deterrent. I was gonna say send people to Libya, but Libya's not a really a, a nation governed by any political entity right now. It's like split in half. There's competing warlords, there's weapons everywhere, there's extremist groups. Like these people would all get killed. Yes. And and so that study that you talked about, Tommy, like those people came here via a port of entry, which you're supposed to do when you claim asylum. You come, you see the officers say, I'm here to claim asylum. Or they had an appointment or they already had refugee status. In some cases they were already approved to be refugees or somewhat one of them at least was here on a tourist visa.


Right. The, these are the people that got sent to Sea cot. The, the, the people showing up for their appointments and then being grabbed, being ruled so dangerous they can't be let out again. Even though they were free and in between appointments, they'd already had, they'd already touched the federal government and then not just being deported but sent to a foreign jail of some kind or prison or detention facility. That the, I think it's an, I think the Supreme Court acknowledges that that and the fact that they're being sent to foreign prisons from which the government by its own admission has no ability to kind of seek any recourse, raises the stakes even further. Donald Trump is claiming that he has secured the border that the border is now we have locked it up. Joe Biden left it open.


I've locked it up. And there we're under the threat of, And he is right about that by the way. Yeah. Like there's zero border crossings happening basically. And we are in the middle of an invasion despite the fact that the border is closed. Right. And there are people that are so dangerous that even though we have been, even though we know who they are and they are free in our country, once they come and talk to us, we will grab them and ship them off to a foreign prison without recourse. Even though they no longer have the ability to get back in the country because the border is closed. If we deport them, it's in one of these cases that, that we deport people and then the court rules, they need to be brought back and they can fly back. You can go and buy a plane ticket and you can fly back, or the government can, can fly you back.


The, the, the like idea that these, that these people that may have been here undocumented or may have been seeking some kind of refugee or asylum status are then not just being deported. Not just being deported to a country that is not their own, but being deported to some kind of a foreign prison for a sentence without end. That is what the, they, they just skip right over that. Oh, the, all these right wingers, all these Trump goons, they're all like, oh, they, we can't have a country anymore. 'cause the court is stopping us from enforcing our immigration laws. Nobody's stopping them from enforcing our immigration laws. Nobody. They have created something so heinous that every court is forcing them to stop and then claiming that is preventing them from doing anything beneath that legally to address what they view as an undocumented immigration crisis.


The, these prisons, by the way, like the people are tortured, beaten, sexually assaulted. It's like, it's horrific. Also, remember that we're also, apparently the Trump administration's plan is to send 1 million Palestinians in Gaza to Libya. Right? Oh, we relocate like the entire Gaza strip. So someone, I saw a report that, that in terms of like population proportion, that would be like relocating 40 or 45 million people to the United States. Like it's completely unworkable. There's no no infrastructure, there's no way to take care of that number of people. But this is a serious plan that's being considered. Now, it's been rejected by, there's two, there's like a western government in Tripoli and then there's an eastern government run by this warlord.


They're both like, no, this is crazy. We're rejecting this idea. But the Israelis seem down to do it. You know, all the people that they're, they're sending to these prisons from here. You know, they, the, the, the right wing is like, well, but they're all terrorists or gang members. It's like it says, you says the Trump administration without ever proving it in a court of law. They do not offer any evidence. They do not go see a judge. They don't do any of these things. They just say, we say that they're terrorists. We say that they're gang members. And of course there are some gang members, there are some criminals, there are some violent people that they are deporting in this country. And they use those deportations and those stories to say like, well that means it's everyone. And, and of course it's not.


And they've just been caught in so many fucking lies. Like the spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security, a job that in many cases would be one where in a serious crisis would need to tell you information about what is happening is a fucking liar. Yeah. She just lies all the time from that podium. She, we've been caught over and over again. They've lied about Andrea Hernandez Romero. They have lied about all these people. So you can't take them. Forget, forget not proving it. They are lying about it. They don't care about the truth. Yeah. The Supreme Court did rule in Trump's favor on another immigration issue. Monday. The administration can proceed for now with revoking temporary protected status TPS for Venezuelans here legally putting nearly 350,000 more migrants at risk of deportation only Keji Brown Jackson dissented on that one.


But the administration's rationale for invoking the Alien Enemies act to quickly remove Venezuelans, who the government says belonged to the trend. Deua gang is really falling apart. Last week, Tulsi Gabbard fired the two members of the National Intelligence Council who wrote a report that concluded the government of Venezuela is not directing the activities of trend deua, meaning it's not an invasion, meaning Trump can't invoke the Alien Enemies Act. The New York Times reported that after the report was leaked, one oft GA's top AIDS asked the National Intelligence Council to quote, rethink its analysis and issue a new assessment. But their assessment didn't change. So Gabbard fired the two top members of the National Intelligence Council with the stated reason being that she's trying to end the quote weaponization and politicization of the intelligence community.


That's where she nailed that one. That Sounds, that's an interesting way to stop weaponization, huh? Yeah. And This is some of those brazen politicization interference in the intelligence community since the Iraq war. I remember the rock was Dick Chaney and his goons cherry picking intelligence that fit the narrative they wanted to sell about Iraq, having WMD or whatever. And that meant elevating intelligence that we believe with low confidence and presenting it as dispositive while downplaying dissenting opinions. This is her, this is her. Having a person be like, Hey, I know you said you think this, but what if you thought that? And when they disagreed, they fired them Like that is, I don't know that it, it's like a new level of shocking. And also Laura Luer was behind this one. Laura Luer tweeted on April 20th, the NIC senior officials should be fired.


And then it happened. Remember Laura Loomer's this right wing freak who changed herself to the Twitter offices in New York City and, and I was wearing a star of David because she said she was being persecuted like the Jews during the Holocaust. I just, United States is not currently under invasion by Venezuela. I just think that's a kind of, the words have meaning like I, the trend deua. I don't think, I think any, if we have gang members that are committing violent and terrible crimes in our country and are here illegally, they should be arrested and deported of course. But the word invasion has meaning we're not being invaded, America's we're not being invaded. Like, I mean, you could dancing on the head of a pin here, like, well technically if we can prove that someone in the Venezuelan government is in contact with someone from trend rego, then we can call it an invasion.


It's ridiculous. The Supreme Court hasn't yet ruled on the, whether it's appropriate, whether it's lawful for Trump to invoke alien enemies. They keep pushing that off in the latest ruling. They basically kicked it back to the Fifth Circuit to tell 'em to rule, and then it will, it will come back to the Supreme Court at some point. This tulsi stuff, the intelligence insane, this is, if their case wasn't, wasn't great before the administration's case on Alien Enemy Act, but this is gonna really fuck it. But also, like in the near term, this means it justifies the deportations of these Venezuelan migraines. What if Trump decides, You know what? We gotta take the fight to Maduro this invasion. We gotta cut it off. You know, we at the head and, and invade them, right?


Because remember in the first Trump term, John Bolton famously went to the press briefing groom with like a little note that was visible on his folder that said 5,000 US troops to Columbia, where he was, You know, trying to like beat the drum of war with the Venezuelans. Like Marco Rubio is very much on board with this sort of hard line, anti Maduro, anti Venezuela worldview. I don't know, like, like it just, this is, it could get so much worse than this. And it's setting a precedent that no one in Congress seems to care about on the Republican side. Also, it, it may be lawful, at least that's what the Supreme Court ruled, that Trump can revoke temporary protected status for 350,000 Venezuelans.


But it is an horrific policy. And imagine those, imagine if you're in this country legally, and you've been settling here because you were granted protected status and you have legal status and you're Venezuelan and you wake up today and you realize like, now I could be, and it's not just deported back to Venezuela, which would be bad enough. Who knows what these people will do with you. Who knows if you get to sent to Sea Cod or you get sent to fucking Libya or wherever else You have a, you had a DUI and suddenly you're in a, in a detention facility without, and I, it's a revoking like, I mean, it is bad enough just from a human standpoint to revoke the status from people that are desperately fleeing political instability and violence. Revoking the status from Afghan refugees who were allies, who by many accounts would be basically facing death if they go back to Afghanistan.


Revoking the status of those people who like worked with special forces, who worked with American troops, who risked their lives and, and, and, and helped our, our military. You're gonna send them back while bringing in a bunch of fucking white South African refugees to kind of stoke the erogenous zone of your right wing racist base is disgusting. And, and as The's government policy in Venezuela is like just to destroy their economy with as many sanctions as we can possibly layer on. So we're sending people back. There's no life you can build from yourself in Venezuela if you're trying to get a job. If you're an asylum se, if you're seen as a political dissident, you'll face persecution, violence, or just economic destitution.


This podcast sponsored by Squarespace, Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to elevate your online presence and drive your success. Squarespace provides all the tools you need to promote and get paid for your services in one platform, create a professional website to showcase your offerings and attract clients. Whether you offer consultations, events, or other experiences, Squarespace can help you grow your business. Squarespace offers a complete library of professionally designed and award-winning website templates with options for every use and category. No matter where you start. Your website is flexible to do what you need with intuitive drag and drop editing, beautiful styling options, unrivaled visual design effects on-brand AI content, and more ways to list what you offer. No experience required. Every dream needs a domain. Squarespace Domains makes it easy to find the best name for your business at one fair, all-inclusive price, no hidden fees or add-ons required. Plus, Squarespace provides everything you need to bring more of your dream to life. Whether that means building a website or adding a professional email service, don't wait to claim your name, invest in your dream domain today. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash crooked.


Speaking of people whose job it is to keep us all safe. FBI, director Cash Patel and Deputy Director Dan Bonino, what a duo sat down on Sunday for a Fox interview where they made clear that they've been compromised by the deep state When asked about the truth behind the Trump assassination attempts and the death of Jeffrey Epstein. Here's what they said In some of these cases, the there you're looking for is not there. And I know people, I get it. I understand it's not there. If it was there, we would've told you. But As someone who has worked as a public defender, as a prosecutor who's been in that prison system, who's been in the Metropolitan Detention Center, who's been in segregated housing, You know, a suicide when you see one, and that's what that was, He killed himself.


You again, you want me to get, I've, I've I've seen the whole file. He killed himself. Who got to them? Maybe they were already, look who better, who got to them? Who better to protect the deep state than two people that had claimed to be outsiders all along. Two people that these, that the conspiracist theorists thought they could trust, who now once finally in their position to do the, do the ultimate coverup. It's, it's incredible work. It's incredible work by the Jews. I thought you were gonna say Hillary Clinton. Yeah. And Hillary Clinton. Yeah. Someone tweeted the other day, why does Cash Patel always look like he just shit his pants? It's really, it's really spot on, isn't It? A little bit strange.


Like I was talking about this with Tim 'cause we did a, a short YouTube thing about this, but they seem to be like acting almost responsible in this conversation. Like it's, it's weird. Well, they're getting attacked. Yeah. Yeah. They Oh yeah. The, the, the MAGA people are very upset with them. But, You know, I, I've had this thought and, and this interview really brought it back up for me, which is there are a lot of just awful, awful people in the cabinet, but I thought that Cash Patel and Dan Bino would be at the very top of the list and there's still plenty of time. I don't want to count my chickens here. Yeah, this is, but they are not, they're not the worst ones. So far It's, it's, I we were, it's so strange.


Like we have no idea what they're pursuing. We have no idea what kind of unholy investigations they're launching, planning to launch what's going on behind the scenes. But the fact that they're, and Maybe they're like, we got the last two years, This is like, we're gonna Go, we're gonna go nuts on the last two Years. We're two hours into an eight hour drive. Exactly. And you're, I can't believe there's no traffic. This is gonna Good point. It's a good disaster, man. Well, yeah, I was just also point out like, like these are clearly the guys who went from being like Rightwing podcasters who would just spew Conspiracist theories in service of building an audience. Like January 6th was an inside job. Cash Patel played Footsie with Q Anon. He did, he was, You know, threatened to prosecute the media for reporting on January 6th. He talked about selling supplements that can detoxify you from the Covid vaccine.


So like every conspiracist theory was, was just an opportunity to grift and, and build an audience. Now they have responsibility. They're getting attacked for not, You know, releasing the Epstein files. And I think clearly they're like flailing a bit, but what is remarkable from that interview is like this is the shit they're spending most of their time on. You can just tell it, they're like managing right wing fever dreams. And you have to wonder what is the opportunity cost here? What is the FBI not doing? What are we, like what like espionage case. Are the Chinese just like fulfilling to their wildest dreams? Yeah. They can't believe their luck. You know, they cannot believe their luck, You know? For sure. The, yeah. I also like the, like I, it's funny, I had the other reaction to this, which is what are they hearing?


What are they seeing that makes them feel so chastened by this role? Like the seriousness of this role that they feel like they need to go out there and basically defend the bureau. Maybe they're just, they're just straight shooters, You know, like you Calling 'em like they see it. I just, I they're, they're awful. I would not have imagined that, like if you had heard that, that Pam Bondi and Christie Nome would be making headlines for doing more evil shit so far in the Trump administration than Dan Bonino and Cash Patel. Like I, I wouldn't have taken that bet. Yeah. I just think the nature of the job, I mean like, when do you hear from the Deputy FPI director normally Never. Like, it's weird that they're doing these interviews in the first place and they're also kinda mopping up shit that Pam Bondy spilled on the ground. 'cause she went out there and gave all these right wing influencers, these folder One binder that Was a, that was supposed to be a surprise for everyone, You know, It's a big surprise.


Very nice. Well, It's, It's like even Marco Rubio has done some some Horrible shit. Horrible compared to these days. The Yeah, the, there is, yeah, it's turtles all the way down with these people. But the, the, so Trump over the weekend just reposted this conspiracist video from 2016, probably The Clinton body Count of the Clinton body count of all the different Hillary Clinton. I dunno if You know dear listeners, a surprise to me as, as it might be to you, one of the most prolific serial killers. Basically just a, just a, a spree for, for, for decades. And I wonder if he posted that it's like the conspiracist theory version of his Medicare EO where he's like, he knows he's about to see, he knew that Dan Manino and Cash Patel were about to say that Epstein killed himself.


So he needed to get out in front of it and put out some fucking fringe conspiracist content about Hillary Clinton because there's just no, there, there, he's doing interviews where he's talking about how I'm putting out the RFK file and putting out the JFK file. I'm putting out the MLK file and putting out the alien file, but there's no, they're there anywhere. None of this is leading to the kind of grand, they're not coming to completion. The the right wing conspiracist theories are not, are not, they're not finishing. And Trump has just kind of been like edging these people for fucking a decade course and, and, and I think he genuinely doesn't know what to do. Right? Yeah. Isn't that right, Tommy? I couldn't said it better myself. He also has siloed communication channels where he is allowed to just chum the water over on tooth social and then be like semi-normal in public.


Yeah, no, I think that's another point too. I mean, I think there's still hope for a Cash Patel in Dan Buno from some of the MAGA base if they're disappointed because they were also asked about January 6th and specifically whether there were undercover FBI agents in the crowd egging people on something that Cash Patel has mused about in the past. He seemed really excited to tell Maria Omo that the bureau is sending documents to Congress right now full of new answers on this. And then Bonino stepped in to kind of throw a little cold water on that, saying that when we do get information, everyone needs to remember the difference between an FBI agent and an FBI source. Just Dan Bonino voice of reason.


Again, deputy Dan kind of Bigfoot in his boss there. Well, it's funny 'cause when Benino was being Yeah, when Benino was, I, I know it was during the hearing or when he was being interviewed about, about whether about like his different role. He talked about how when you're a podcaster, it's one role and you know, I've had other, I've had serious roles in my, and it does like genuinely seem like you've used them as like fundamentally distinct. What a world, well, I mean they, they do have a workforce, right? They have to go wake up the next day and work with a bunch of FBI officials and look them in the eye in meetings and those are Serious fucking guys that like, don't suffer fools that are probably pretty intimidating. Yeah. And You know, you, I think everyone kind of gets captured by the building you work in to some extent.


You go a little bit native in these jobs, and so I, what I think they're setting up is the fact that there were probably people in the crowd on January 6th who had been FBI sources. Yeah. There were, and that right wing conspiracist theory has always been that the FBI sent those people out into the crowd and they told them like, let's go do it. Let's storm the capitol. And they were kind of like fermenting the violent part of the, of the day. And, and the FBI is directly responsible for it in some way. And that's obviously not true and it's never been the case, but they're kind of clearly alluding to that. And what they're trying to tell the audience is be satisfied when what we tell you is that there were FBI sources in the crowd that day and not necessarily undercover Agents.


Yeah. Well there was a, I think there was an IG report and an Inspector General's report in 2024 about this, and I think there were around like 20 sources. FBI sources who were in or in and around the capitol that day, Including like the proud boy leadership. Right. But there was only, but they were, and there were like three or four that the FBI had asked to go there to monitor domestic terrorism. So I am sure that there are going to be things that had been in that report already that will be revealed as like it's suddenly new information and all that kind of shit. It's also so fucking stupid. It's, it's like, it's, it's not far from the trend AUA thing. Like, oh, they're trying to find a connection to trend aua. We haven't been embedded by Venezuela. No report can change that.


Okay. Let's say there was, let's say there was an FBI informant somewhere there on January 6th. If Anbody informant is standing next to you and he is like, Hey, you wanna go rob this fucking bank? You're not like, there's no, you're still robbing a bank. You still have to say no if all your, if all your FBI enforcements were to jump off a bridge, would you do that too? Yes. It's not, it's not, it's not an absolution. I mean, we just, apparently today they decided the Trump administration is gonna give Ashley Babbitt's family $5 million. They're gonna settle that Taxpayer money. That's your money going to, going to the family of someone who tried to break into the capitol and injured police officer. Yeah. I I suspect this will be similar to the Epstein case in that a lot of this information's in the public domain already and they're gonna repackage it. Yeah. Like if you talk to really the, the smart journalists who have really covered Jeffrey Epstein and his various horrific crimes and prosecutions, et cetera, over the decades, they'll tell you like, there's not a little black book waiting to be released by the FBI.


Like a lot of this information has been in the public domain, it's been in court filings, it's been reported out by journalists and people are waiting for a smoking gun that probably does not exist. Trump also spent a good chunk of his weekend. Trump also spent a good chunk of his weekend posting time threatening a variety of public figures. He called Bob Iger and a BC news sleaze bags and gave them a quote, fair warning that quote, they must not say that Qatar is giving me a free plane because it's actually a gift to the defense department that Trump is taking with him when he leaves office. Yeah, it's, it's actually, it's Frankenstein was the doctor. That's what we're talking about here. Then on Monday, the president of CBS news, one of Trump's other targets became the latest to resign from the network as CBS's parent company.


Paramount is moving towards a settlement with Trump. Over 60 minutes editing an interview with Kamala Harris. Trump's also threatening to investigate Kamala's celebrity endorsements. Believe it or not, his claim is that Harris paid millions of dollars to Springsteen, Beyonce, Oprah, bono and others for their endorsements, which he did not. But Trump said he's calling for a quote, major investigation and that the endorsements represent, quote, an illegal election scam at the highest level. This all started last week after Trump posted on the way home from the Middle East, quote. Has anyone noticed that since I said, I hate Taylor Swift, she's no longer hot. Then Jesus.


Then after Bruce Springsteen criticized Trump from the stage during a concert in England, Trump called the boss a quote, dried out prune of a rocker. Springsteen responded the next night with this, but In America, my home, they're persecuting people for their right to free speech and voicing their descent. A majority of our elected representatives have utterly failed to protect the American people from the abuses of an unfit president and a rogue government. The America I've sung to you about for 50 years is real and regardless of its many faults, it's a great country with a great people and we will survive this moment.


Yeah. Verdict still out on that. Just checking, guys, is it illegal to say that Trump got a free plane from Qatar or to run for office with celebrity endorsements? You think those are illegal? Good question. I wish I knew that before we did the Cash Patel segment. I, it's the, it's Trump is doing, he's trying to intimidate people because if a, b, C was willing to settle with Donald Trump over what George Stephanopoulos said, which was completely and eminently defensible, he thinks he can threaten people into not referring to this as a gift. Donald Trump, because it's technically gift to his library, a library at this point, which would, I think would be a plane. I don't know what else exists. Not any books that for sure. Are they gonna put the books in the plane?


Flying's a flying library. It's gonna be all lot of document retention over there. Either the location's gonna be wherever Trump is. It's also interesting that he's back to threatening a, B, C, because, You know, he does these deals with the law firms and then he starts kind of demanding that the law firms represent his kind of skeezy friends. He does this deal with Columbia, then he tries to put Columbia under receivership. He's now back to threatening Disney, even though he did this sort of filthy deal with Disney. But at the same time, when he was in Abu Dhabi, he was talking about a great meeting he had with Bob Iger, where Bob Iger showed him the plans for Disney Emirates. I dunno what they're gonna call it.


So it seems to be like a carrot and stick thing with Disney. I like that. He says Taylor Swift is no longer hot after she just wrapped up a $2 billion tour and had people turning into the Super Bowl to see her. That doesn't seem like it tracks. He, He really is just the most just casual news consumer. Whatever's just, I haven't heard much about Taylor Swift lately. Everyone must not like her. I mean, it's just, You know, it's like whatever pops into his mind. He's, he just, he wraps up this whole, this whole trip in the Middle East. He's on the plane home. This is what he's, this is what he's posting in the morning, and then he is like, po He's like, I'm gonna investigate. Why is he, who cares? Why is he investigating Kyle Harris? You, you beat her s he won. You beat her. What was St. Worth? Not Enough.


Not Enough. The, The, yeah, he, he turns on the television in Palm Beach and he sees a, he sees a, he sees Clean Eastwood, an escape from Alcatraz. Next thing we know we're sending federal officials back to Alcatraz to kinda reopen that bad boy. He is just, he's just, he's just riffing. He's just having a good time. He's just Riff.


Okay. Before we go, just a few quick things. Mark your calendars on June 6th. Love it. And the bulwarks, Tim Miller and Sarah Longwell are hosting a big gay live show and fundraiser at the Lincoln Theater in dc. Love it. You guys tell us a little bit about the fundraiser. It's at World Pride. We'll be at the Lincoln Theater. We're raising money for the Immigrant Defenders Law Center, which represents Andrea Hernandez Romero, who we talked about, and a bunch of the other people being held in El Salvador. All the proceeds will go to that organization. It's a serious cause. But it's gonna be a very fun show. It'll be me, it'll be Tim, it'll be Sarah. You know, it'll, it'll be a real test for her to see. How many words can a lesbian get an edgewise? That's sort of the theme of the show Drink every time Sarah gets to finish a sentence, but it's gonna be really fun. We're, we're lining up some great guests. If Tim and I can share a stage and if a lesbian can share a stage with us, You know, what can't we do? You know, what can't we do together? And it's Moving. You know that, You know that Tommy and Dan and I and j and and JVL are gonna do counter programming. Oh, really? You're gonna do a straight, straight pride. We're doing straight. It's a straight Friday. That's great. We're gonna, it gonna be us. We're gonna have some, some of the africaners on oh s Well, that sounds Like a really fun, really fun event. We're, we're doing a, we're doing an immigrant event too, Outside of a, outside of a PGA A event. Yeah. That's Great. It's rounding up some straits. That's, that's gonna be a really nice Time. Anyway. crook.com/events. That's the tickets, right? Yeah. Get some tickets, everyone go get some tickets. I want, I, I think I wanna fly across the country just to go.


Also, the Cricket store has a bunch of great new merch, including new designs for our classic friend of the pod tea. This is part of a big upgrade at the Crooked Store. Ooh, all Crooked Merchs now made from higher quality, more durable materials with updated fits and more sustainable manufacturing practices. The site got an upgrade too. See the new site and grab a new friend of the pod t at the same old url. crooked.com/store.


That's our show for today. Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday.


If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund, Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Tolls.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the writer Guild of America East.