
Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion Terms and conditions apply.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's Great Smoky Mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it. ISS creating fog and that makes the Smokies Smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com. Tennessee Sounds. perfect.


Welcome To Pod. Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm m Jon Lovett. Tommy Detour. Joining us in studio today is a man of many firsts. The first ever second gentleman, the first Jewish spouse of a US vice president, and the first person to be without a phone at the West Hollywood SoulCycle when his wife called to say she just became the likely Democratic nominee for president. Doug Moff is here. Hey Doug, welcome to the pod. Good to see you all. Doug. Doug. Doug. Doug. And welcome back home to Los Angeles. Where's your science? It's great to be home. It's great to be here. So, 45 days ago, your life was still normal enough for you to be getting coffee with your LA friends at SoulCycle. You now have 61 days to help your wife defeat Donald Trump and make history as the next president of the United States.


What has it felt like to get shot out of a cannon like this and like how have your lives changed? How much have your lives Changed? Yeah, so it's so interesting to be right back in LA in Hollywood. I was at West, the West Hollywood SoulCycle. so I used To go To all the time the nine 30 Soul Survivor class. Okay. so I did 60 minutes. That's a lot. At my advanced age, And I was with my, my friends. So we, we walked out and you know, people were coming by saying hi. I was like, you know, we're gonna be fine. Don't worry. Everything's good. And we're just, I've known these, I'd known them a long time. And then, I dunno, 20, 30 minutes in my friend's partner just shows me the phone. And at first I thought it was fake then I don't believe it.


Then being a good lawyer, I always read the last line first. And that, if you recall, was something like, I will address the nation later this week thinking, oh, he is coming back from Covid. Mm. And so he said, read above that. And then, you know, you see this whole crew I have. I said, let's go. We gotta go. And we're running. And if you know that SoulCycle, it's not like the car's two feet away, it's no several hundred yards. So I'm running, running, jumping over Gate guys left and right. Get in the car, Glitter and things dodging. Yeah, no, it's, and then to go from that, the phone, like I've said, it's like literally Steam is coming out of it and it's some variation of Call Kamala. Call Kamala. And it wasn't just her calling, it was every family member, including my kids and my parents.


It's like, where are you? And then I finally talked to her and she said, where the f were you? I need you. It's a tough one. And it was a very short conversation. And then it really has been like getting shot out of a cannon because the next day I was in Wilmington addressing the, the Now Harris campaign. And it was so surreal too, because the president called in. So just as I was about to go up on stage, And I had barely seen her and had been 72 hours since I had seen her, since this all happened. And I just about to walk out there and then she hear Joe's voice and we all, it just, it just hit so hard.


Yeah. And then I went out and introduced her and then it's just been nonstop. It has literally been nonstop. I've barely seen her. I've been back and forth across the country several times. I've been to Paris for the Olympics. Oh yeah. In the middle of all this and the convention in the middle of all this, including the speech. And that feels like a dis in the memory. 'cause two weeks later I've literally been crisscrossing the country still. So that's how it's been very little time to reflect. And there's not a lot of like happy couple chit chat with us. It's not like, Hey, this is pretty amazing. She's like, get back to work. He's like, you can't even say anything to her.


'cause she's so focused that it's just, yeah, I'm not gonna pay attention to that. Just get, get back out on the road. One thing that's interesting because you, you talked about this that basically because you had been at SoulCycle and then getting some food after like this, this, this ship was sailing, was there any conversation like, Hey, are we doing this? Like, was there any kind of like, shit, hey, do you wanna run for president? Was there, it was just, it was happening. By the time I talked to her, she had already been on the phone with the president and had already been working the phones to, to nail down the, the nomination. So it Was our, it was minute 45 of sole Survivor that it happened. Yeah. I guess I lost, I guess because I didn't answer the phone the first time I lost any right of Negotiation.


'cause you're on your way. You're, you have some stake in this. You're gonna be first gentleman. Do you think they should put a little plaque on that seat? Oh. And said, this is where Doug's butt was when Joe Biden stepped aside. So apparently it's a thing like I, I guess some reporters have shown up there to try. That's so funny. Check out the class and like, ooh, this was the SoulCycle class he was in. But I've been, that was, you know, my normal routine when I'm here. Not Enough arms. I know it's a problem, you know, It's a problem. It's like two pair, 45 minutes in, it's like, here's some free weights. It feels like an afterthought. And they should talk and they should talk about it, You know? Yeah. I mean also like, just having worked on campaigns, presidential campaigns, I mean, usually it's like a, it's a two year process and the number of things that you and the vice president are having to do in less than a hundred days is unbelievable.


I mean, we were joking before we started recording that we had gotten podium passes from a friend at the convention to go up to the very front to watch Michelle Obama and Barack Obama speak, which meant When, you were coming off stage for your speech. We were literally standing there and almost accidentally greeted you in this like, incredible moment. Luckily you did not remember until I reminded you, but it's just another thing you had to do right away Was get the speech done right away. Yeah. And that, that speech, because when we were still on the VP side, you know, as second gentleman, I think I was gonna speak, but I'm sure it would've been somewhere, may maybe couple a couple minutes in earlier.


And so then when, when she, she got on the, the top of the ticket, they said, okay, you're gonna have a, a bigger speech. We're not sure when And I just assumed I'd be introducing her foolishly on Thursday. And then they said we're, we're, we're moving it around. Then I found out pretty close on that you're going Tuesday and you're prime time And I said, oh, okay. Who am I speaking with? The Obamas, you mean Barack and Michelle Obama? Yeah. You're gonna go and then that's like our prime time package. You and, and the Obamas. I said, okay, I need to work on this speech. I need, they're, Because they're very good speakers famously, As it turns out they are.


Well, in addition to your wife's speech, which got rave reviews, almost everyone we talked to in all the reports we saw, people mentioned three speeches, which is the Obama's speeches and yours. That was obviously the probably the biggest audience you've ever spoken to. How, how did the, how did you want the speech to go? Did you practice? Were you nervous about addressing a big audience like that? I knew I needed to be able to talk about her and a little bit about myself too, because I, even though a second gentleman married to the vice president, I'm out there a lot. It's not like, and people know me, but it's not the same. Yeah. And so it, the part of it was, you know, who am I?


Just a little intro on myself and and who is she? The Kamala Harris that I know that I wanted everyone else to know that those of us in her family know. And then When, you see the caricatures of her and the parody and the like, you know her a little bit. That's just not her. And so for all of us, there's just been this, it's just been not amusement. It's just like, that's just, it's not you. And so I think part of what I wanted to do is just show the world, the, the woman I married, the woman I love, the woman who was there for me at a, you know, a rough time in my life who was able to come in and, and be mala to the kids and be now really great friends with my ex-wife and, and integrate with her family.


And so I just wanted everyone to see what we get to see each and every day. But I also wanted to talk about her as a badass. Like she's the joyful warrior. So that kind of part about her was the joyful part. Let's end with the badass warrior. The the person. I also see, the person that I was fearful of when she was Attorney General. And I was representing business clients. And then I'm like, oh, I wonder what she's gonna be like on a date. She was great. And so to show that side, the, the woman who grilled those, those folks in the judiciary com committee, the woman who's on the world stage, the woman that we see, 'cause we're in the office of vice president.


So we also get to see her at work each and every day as vice president, oval office situation, room, doing all the stuff that we see. And then she just stepped up because we talk about how surreal it was that I wasn't there, but was also that she just stepped up when we needed somebody to step up this country needed a leader to step into the void, step into the breach. And she did that. And so to, to say that to the whole world on that stage, that was what I wanted to cross. It was, I, I don't get nervous, really. I mean, I, I, I'm a was a trial lawyer here in Hollywood.


so I, you know, you, you can't, no, no one wants to hire a shaky lawyer. So you always learn to be really calm in highly stressful situations. You gotta be prepared. So a lot of the skills that I've already brought to the table as a lawyer here really help. But nothing prepares you for that. Nothing. And, and so you walk out there and you see the dug signs and you, it's like the, the noise and the intensity. I'm looking up, I, my parents are up there and my son had directed the video, beautiful video. It was amazing. He introduced me. And so I'm a little, I was a little shaky 'cause I had all this plan, you know, that Mike Tyson, you always have a plan until you get hit in the face.


so I almost felt like, okay, you better regroup, take a breath, And I. If you see that tape of it, I just, and then reset and then I just, just went for it. That's Awesome. Beta blocker. What are, what are those things called? Yeah, beta blocker. You can take a beta beta, maybe The speech went well. Have you thought about a debate maybe challenging Melania to a debate? We can just, we, we can table that idea If you prefer not to All. right. I'm gonna ruin the vibes here. So on on Tuesday night, you attended a vigil. Yeah. For Israeli hostages being held in Gaza. And so, you know, the last 11 months I think have been unimaginable for those hostages, their families.


The news over the weekend at six hostages had been executed and found just days after that execution. It's just, you know, it's unbearable. One of the people killed was an Israeli American named Hirsch Goldberg, Poland. I know you spent a lot of time with his family. And so I just, I wanted to ask you about your impressions from that vigil, but also about a disconnect I feel in the conversation about Gaza in the US versus in Israel. In Israel, it feels like people are clear-eyed that Hamas is responsible for October 7th. They're responsible for the execution of these hostages. They're an evil terrorist organization. Everyone is clear-eyed about that. But there are many people in the streets also blaming Bibi Netanyahu for his failure to get to yes, on a ceasefire and hostage release deal.


But in, in the us in the US coverage, in the US political debate, including statements out of the Biden administration, I feel like it's far less direct about the frustration with Netanyahu than what you hear in Israel. And so I was just wondering if you agree with that observation, if it's something you've seen. And if you think, you know, the, the, the missing piece to get to yes on that hostage release deal is maybe more pressure on Netanyahu's government. Well, let me, let me start with the first part about, you know, what it was like to, to be there last night at Addison dc and remember the parents, John and Rachel spoke at the DNCI think just two weeks ago, did A beautiful Job too.


And they were just, the strength. And what I talked about last night about them was in that speech, you know, they were almost just reminding the vast majority of people, you know, what had happened on October 7th that Hamas was responsible, that women and babies and grandmas and and young people at a music festival were murdered, tortured, raped. And there's people who don't know that. And actually there's people even worse that don't believe it. So the fact that even though their son at that time was, had been in captivity for many, many months, they used that time to educate the public and to educate about the, the plight of not only their son, but of others.


And to talk to them over the weekend when their son had been executed, just shot with five other people, you know, execution style in cold blood when they were, you know, almost about to be rescued, just unbearable. But on that phone call, again, we had met them. I, I saw them at the convention. Kamala had met them several times. And then to just their strength, their grace, their compassion, and their empathy towards us. The, the fact that they were concerned about how we were doing when we couldn't even find the words to talk to them about how sorry we were so I mean.


I'm just so on the human element. That's what last night was about. It was a vigil for those victims. It was families of, of survivors, families of those killed there. And it was a way for the community to just come together. And I'm a part of the community. so I, I really approached that as a Jew, as a congregant, as a mourner, someone to pray with them and to just really express how I feel. And, and in terms of the politics of that, I mean, I'm not going to address it. I mean, that's not for me to do. I know she's working on this night and day as is the president.


I know there has to be a deal, there needs to be consequence for Hamas and there needs to be, and the leaders and you, you've seen that. And there needs to be a peace. And that's what they're working towards. And so that, that, that's what the administration is doing.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix Lovett. We were both, were in hotels for forever, most of a week last week. And boy was it nice to get back. Great. To get back to my Helix mattress. Mattress to the Helix mattress, the most comfortable mattress you will ever sleep on. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus for big and tall sleepers and the Helix kids for growing bodies, which is endorsed by child sleep experts. Everyone is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix offers models designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. Plus they have enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating. Every Helix mattress is a hybrid design combining individual rap steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress ship straight to your door, free of charge. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. And that's why they offer a 100 night trial in a 10 to 15 year warranty. God, are we lucky to live in this era of sleep technology? you know what I mean? Yeah. We got mattresses that cool you off mattresses for people that sleep on their stomach before, like we just, you know, Mosser straw. Yeah. Pick your stuff. Some stuff, some burla with what you found. And I gotta say we have a Helix at my house. It's in our guest room. Every single person that sleeps on that mattress says, I love that bed. I I could, I could stay in bed all day. And that thing get so comfortable. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners, head to Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix, better sleep starts now.


Positive America is brought to you by Americans United for separation of church and state clean water, fresh air, our health, electricity, we tend to take for granted the things that matter most like the separation of church and state. For more than 75 years, Americans United has been on the front lies defending your freedom to live and believe as you choose so long as you don't harm others. But that right is not a given. Every day, it seems like Christian nationalists are hatching new plots to force us all to live by their narrow beliefs. Yeah. It's called Project 2025. This is, this is heavily featured in there, backed by a billion dollar shadow network. This vocal minority is pushing their anti-democratic agenda everywhere. But here's the thing, you can make a difference. Join Americans United for Separation of Church and State in our growing movement. 'cause church state separation protects everyone learn more and get involved at au.org/crooked. That's au.org/crooked.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like how Did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or What Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


There was this moment during President Biden's last day of the union. It's where you're up in the stands and the vice president is standing behind Joe Biden and you're kind of trying to get her attention and you finally get her attention. And there's this incredible look between the two of you. I loved it. It's really moving. It was, it seemed to just as somebody just watching from the outside, just two people who genuinely love each other and people really took to it. The last man to almost become first gentleman was a former president with a not insubstantial ego of his own. You are seeking not just a supportive role, but a role that is both official and unpaid because it's gendered because it is based on the presumption that the president is a man and his spouse is a woman.


How do you think about that? How does, how do you think about addressing that? Well, I'll take your question in parts. I think the first part, yes, I love my wife very much And softball Hardball questions today and, and you know, but this is part of the, that there's, everyone's watching everything. So you're almost, I'm sitting there, I'm up there. It's like, wow, there's my wife, you know, sitting behind the president, the state of the Union, and each state of the union, there's been something where I've like waved and blew a kiss and it's always on camera. So you, you, those moments are, but that's us. I mean, we're, you're still trying to be a normal couple amongst all this stuff.


Bill Clinton, he, I, I've developed a a a pretty good relationship with him. He's been really been there for me. And, and for the Kamala as just as someone who's been through all this, someone who is just so smart and, and still follows everything so, so well. And we did an event after the convention right after, and he introduced me at an event. I'm thinking, I just spoke with the Obamas and now Bill Clinton's introducing me, and here I'm this entertainment lawyer from right here where we're sitting just so surreal. But he said, and here's the man who's trying to get the job that I tried to get for 20 years.


Doug Emh Hof, the next first gentleman. So I've, I've thought a lot about your actual question, how to, how to approach just being second gentleman as the first man ever to do this role. And someone who loved my career very much. I was very good at it, very successful, said humbly with modesty, but it's true and I miss it. But to, to take a step back so my wife can become vice president was something I, I gladly did. I did it without bitterness, without anger. And then with her, you know, her goading was, what are you gonna make of this role?


You know, try to find something in this role that you can move the needle on. And those were, one was really being the first guy doing this. Let's talk about gender issues. so I talked a lot about gender equity, pay equity, family leave, childcare. Then of course when Dobbs hit, I spent two years talking to men about why the Dobbs issue and reproductive freedom and this crisis that Dobbs has caused is, is an issue for all of us, not just for women. And then being the first Jew, it's first Jewish principle ever. There's a lot of antisemitism, there's a lot of hate.


Lean into that. And so that's how I approached it and that's how I'll continue to approach it. If we are so fortunate to win the election, which we have to win, I'm gonna approach it the same way. Where can I be most useful to her as her husband, support her, love her as always, and but be there for her. But also how can I help her as president, help the administration, help the American people being the first and what issues can I really drive? But also, there's a lot of traditions that are really cool. I've tried to uphold those as second gentlemen. Fun fact, as second gentleman, I am the president of the Senate Spouses 'cause she's the president of the Senate. Ah, And I was a former senate spouse.


And so, you know, there's a, there's some lunches, there's an event at the Vice President's residence. so I just made sure that I participated in those traditional events. And as first gentlemen, there's certain traditions that I fully expect that I will faithfully uphold. So I, I'm a gay person and I'm and And I. Notice that at, if you go to a fancy hotel, there's a presumption that there's gonna be a man and a woman in that room because you'll, there'll be things that are meant for men and things that are meant for, for a woman. When you're at the observatory, when you're in any of these events, have you ever gone into a space and you're like, oh, no one ever thought a man would be here before Day one. Because there's actually a org chart for everything in the government, including the office of the vice president.


And the first org chart that was presented to us said something like, you know, vice president on the top, and then there's a line to it, said Second Lady, they crossed it out and just said, second spouse. And then under that it said, family Life, And I said, okay, she, she said something like, yeah, we're doing that together. And, and so the implication was that I would be in charge of family life. Family life, family life and whatever else that entailed. So we just played through it. And you know, again, as second gentleman, I spent most of my time, first year vaccinations, getting the economy going again, supporting the American Rescue plan.


And throughout, I spent most of the time helping her and helping the administration. And that's how I would approach being first gentleman, how whatever the flow chart there is, because it's, it's, it helps her. I mean, I'm there to, to support her. And also look, this is a two-way street. It's not a one-sided deal. I mean, when I was practicing lawyer, I mean we supported each other's careers. And I mean she knew this was gonna be difficult for me to step away even though again, I did it gladly. So she has really enabled me through her support to lean into issues like antisemitism, lean into these other issues and, and be able to, to go out there and do a lot of really amazing things as second gentleman.


And that's what I expect to do, whatever. Yeah. The, the chart says It's, it's been pointed out that you and, and Tim Walls are presenting a very different, healthier version of masculinity in this campaign than Trump and JD Vance, who are obviously selling a very different version that appeals to their base voters, but also the voters who haven't decided yet in this election are more likely to be younger, more moderate men. The New York Times just ran a piece about how quote the Trump campaign has been aggressively courting what might be called the bro vote. The frat boy flank a slice of 18 to 29 year olds that has long been regarded as unreliable and unreachable, but that Republicans believe may just swing the election this year.


How do you think about in the campaign, what it will take to motivate that group of young men to vote for Kamala Harris? I know you know your son Cole is 29, so he's in that demographic as well. We have him. Yeah, you got, well He did a video, I hope, I hope he's gonna vote. Put that in the wind column. I'm actually gonna go do my Fantasy Football draft with him right after this. So We, we'll come, we're gonna come back. I wanna ask you about We're come back, we're gonna, yeah. So great. You know, great question. It's something we've, I've thought a lot about, not just because of the election. I've just thought a lot about this, this state of, of where we are as as men and how I can, how I can talk about it, And, I. What I've learned, I think through trial and error is just to talk about me and what I do and, and how I feel and how I felt even as a young man.


So when I was married to Kirsten, we both had big careers and supported each other, supported her. And so for me it was just kind of where my mindset was growing up is that I'm gonna be somebody who is supportive of, of my partner and their career and other women. I came up through law firms and you know, you can see we, we started around, you know, 50 50 men and women in the law firm. And by the time I left through four years ago, the equity senior equity partner ranks where I was, was, you know, very low percentage of women. And it's just not right. It's not fair.


And so that's again why I tried to use the second gentleman perch to just talk about just fairness. Like what's fair, what's not. And sports, using women's sports as a way to talk about pay equity training, equity, travel equity, media rights, equity, and all the things we're now seeing are starting to, to get better. And that's a good thing. And that means there's more men watching women's sports and more people watching women's sports and we're happier for it. So there's lots of ways to do it, lots of ways to reach them. But I've learned that you can't be a scold, you can't, you know, lecture, you just try to show by example.


And one, one great story is on the, in this postops there's a group literally called a group called Men's Men for Choice. And it's primarily men in college and just outta college, maybe up until their late twenties, early thirties. And so they understand that it's one, it's the right thing to do. It's not fair if women are being treated, literally being treated as less than, but also it impacts so many other rights. And you saw what Thomas said in the concurring opinion of Dobbs. Anything based on this Griswold right of privacy, which Roe v Wade was, is at risk. Gay marriage, contraception, you know, literally the right to do what you want in your bedroom.


This is where cue the 10 walls, you know, memes of, you know, stay outta my damn bedroom. So that, that's what we're talking about. Do you think's, by the way, he's a great guy. He is a good Tim Walls I'll, he thought he was in the room. Yeah, so it's the one good two funny Tim WellStar already within a few weeks. so I met him once as second gentleman out on the road. I was in St. Paul doing a small business event. I was very impressed, you know, he knew about business and the economy and then I didn't see him until that night in Philly when we jumped up on the stage. Oh wow. And so we kind of bonded backstage and we get up there and we just do this Big Bro bear hug.


And I cannot tell you how many texts I got from my actual friends and actual family members. Like, you never hugged me like that. What's going on? You literally just met this guy. Did you Hit him on the back? Did you hit him on the back to to, to preserve your, your heteronormativity? Did you give him the back Pat? No. If you see the video, we just did this full on And I think, you know, he was like this, I was like this. And then it was just this bro hug and I heard from a lot of actual friends. And then the other one I loved when he said, I'll sleep when I'm dead. And I said, I'll sleep on November 6th because I wanna actually enjoy the fruits of winning this election. The vice president has a debate with Donald Trump next week.


She does. I, yeah. I I, well we hope, yes. I assume no one has debated with her more often than you have. Do you have any, what should we expect here? What, what would she look for? I haven't won one. Yeah, so I, she Mute your mic. Is that a bang in your house? You know, she is a very good debater. I mean, if you look at some of her debates, I, you know, you look at her debate with Mike Pence, she had a pretty infamous debate with Loretta Sanchez when she was running for Senate. Yep. So, and she's also a first class trial lawyer, right? First class, I mean a first class lawyer and a first class trial lawyer. And I would say some, you know, there's funny husband, wife sort.


It's not like we're in a debate, but I realize if we're talking about something, any really good lawyer will lay little traps for you along the way. And as I'm going through this discussion about some husband wife thing, I said, oh, that's what you're doing. I was a pretty good trial lawyer too. I said, aha. And so she is very, very, you know, disciplined, she's very prepared. You know, she's a, again, a first class lawyer and a first class intellect and you know that that's how she's gonna approach everything. So it's Donald Trump.


So who, who the hell knows what, what you're gonna get? But I know from her, you know, she's gonna be talking about us. She's gonna be talking about the American people. She's gonna be talking about the issues that she's been talking about. She's gonna be talking about moving us forward, talking about this economic plan, talking about our standing in the world. And I mean literally everything I just said, including the abortion issue. There's such a clear contrast. I mean, this is such a binary, clear contrast. And, I think just getting folks to understand that and pay attention to know that everyone's life would be marketably worse if somehow this guy who's completely unfit for office ever returned.


It just, people will be so far worse off, including business folks who think, oh, well maybe he was good on the economy. One, that's not true. But two, think about the things he's saying. One of the bases of a great economy is stability. It's lack of chaos, it's rule of law. It's, it's our court systems. It's all the capital markets. It's innovation, it's it's trade, it's all these things that make, really make our economy great. Make our country great. And you would think this place is going down the tubes the way Donald Trump talks about it. But I love the way she talked about it. This country is awesome. And to see, to hear the USA chance in Paris at the Olympics where you expect to hear them, but then to come back and hear them at a Democratic convention where you may not normally expect to see that and hear that, why were you hearing that?


Because she, her vision of our country is, is more accurate of what we're experiencing and where she can take it. And we know he's already was terrible the first time. Terrible. Even pre Covid. And then COVI is probably the biggest dereliction of duty of any president history. Hundreds of thousands of people died because he lied about Covid, he continued to lie about it. And oh yeah. And then he fomented an insurrection when he lost the other election. So yeah, it wasn't great. So this is what we're dealing with. So she's going to just talk about the issues that actually help people. And he's just going to lie and talk about himself. What was your relationship to politics?


When, you met Kamala Harris. Were had, have you always been politically active? Have you always had like strong political views? I mean, I've always been a down, I, again, you know, building my career. so I was more focused on building my, my career and raising the kids. And I, I wasn't like, Your brain was not broken by politics. Like all of us. I didn't know. Like I wouldn't have known like whatever precursor of you guys there were before in the before times, right? You're, you guys are one off. But no, I was like, most, I was just out there. I was, I cared about our country, I cared about the issues. I voted And I, I followed it when there were elections, but I wasn't like obsessively, you know, watching stuff and reading stuff because I was out there trying to support my big beautiful blended No, that was before that.


I had a big, beautiful blended family. so I support my family and I got into it a little bit before I had met her. As it as it turned out, as you know, the kids were getting older and it was election season. And I was starting to, to, you know, donate some money and that you're getting invited to a fundraiser? No, I was going to, I was starting to go to events, right. Because I had more time. And And I was at a place where that seemed more interesting. And then I met her and then all of a sudden I started, You had plenty of events to Go to. Well then I, then I started going to lots of events and learning about it and, but my first election was her attorney general reelect, And.


I was like, wow, politics is easy. You just like show up on election day and you get reelected. I didn't realize like she was basically running on a pose and then, and even the Senate race, you know, was it, it took a while and she ran for a while, but it was, I was working full time. I, I was in and out of that and really my first introduction is when she ran in the primary, when I was like a weekend warrior and, and went around helping her out, And I. Then it became a full-time gig that day in August of 2020 when she got that call. And then that, that was my last day at the firm and I've been doing this ever since.


Oh, that's amazing. All right now let's have for some Hardballs. Okay. Are you ready? Oh my goodness. So the only times published a list of some of your favorite restaurants. Okay. Okay. Some good important choices there. Two big problems with the list. First of all, Toscana Douglas. Tana, was that on there? It's 2024. I'm barely here. My point of reference is, is I haven't been here a lot in the last four years. We are in a red sauce renaissance in this city. Are you not familiar with this? I, I didn't know we were in a red. So Renaissance, renaissance, we're sauce renaissance. So the thing is, I'm, I'm not here a lot. And so when I come back I want to just re-experience the la that I left behind in 2020.


Or even pre Covid. so I don't know many of the new places and it's kind of hard to, you know, get around these days. So I've been here for 10 years and never knew like the best Mexican food in LA. And then reading to prepare for this interview, I saw that you guys love El Cholo. And so after I was reading it yesterday, my wife And I went to the original location, which it's like right down the street from us. We didn't even know. Yeah. And fantastic. Isn't it amazing? Yes. Thank you for that recommendation. Well, I started gonna, that one I went to USC for law school. And. I started going there in the late eighties when I was in law school. And basically that was part of my repertoire the whole time.


So as soon as I met Kaa we just started going. And if we can't go, we as that as I You're giving me the look on El Trello. No, no, no. I'm good with El Trello. I'm good with, It's just to Scott Craig's upset me. What about Craig? It's like fancy cars, photographers, you Know what I mean? So Craig's I think this is public, but we, we went on our first date there, right? And so it And I. I knew Craig for a long time and it was one of those Craig places where you knew, you knew Craig the one in West Hollywood, right? Is there Just one? Yeah, there's just one. And so that's kind of a special place just 'cause that was literally our first date and it's, it's pretty Sny Now. I, but again, I, I barely, yeah, I'm barely here. We're holding you here.


Unfair standard. I'm really just trying to see the kids or my parents or, you know, so it's not like I'm out hitting the talent so hard to Get east of the 4 0 5 when You're, I'm told, you know, that is when you're just here. It's, I'm glad you brought that up. 'cause when I'm talking to the team who are not from LA and they're, they're giving me like the 15 minute travel time to get from the west side to driving at 4:00 PM Not happening my to No, Can't you roll? This is literally an hour and 20 minutes. What do You doing? Can we roll lights and sirens now? I think we gotta win this election. Okay, let's Win this All right now. Second problem I have, Oh my God, This is may not be your fault. This may be just the mainstream media once again letting us all down, but there was no deli on that list.


All, right? And I. I just, I have a couple. Nate Owls Caners Arts Langer. Where are we going? All good. What are we ordering? All good. Langers is And I read an article about Langers in the LA Times that, you know, I think it's, it needs some love Langer's. The first, okay, I'm so old. The first stop on the original metro line went from downtown seventh Street to right across the street from Langer's. So us lawyers would literally like whatever it costs, a quarter dollar would go to lunch at Langers, take the new subway metro line and go, go there. So love that place.


What's our, What's our, what's our deli order? What're fighting antisemitism? We're at the deli. What are we getting? I mean, you know, corn beef. Okay. It's kind of hard not to, but I try to eat a little healthier these days, so maybe I'm a, I'm a love dry tuna, so I, I get dry tuna at a lot of these delis too. Dry tuna. Yeah, it's, It's, I don't know if you're gonna win. Yeah, I don't think, not totally not like talk about dry tuna. Not super dry, but you know, just melt tuna melt. Okay. Tuna melt love Tuna. Mel Lovett. But t but the tuna has to be, it can't be, you know, super. We saw the vp, you know, make a tuna melt during Coke. Oh yeah, that's right. The Mark Warner thing. Yeah. And also like, she, she, when we're here, she cooks. I mean, her thing is cooking Sunday dinner.


And so, you know, she's amazing near chef. Like, so for me it's like her cooking for us. Cooking for the family. You, you're always winning the most. What she doing with Za What's she doing with ssa? I, I think I got her to make me Mozza bra once and again. She does everything great. So she, you know, puts her own touches in it. Probably threw some, some, some flavor and some spice in it. But no, she, she's good. She And I. I was not lying. She makes a very mean brisket. Oh. And she puts a lot of love into it. And I I read at these Sunday dinners, she spends like five hours on a Boise or whatever. Yeah. And you do cocktails. Does that sound like The kind of equity you talking about earlier?


Well, I think during What Kind of Cocktails were you drinking? Well, I, I do try, I try to to sous chef it up. She taught me some of the knife skills at oh, not, you know, cutting Yeah. Food. Yeah, We do, we obviously do that. Chopping You didn't think you meant Samurai Chop. so I, I was famously she got me onion goggles, which I put on a post once, which I go, oh my god. Onion goggles. so I take that seriously. I try to help as much as I can, but now that usually the kids come over and everyone's getting older so they all wanna help her in the kitchen. So usually I'm just like making drinks or now I might even Cole Lakes, I'm like down to just make picking the music, like putting a playlist there at This point.


you know what though? It's, It's good though. I'm like, this is great. You're fighting for gender equity. You stole your job from a, from a woman and now we're just doing the playlist. so I to think about, it's something to think about.


A small businesses Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or What Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated Exclusion Terms and conditions supply.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's. Great Smoky Mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it. ISS creating fog and that makes the Smokies Smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com. Tennessee Sounds. perfect.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie When. you use Angie for your home projects. You know, all your jobs will be done. Well. Roof repair done well. Kitchen sink install done well. Deck upgrades done well. Electrical upgrade done well. Angie's been connecting homeowners with skilled pros for nearly 30 years. So we know the difference between done and done. Well hire high quality certified pros@angie.com


At It's my understanding that you're, you're a big sports fan. Yeah. Is it just La Rams? Lakers? Like all la like So I. I was born in Brooklyn Okay. And moved here when I was 16. So there's still a vestige of New York teams. Okay. So it's a, it's a, that's unfortunate hodgepodge of New York and LA teams, but I've been here. So You're a Yankees Lakers fan? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, no, well do, so it's the Dodgers have superseded. Okay. Dodgers and Lakers superseded the New York teams, but the New York Giants are still in my, in my DNA And. I Love the Rams. But remember the Rams were not here. They were in Orange County then they were in St.


Louis. They came back. But since they've been back, it's been fantastic. So big Rams fan. But my, you know, kind of the, the team of my youth, which is still my team is the New York Football Giants. Okay. And but Lakers and, and Dodgers are they they got, they kind of got in the blood. Now I I heard you telling a guy Rich Isen that you hate Boston teams. And. I just wondered if Yeah. Got a couple Boston guys. Well, for those of us who won a victory in November, I'm wondering if, if you, we should be concerned that you seem to hate winning and just hate Excellence. Yeah, yeah. General. Yeah. A lot of electoral votes in going after Boston. We're talking about success.


So it's so funny, my son And I went, he was in DC during the playoffs and we, we, there were a lot of Boston fans as the finals, a lot of Boston fans in this big sports bar we were at. And we were like not rooting for them. And a couple of fans were like, are you, are you not rooting for us? And I'm like, secrets for, but I'll I will say one, we're assholes. Yeah. We're awesome. One of the highlight, but a lot of the folks on our team are, are from Boston. So I've got a okay. But one of the cool events is we went up to see Robert Kraft, who's been doing a lot of work on antisemitism, fighting antisemitism. And he gave me a tour of his office and he has a shrine to all the Super Bowl trophies.


And, I. Got to see that. And one of which is dented, I think this story was by Gronk or something. Yeah, Gronk. And so hit a baseball with it. Yeah. So his office and, and the rings. I got to meet the new coach and Mayo. Yeah. But still not a fan. I Remember with put where with Putin taking that ring. He still Has it. I think he still Has It. He told me, he, he told me that whole story with Putin in the ring. He was very gracious. He has some really cool stuff in his office. Some amazing bespoke Tom Brady paraphernalia. Yeah. And, and just stuff going way back. So he's like a real sports fan and also really into politics.


He had some great political Yeah. Stuff in there too. But the trophy room, it's like, it's one of those scenes you just see in one of these movies where it's just this big long room and there's nothing else in there except these trophies and they're just in this case, But you but you can't take 'em with you. You cannot take them with you When, you die. Yeah. Oh, When. you can't be burying a pyramid. Something to think about. Yeah. Craft great owner. Is he happy? Don't love his politics. Yeah, no happy. This is not political. This, I went there not on politics, but on the 'cause on this fight against antisemitism. You know, we're all, all now one together and that's non-political. Maybe You can bring 'em to our side. I, I do think, my understanding is we have a hard out on this interview because your Fantasy Football draft is tonight.


Now the question I think is, Is that a first for, that is A first America. But I think I I actually think that says a lot about you and your priorities because I think I've heard you say that this is a a a league you've been in for like 34 years with your Yeah. Law school buddies. Yeah. So, or is this the White House League? No, the White House League. That draft was last night. Okay. This, this league, it started in 1989 at USC and it merged with my first law firm, which I started in 1990. So it's basically a bunch of guys that I went to law school with and worked together. But it's the same, basically the same crew and maybe a new owner here or there. But it's, and even the new owners have been there for 15, 20 years.


We're all now of a certain age that most of us have kids and sons and daughters who are now in their twenties to mid, early to late twenties who have now come in to be a part of the league. So Cole joined me about eight or nine years ago, I think when he was getting outta college. And we were very hapless team. We, I, I won once in 2000. So 24 years ago I won once and you can now 'cause it's been on one of the apps for so long. It's literally like 12 teams. 12, 12, 11, 10, 11. 12, 12. And then two years ago we decided we gotta just take this more seriously.


We gotta study. This is embarrassing. So two years ago we made the playoffs and then last year we, we were the number one team the whole season. We got to the finals. And, I even told the team, okay, if just, just tank, let us win. And if you let us win, we'll do next year's draft in the White House. Didn't work. Well I'm here. So it didn't work. We lost. But it was, this is the year, this year, this year. This league is so much fun. This so I, I've got two great group chats. It's the one from my jersey guys that I grew up with and this one of the team owners. And when I said the word and that's when I met my fantasy fo they, it there's 500 messages on that group chat.


I bet. Just so it's just so fun. That Group chat got wild for your friends a couple years ago. This is like Meghan Markle group chat. All of a sudden when she met Prince Harry's, like, I'm sorry, what, what have you been up to? They give you a lot of shit on the group chat now. Like what's it been like the last couple of months? It they always gimme, we we give each other a ton of shit. Yeah. 'cause that's what a group chat does, right? Yeah. No, it's, it's surreal for them. I think the highlight of their lives was when I went on Matthew Berry to talk about our league and our team and my team and my draft. They just, that's better than a convention. That was more, yeah, that was a I got, I got a few Hey, great speech. That was really good. No on the speech, but it was like you said the fantasy team.


Team Nirvana and Team Nirvana. Team Nirvana. And this is Just like a spreadsheet Through Yahoo. I Assume this that one's through E-S-P-N-P-N Huh? Yeah. It's, I don't know what it is. I never, no one ever told me. It's, it's, it's really fun. It's fun because it's a way to watch the games and now it's something that when the games are on, you're literally FaceTiming, texting all the, the people that you're in the league with and it for Cole And I, especially over these last four or five years, it's so hard to stay connected to him. And it's a, it's a great way for us to stay connected and to have something that's just for he And I and the fact that his dad came out here to, to sit with him to do the draft.


He's, he's just so happy right now that we're gonna be, and me too, of course. That we're able to do this. So it's, it's a, it's one little shred of normalcy in a going back Yeah. Bringing it all back to your first question. The way good lawyers do you know that shut out of a cannon because we are traveling many hundreds of miles an hour right now and we're hustling for 60 some odd days to I. guess I said to save our country to win the selection, but it's a working trip. I'm doing all these events while I'm here, but I'm also carving out this time for him because we still have to be parents to Colin Ella and, and to everyone else in that family.


They still look to us. We still gotta be present. And that was one of the great things about the convention, bringing, I mean, everyone together and they were all there to, to just experience this thing together was very special beyond special. We, we do wanna just quickly show you that we did sell a mug with your face on it. Ooh. It says dug on a Mug. I like the young Doug picture better. That's like super old Doug. Well We didn't have one for you because they sold out. Yeah, they're Sold like hotcakes. Yeah. So now maybe the second round We'll we'll Have, and because you're a lawyer, just so you know, we are legally allowed to use, Hold on, I'm gonna just drop to cease and desist As. We have lawyers. We have lawyers too. Doug. Oh, this Public domain.


This is like fair use. No. Yeah. You're a public figure. I'm the mug. You go. Fair use. This is commentary. This is satire. Satire. Parity. Parity. There's a parody moment. You know, I teach this stuff at Georgetown Law School, man, so it's Yes, you, you are, you're screwing me, but it's okay. Okay, cool. Last question for you. What is one thing you know about your wife that you really hope the entire country gets to know over the next few months? Only one thing. Well, I figured see my speech. Can I redo my speech? Yeah, no, that, that she is a badass. I mean she is a super badass on so many levels and she has just done this, her entire career has been for us.


I know it's just for other people, but it literally has, and everything she does, there's always a a why behind it. You know, she talked about why she became a, a prosecutor because of her best friend was being unfortunately molested by her stepfather. And you, you track so much of her policy and, and the stuff that she does to help us. There's always some family, there's always some reason. So here famously, the, the mortgage crisis in California where they were giving Californians pennies on the dollar. And. I was I was here. And to see her fight for us because she's then thinking about her own mother and her, the folks that she grew up with who worked so hard to get those homes and then to lose them like that.


It's the story about shutting down the for-profit colleges here, you know, and they're just ripping off people. So for me, it's, I want people to know that she really gives a shit. Like she really does this stuff as a, as a calling. It's, yes, she's in politics, but I don't see her as a politician. I see her as a very devout public servant at the highest level. And she's devoted her whole, literally her whole professional career for us. And that it's just great. And you decide To call a person like that at eight 30 in the morning from your car. Like she's a client. Like you're rolling calls. I'm Did your assistant patch you through? so I, you know, on A weekday just as going, it's so funny you say that because I am, it, it was, it was like, what am I doing?


What? And it was that scene, the other John FAU from Swingers. Yeah. And, and it's literally that scene just in my hand. What am I doing? And then I'm like, don't call back. Don't call back. And that's it. He just keeps calling back. No, that was it. It is just because, you know, I knew who she was. And I was just curious, like, okay, is this the person who's the, the fearsome Kamala Harris prosecutor, attorney General? Or is this someone who, you know, seems really cool and maybe we will hit it off. And her desk, it was really when she called. But I'm telling you, when she called me back in that miracle where she happened to be at her desk, And I happened to be at my desk, which never happens.


And we basically talked for an hour and it's like, wow, she's really awesome. She's funny, she's smart. She, she's, you know, interesting. Let's do, I'm in. So let's, and she happened to be in LA a few days later, And I said, she told me that. I said, okay, we're going out. Amazing. Congrats on winning that fight. By the way, LA versus San Francisco. I lived in both. It's, it's a no-brainer if we're being honest. Yeah, yeah. So pretty. We choose LA It's pretty sweeter. Yeah. I, I love lot weather And wait until you try some of the Italian food. Okay. After, after the, after the mic, after we shut these off, you're gonna gimme a list.


so I can, I can spread, spread out a little bit from the, the Tosca Sea. No Offense to Toscana. I love Toscana. Yeah. The, the bread's cold, but it's okay. Okay. Enough with you. And Did you have a bad, did they not let you? What happened? Oh, I know what happened. They didn't let him in. They didn't. So he is bitter about it. All. right. We're gonna let you get to your fantasy draft. Doug Moff, thank you so much for coming on. Pod Save America, thanks for the time and good luck in the draft tonight. We're gonna need it. Thanks guys. A couple of quick things before we go. Pod Save America is headed to Phoenix this Saturday, September 7th at Celebrity Theater. Join us, Dan, and guest host Jane Coston for a great show featuring Senate candidate Ruben Gallego.


Get your tickets at crooked.com/events now. Still tickets, grab 'em. We'll see in Phoenix. And also in the newest episode of subscription exclusive podcast, polar coaster, Dan and Elijah Cohn. Map out how Harris can win the electoral college and explore the campaign's possible routes to securing 270 electoral votes. To check out Dan's subscriber exclusive show and so much more. subscribe to Friends of the Pod on Apple Podcasts or at cricket.com/friends. That's our show for today. How about Doug? How great is Doug? Alright, I just wanna go get dinner with Doug at Toscana or anywhere else, I guess. Anywhere else. God Toscana, what a blast.


So much Toscana. It's a nice guy. There's little too much Toscana talk, A personal issue, but you know what, he was fantastic. Thanks. Second gentlemen, Doug amh for coming by. Good luck with the draft tonight. We'll be back with a new show on Friday with Dan and me. We'll be talking about next week's debate with one of the moderators of the last one, CNN's Dana Bash. So tune in, talk to you then. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cr.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod. Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Holly Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dtra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like how Did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what is the Ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentera Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentera Health Administration Incorporated Exclusion Terms and Conditions supply.


That's the sound of Unaged Whiskey transforming into Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey in Lynchburg. Tennessee around 1860. Nearest Green taught Jack Daniel how to filter whiskey through charcoal for a smoother taste. One drop at a time. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com. Tennessee Sounds. perfect.