
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security as a Pod Save America listener, you know, as well as us, the dark chapter we're stepping into, oh, we're in it. I don't, we've already stepped. But no matter what's happening outside your four walls, your home should always provide a safe sanctuary for your family. SimpliSafe can help provide peace of mind with proactive protection that helps to stop threats before they even have the chance to break in. Love it. Why was SimpliSafe so important to you? It was so easy to do and you can customize it and then it comes, it's set up. The setup is really fast and the app is fantastic, and the customer support was really great and I highly recommend it. There you go. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they begin. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those, see and talk to 'em in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at a dollar a day. 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. SimpliSafe is named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report five years in a row. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked because there's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. On today's show, we got Donald Trump and Elon Musk seizing control of the federal government's money spigot, accessing all of our private information like Social security numbers, purging federal law enforcement of nonpartisan FBI agents and prosecutors who aren't loyal to Trump and shutting down multi-billion dollar agencies that they're not legally authorized to eliminate. Starting with U-S-A-I-D, we'll hear from A-U-S-A-I-D vet about what is actually happening and what it means. We'll also talk about the Democrats who seem like they're trying to get off the mat. Over the weekend, the party elected Ken Martin as its new chair and Democrats in Congress are starting to use the limited power they have to fight back.


And later Lovett talks tariffs with our old friend Brian De, who is a top economic advisor to President's Obama and Biden. But first America's dumbest trade war with two of its closest allies and biggest trading partners. Seems to have ended before it even began. We started today ready to talk about a trade war, and then just before we started recording, first Mexico's goes down, then Canada goes down. Trade War is over if you want it. So over the weekend, Trump announced 10% tariffs on Chinese goods and 25% tariffs on goods from our toughest adversaries, Canada and Mexico. That would mean every time a US company imports products from those countries, food, cars, medicine, electronics, they would have to pay an extra tax to the US government and then most companies would make up for the added expense by raising the prices they charge American consumers.


The tariffs were scheduled to go into effect on Tuesday night, but then Trump agreed to last minute deals with both Canada and Mexico to pause tariffs for one month. Mexican president, Claudia Shane Baum, agreed to send 10,000 additional troops to the border to help with illegal immigration and drug smuggling, which Mexico also did At the beginning of Joe Biden's administration. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada would implement the $1.3 billion border plan that it had already announced in December launch a Canada US joint strike force to fight drug smuggling and money laundering, which it also announced in December. And the new thing a point a fentanyl czar, a Canadian fentanyl czar, That guy always late for work As my God.


As far as we know, as of this recording on Monday afternoon, the tariffs on China are still going into effect as planned, though, we're keeping a close eye on Xi Jinping's Twitter feed. Just gotta keep a close eye on that while we're recording. Now, why was Trump doing all this in the first place? Here's a sampling of the explanations he's offered over the last few days, including threats to start trade wars with our European allies as well. We put tariffs on, they owe us a lot of money, and I'm sure they're gonna pay UK is out of line, but I'm sure that one, I think that one can be worked out. But the European Union is, it's an atrocity.


We may have short term some, a little pain and people understand that Canada's been very abusive of the United States for many years. What I'd like to see Canada become our 51st state as a state, it's different as a state, it's much different. And there there are no tariffs. So I'd love to see that. But some people say that would be a long shot. Yeah, some people do say that's a long shot. He, he said something so bizarre right after that, which was if they, if if people were smart about the pain, they'd be for it, but they're not smart about the pain. He said something deeply, deeply troubling. Oh, That's, that sounds like right after.


That's unlike him right after. All right. What do you guys think did, did Mexico and Canada cave to Trump's pressure and just his, his tough negotiating tactics? Or are these just fake concessions that just let everyone save face? Does that seem leading To you? That question? I i i it, it seems as though Trump really enjoyed beating the ever-loving shit out of the Colombians. And now he's like feeling tough and he is ready to move up the chain. He's got a taste for it of, of regional economies. Mm. And he's, he's taken that, that that quick victory out for a, a spin. Are we at like King Hippo, if it's Mike Tyson punch out, where are we at in the escalation Matter? I always struggle. I never got the timing right, hippo.


I never got the timing. Who's the first person I always struggled, Like Glass Jaw Joe or Whatever. I was terrible at that game. Like the drunk Russian. Oh yeah, yeah, That sounds right. King Hippo. Yeah. I mean the, the Fentanyl czar is gonna have some free time. 'cause I think U-S-C-B-P had some data about seizures at the northern border in 20 22, 20 23 and 2024. And they found 70 pounds of fentanyl at the northern border as compared to over 66,000 pounds at the southern border. So I don't think the fentanyl issue was won with Canada as much as it was with Mexico and with China Also. He's, he, he said some number, I think he said like there were 200,000 Fentanyl deaths, but the number is actually lower and had been dropping. And so he's already gonna be able to declare that he's brought the number down the da, you know, he can already from his fake number.


Here's, so obviously Trump thinks this is a big win. He'll get some coverage that says it's a win from, from regime media and his people, his his supporters will all say it's a big win. Maybe some low info voters out there if they're paying attention at all. We'll see headlines and think, oh, maybe Trump won. But as you heard in the clip, Trump's problems, at least his stated problems with Mexico and Canada and especially Canada, is that they have abused us. They've treated us poorly economically. He's got all these economic concerns about both of them. He doesn't like to trade. He says that we don't even need Canada for all the stuff that we buy from them. We can make it all here. This is ridiculous.


And yet all he got from either of them were announcements about border security that they had already made or already implementing or had already implemented in the past without threats of a trade war. So I don't, I don't know what he got at all or what he's doing. There's a potential that as they, as he tries to renegotiate trade deals with Canada and Mexico, 'cause he is gonna open up the trade deal that he himself negotiated with them last time that maybe he'll try to bring up some of these issues again. He, you know, he's, he's upset about a, a trade deficit I guess, but I don't know, I don't think he, I don't think he got anything. Yeah, there was a, a moment he did a yet another press availability from the oval this morning, sort of his daily ritual at this point.


And he said, who the hell negotiated these deals? You did? Yeah, Jared Kushner did. But we're In your deals. These are all your, these are all part of your deal. Yeah. It's hard to, it's like, you know, we, we've just been in this endless, we were right before recording, so like, I wonder what's Trump, Trump's Trump is thinking about this, which is always just sort of a fool's errand to try to figure out. So you never know, like, is this but One that we've faced much of this show around? And that's the contradiction at the heart of this show. But the, but, but, but it's, it's are we like, and I think there's always a mix, right between his sort of feral desire for just news cycles, right? He's just, he's ravenous for news cycles and he is, he got a great one outta Columbia. He's gonna declare that this was a great, he feels this is a great one for him, right?


He threatens these tariffs. The media goes nuts. He gets these concessions that he can brag about, declare victory, and we're on to the next fight tomorrow. But then part of it also is he is, this is now a cycle, right? He is said, I will tariff you unless you come to the table and negotiate. Right? They can, he's showing that, you know, they, they never apply this on, on sanctions, but they do on, on terrors, which is the way you prove that, that if you concede something, you might be rewarded by Trump is he withdrew them, right? He's showing, he's says he's willing to be capricious and put in place these disastrous tariffs that would harm both countries, but he is also willing at a moment's notice to withdraw them. So it's, he's setting now we have a 30 day cycle. We're gonna do this again in 30 days, I guess. Yeah.


I, I think just, it's gonna be a lot easier to get either real concessions or just lip service outta the Canadians and the Mexicans than it will be out of the Chinese Xi Jinping is not going to bend or break easily. And so it does look like, look, ultimately, I think the results matter a lot less to Trump than the politics. There were stories in the Wall Street Journal a week ago about how the Canadians like didn't know what he wanted. They were on the other end of this fight. They didn't know what they were negotiating over. Turns out the answer was a fentanyl C are yeah, A fent. They wanted a news czar and, but like Trump looks like he's taking action, he's getting stuff done, he's making progress, he's picking big fights. So it's splashy, it's getting covered. You're right. State media is covering it, but so is every other news outlet that's, you know, trying to follow this administration.


So I think it's really smart politics for him. I think though, that you just have to ask yourself like Justin Trudeau and Claudia Shane Baum right now, what are they thinking? Are they thinking, oh, he really got us? No, probably not, because they didn't have to give up anything. Well, Trudeau's out of a job, so he's thinking right, Where can, I'm saying it's not, I like, sure, everyone can say whatever they want and he can say whatever you want about how he pulled one over on people. But like the two, the two people, the two countries he supposedly pulled one over on are probably pretty happy right now because there's no trade war and they didn't have to spend any more money than they were going to. I was, I clicked on over to clicked on over on over to CN BBC to see what those guys were up to. I don't really check in with them very much. Today was a great day.


They're there every day, you know, which is crazy. But Yeah, Jim, Jim Kramer this morning said he was upset. It's really bad and it's gonna be a really long, bad day. Well, you, You know what you do with the Jim Cramer prediction? Mm. You bet the other side. Yeah. Almost exclusively. But, but they had the oil industry types on to talk about what they thought about. All of a sudden they were all being very, very careful not to say anything to offend Mr. Trump. But they talked about how they had negotiated basically from their own pressure, they had pushed for Trump to lower the, the, the tariffs on oil. Right? So it's, you know, like why is he doing that? Well, he is facing, he, the lobbyists are getting through, which is just a reminder by the way, that tariffs are a great mechanism for Trump. Not just have new cycles, but to keep American industries in heal.


But you say it's like a, you know, I'm sure they're relieved that these tariffs aren't going into effect, but like the, the auto industry that is incredibly interdependent is jeopardized by the threat of these looming tariffs that will hang over these companies for months to come based on these free to trade trade agreements, be able a whole bunch of, of interdependent industries like oil refineries and all the rest that depend on the United States not being a malicious actor that suddenly on a dime decides they're going to throw a giant tariff on, on our closest neighbor. And so like, yeah, like we're on the other side of this right now, but the threat is still there. And Trump knows that the prospective threat of tariffs is more useful to him than ever implementing them.


Sure. But I, I don't know how you get out of a cycle where people start to decide that the United States is not worth doing business with. Right. No, no, I think, I think the whole thing is damaging for sure. Yeah. And damaging to us probably as, as people wanna do business with us. Because at some point someone's gonna say, well, I'm gonna call his bluff because so far he all he does for the, his first term, and now this term is he threatens and then maybe he slaps a small tariff on something or, or, or targeted tariffs here. But it's not, not really a big deal. I also think that, you know, there was this whole debate, is he using the tariffs as a negotiating threat or does he just really believe that tariffs are good? And by nominating and then confirming Scott Bessant for Treasury Secretary, he seemed to be of the view that tariffs are just a good negotiating tactic.


But then of course, over the weekend when it seemed like it was gonna happen, all of the MAGA people are all arguing Trump's point that tariffs were actually great. And this is, you know, Trump himself posted, we should get rid of the income tax and just have tariffs and these tariffs are gonna fill our coffers and we're gonna have so much more money and we're gonna show these countries, blah, blah, blah. And it's like, well, what happened to that now? Well, yeah, The, the JD Vance here of the case is you throw in the tariffs and you create a big domestic industry. But these are all long game proposals that will take decades to play out. And Trump's just dicking around and doing a political move. Like it's clearly just naked politics. He wants to look like he's taking action. I think it's pretty effective in that sense. Yeah, I I, I talked about this with these briefly, but like I, when I woke up, I was like, let's see what's happening with this trade war. And I just checked the Dao, I dunno, I check the Dao in the morning.


I'm not a Dow checking guy. But then you look and it's like the, the, the people that are, you know, so keyed into this are not that afraid, right? It like, went down a little bit, then they saw the Mexican deal and it kind of ticked back up again. So they all, like, there was a kind of collective belief that I, at the moment in the morning, I was like, this either a a, a delusion or not, that this Trump is just bluffing and he doesn't actually wanna do this. But Trump is so emboldened and gained so much power from the fact that we don't totally know what it'll do and we're not really sure what he means. And like, we pay for that. We pay for that by the fact that the whole the whole world today was focused on what was gonna happen today. Yeah. I also don't, I I don't really understand, I know how he thinks about it, but I don't really understand what kind of political win he thinks he's getting two weeks into his administration in one news cycle.


It's like, great. Yeah, we gotta have, everyone's gonna forget about it in, you know, three days until we get, unless we get 30 days from now. And then, you know, he makes up some other big fucking problem that Canada and Mexico are doing. He does, does this all Over again. Yeah. I just think it's like the casual news observer, the, the just the headline person. Like, ah, you see Trump, he, he beat up on the Canadians. He got some concessions, like good for him doing stuff.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. We love Helix mattresses. Love it. Has a Helix mattress. Don Locke. Super Comfortable. Charlie, my son has his Helix mattress. He's got the Helix Kids mattress. A ton of people at Crooked have Helix mattresses. Everyone loves them. They're always very comfortable and they are tailored to your preferences. So how will you know which Helix Mattress works best for you and your body? You just take the Helix sleep quiz and you find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Love it. You got a Don Luxe, right? I did get a Don Luxe. There You go. And boy, sleep like a baby. You sure do sleep Like a bug and A rug. They have 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections, Helix Plus mattress designed for big and tall sleepers Helix kids, a mattress designed for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Again, like Charlie Favreau Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a hundred night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to Helix sleep.com/crooked for 20% offsite wide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked for 20% offsite wide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/crooked.


All Right, let's talk about Trump's war at home against the government. He leads the President has essentially given Elon Musk the keys to the kingdom and the world. Richest man is now acting like he's the one people voted for. Here's the headline from the Libs over at the Wall Street Journal. Musk moves with lightning speed to exert control over the government. Elon and his gang of Gen z Doge Bros. I got a couple 19, 20, 21 year olds right outta college, fresh outta college. Now they're just running around the federal government. Jesse, who was in the Oval Office today. Oh yeah, Rupert Murdoch and, and Larry Ellison. Larry Ellison. Well, Ru just hanging out During the, during the press avail, they asked Trump about the Wall Street Journal saying that this was Trump's dumbest trade war.


He didn't love that and he didn't like it. He said he is gonna have to bring that up with Rupert. And I guess he really meant it that day if Rupert was sitting right there When the question was asked. Yeah, there, yeah, we didn't talk about that there. I did, I did wonder if some of the market stuff and, and Rupert and Wall Street Journal and like the, the old establishment Republicans that basically no longer exist started getting him like, Hey, the, the markets could be fucked here. Well, this was the whole thing, the whole first term. His China policy was flip-flopping back and forth between hard line hawks and the market whisperers like Minuchin and others who were saying, don't do it. You don't want to doubt to go down. You don't want the s and p to drop. So anyway, so Elon and all of his fucking nerds, they're running throughout the federal government now. They demanded and ultimately won access to the Treasury Department's payment system, which is how the government pays its bills and delivers benefits to people that are already mandated by law.


So by the time it gets to the payment system, it's, it's all a bunch of career officials. They're nonpartisan. They're just like, it's just the spigot. They're just turning it on. All right, now we're just paying the bills. So now this means that Elon and his, his crew has access to the personal information of every US taxpayer, social security numbers, all of it. Elon then claimed without any ev evidence whatsoever that treasury, he discovered the treasury was making illegal payments, including just some terrorists, and that he was shutting them down. Seems bad. What's, what's your level of alarm on this one, guys? Presumably we're mailing the checks to those terrorists, so probably see that address go there.


Yeah. Uncle Sam's Venmo. Do we have the ISIS accounts? It's a, it just sort of like, seems like that's like a, you're kind of overpromising in terms of Yeah. And Underdelivering, if you found Terrace in the payment system, we'll see where the checks Are going. I meant hummus, not Hamas. So how do we route that money in the wrong place, you Know? But we sending hummus to No, it was payment forward Promise. I'm Sorry. You know what I mean? We split that app. It's, it was hummus for Hamas, unfortunately. And condoms, Which was just made up and he said it again. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, I mean, this, this is pretty un I didn't, first of all, I didn't know that Uncle Sam had a Venmo. This seems alarming and unprecedented. And like Elon Musk is a unelected tech billionaire, wrestling away congressional authority to spend money in the treasury department's role in the whole process.


And I don't know, like this vindictive, unstable man calling U-S-A-A-D evil and leftist Marxists terrorist supporters. This all seems like a pretty bad setup. I forgot to mention that when they originally demanded access, they were told no by the career official in charge of the payment system at treasury, who was acting treasury secretary at the time before Besson was confirmed and had been appointed, I believe, by Donald Trump in the first administration. So this is no crazy Marxist lib. And he said, no, that's crazy. You can't have access to the pain system. You're not like this group of kids that you brought in from Silicon Valley.


They're not even government employees and they don't have, they don't have security clearances emails. No, we're not giving you access to the sensitive payment system that distributes trillions of dollars every year. And then he had to step aside that got him right out of there. It's also, you know, it's, it's like a, it's, it's obviously like the, the, the most sort of sensational example, but it's also just, I, if your goal is getting government spending under control, obviously this is dangerous and unhinged, it's also very stupid because if you're trying to get overall government spending under control, I don't care how many 19 year olds you brought with you from Doge, I don't how many, how many fucking sofa beds you bring into the OMB.


You're going, you're going line by line through the fucking ledger. Like this is a vast apparatus. There are, but Also it's the wrong ledger. You could, you didn't need access to the payment system. There's the federal budget that you could just go line by line For. But that, but that's my point. Like, these people have so little knowledge or respect, like for, I, I want to get to the danger that this poses the moral and ethical risks that this poses. But you, let's just start by pointing out like, this is the a stupid thing to do. This is a stupid way. Well, to try to achieve what they wanna achieve because it is not actually about results. It's about being the stars of a drama, the drama of, of reforming the government from the inside with our day beds and our doge and our hardcore and our emails and our exciting, exciting progress.


And now and now. And, and, and that to me is driving all of this not the actual practical realities of what anything they on, on their own terms, what they wanna do Well, but that, that's the key on their own terms. It's if, if what they want to do really is cut spending in the government and that's it, then it, the whole thing is really stupid and they're going about it the wrong way. But maybe that's not what they really wanna do. And that's why they tried to get access to the payment system in the US government. And where the shit really hits the fan is we're gonna go into a, probably a debt ceiling crisis in March. And when they're trying to raise the debt ceiling. And treasury already is using extraordinary measures to keep us from hitting the debt ceiling because we should have raised it.


As always, we're raising it late as we have for the last two decades. And treasury and that department are responsible for making sure that the US keeps paying our bills. And that the, you know, full faith and credit of the United States government is respected and counted on all over the World. It also, apparently even in past financial crisis or debt ceiling fights that the political staff have never done this. They've always let career civil servants a hundred percent handle this kind of sensitive information. And by the way, there was some reporting about the identities of members of the Doge team, these, these tweens and teens running around the place. I don't there Any Tweens I like, No, I You don't know that. No. You don't know That there were ens. I like calling them tweens job Talking.


Now the US attorney for the District of Columbia is threatening to arrest people or prosecute people that I guess expose their identities or, or put them at risk in some kind of way. And now you've got like Elon's army of dipshits and losers on Twitter now doxing, the reporters who reported on the Doge staffers and, and leading them getting threats. So this is just incredibly offic stick. The US attorney for DC who now, who used to be the guy who defended all the January 6th riders. He's a good guy. Yeah. He was now made the US attorney in DC The, the, the, so much of this too, like it's Trump, how Trump is threatening tariffs, how Elon is operating Doge, it's all kind of childish, kind of buffoonish people drafting off the, the like stability and success and institutions that they don't respect at all.


Like Elon and this group of people, they don't care or know why we make, why we did things the way we did for a really long time. They don't know or care why we had these independent parts of the government. They don't, haven't thought deeply about why. It's actually a very good thing that when the treasury says, Hey, we have four months until we're outta money, that both Democrats and Republicans that are negotiating over spending in Congress respect that. And more broadly they don't respect that. Like, yeah, cutting the budget, finding waste and fraud. Like these are time consuming and difficult projects that require audits and negotiation and compromise that are slow and annoying and frustrating and imperfect. Like they don't respect or care about that process at all. It's not hardcore, it's not how they do it in business because they don't understand the value of like, democratic legitimacy.


They don't appreciate or care about these institutions and the fact that they belong not to like Elon or Trump, but they belong to us. And that basic lack of respect that like humility is, is, is it's just absent. It's absent. And I know it like kinda almost goes without saying, but I think it's worth saying. Well, yeah, I mean, 'cause billionaire tech founders don't run their businesses like a democracy. Yeah, there's that too. That's the whole point. They, they're like, they're authoritarians in their own little fiefdoms and they look at the federal government and they're like, oh, it's so wasteful and inefficient, and why don't, why can't they just run? Why can't the person in charge just make all the, make all the calls there too? Oh, wait a minute, Right? We tried that. We tried that. This System, the system that we have here, democracy, this seems, I don't Know about this and a lot of people thought it was stupid to do it the way we decided to try to do it.


They're like, what do you mean you don't have one person making all the rules? Isn't that gonna be messy? Yes. Yeah. Yes. But it turns out it has some perks. When Besson found out about the whole thing, apparently he, he told the journal, the Wall Street Journal or sources told the Wall Street Journal that they have only read-only access Oh, good. To the payments system. Something that they cannot cut off any, any, any payments themselves, which, you know, contradicts Elon's tweet where he said, we are stopping these payments immediately. So a little unclear what's going on There. Who knows? I just, who knows what's going on. It changes hour to hour. Yep. We have no idea. Doge also busted into the U-S-A-I-D building this weekend. That's the agency responsible for humanitarian assistance around the world. And they demanded access to classified information and personnel information.


When us, a ID security officials resisted, they were put on leave, Elon then tweeted that U-S-A-I-D is an evil criminal organization, a viper's nest of radical left Marxists who hate America and that it's time for the agency to die. This was quite a tweet spree Sunday, US i's website and Twitter account were then taken down and staffers were locked out of the building in their email accounts. Even staffers all over the world in some very dangerous places could not access U-S-A-I-D contacts. Their emails, nothing. Then on Monday, secretary of State, Marco Rubio announced that U-S-A-I-D would become part of the State Department and that he was now active administrator.


Trump also weighed in on all this insanity. Let's listen, Let's take an act of Congress to do away with U-S-A-I-D or you believe UFI Don't know. I don't think so. We not when it comes to fraud, if there's fraud, these people are lunatics. And if it, if it comes to fraud, you wouldn't have an act of Congress. And I'm not sure that you would. Anyway, I love the concept, but they turn out to be radical left lunatics. And the concept of it is good, but it's all about the people. Mr. President, it's interesting that he says he loves the concept there. Hmm. I don't think you do. Of course you do need a, a, a law passed by Congress to completely defund and eliminate an agency. Anyway, that's, it's obviously not how the people who actually work at U-S-A-I-D see it the way that Elon sees it.


We talk to Brittany Brown, who's a former division head at U-S-A-I-D, right after she got back from a protest outside the agency's headquarters in DC on Monday. Let's listen to Brittany. I am Brittany Brown. I was at U-S-A-I-D for four years, starting the second week of the Biden administration, and I stayed through January 20th at noon of this year. So about 10 days ago. What happened was they put a stop work order on all US foreign assistance, and that impacted about $60 billion of assistance. I think it, we've seen now in the last three days that it really is an attempt to shut down the US Agency for International Development or U-S-A-I-D. What is really important about this versus just like a pause on assistance is they didn't just stop new money from going out the door.


The thing that's like really scary to me is the guy who is in charge of holding together the humanitarian portion of the ceasefire with Israel and Gaza. He cannot access his email or computer. He's the one who's supposed to be like actually making sure the humanitarian portion of that is working and he can't get into his email. The woman who is running the humanitarian response in Sudan, where we just declared Aden a genocide. She can't access her email or get into her systems to try and move money to try and move commodities so that we actually can support the people who are now, you know, without any international support. These are all people that I know.


I spent the first seven months of the first Trump administration at the Trump White House as Trump's Senior Africa person. And I saw firsthand that things were rarely what they said they were. And that is why I feel so panicked about what they're saying versus what is happening. I think this is a test to see, is Congress actually going to stand up for their right And for something that the constitution protects, USAID is a really safe organization to test this with. It is difficult to explain to the average American why spending $60 billion overseas makes sense. It's not like the people in Wisconsin are concerned about what is happening necessarily in Somali land or in Tini, like they're thinking about Wisconsin.


So it seems to me again that if President Trump and Elon Musk wanted to root out wasteful spending at U-S-A-I-D, they could have just conducted an audit of the agency's budget and then asked their Republican controlled Congress to make a bunch of cuts. Clearly that's not what happened. What Tommy, what do you think is going on here and how big of a deal is this? I I think that this is not about wasteful spending or even about U-S-A-I-D. I think this is a broader effort to usurp Congress's role in the spending process and create a precedent that they can then use again and again, the, just to be clear, the president does not have the legal authority to abolish U-S-A-I-D Congress established USAID's authority apart from state and merging it with state would also be unconstitutional.


So this is just a power grab and I think how it goes could determine whether there's another power grab. You're seeing some reporting that the Department of Education could be next. That, that, that's the thing in Elon's cross hairs. And it is part of a broader pattern that we're seeing in these, in these first two weeks of them ignoring or breaking the law, ignoring norms to seize power. So they fired those inspectors General at all these agencies. They did it illegally by not giving Congress sufficient notice. It would've been very easy to give Congress 30 days notice and then fire all these people. The Republicans wouldn't stop them. They wanted to have this fight and maybe take it to courts and win in court. They have crippled the National Labor Relations Board by firing a member.


So now the NLRB doesn't have enough members to meet, so they don't have a quorum. That means in practice, this independent agency that is supposed to investigate and prosecute labor law violations cannot do its job. Similar thing happened at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or EEOC. They are browbeat Republican senators into supporting unqualified nominees. Like this is a massive, unprecedented power grab. And Democrats I think don't really know how to fight it or don't have the power to fight it. And Republicans just refuse to, And you know, you said maybe they're looking for a fight that they can take to court and win. The thing that has been keeping me up at night for months is that they go to court with some of these fights and then they lose.


And then Donald Trump says, fuck you John Roberts and the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court, what are you gonna do about it? And I think that this was, this was corrupt and the justice wrong and I don't agree with them and I'm gonna do what I want. Yeah. And then you, Bob Bauer, who is a, a White House Council for in the Obama administration and Jack Goldsmith who was a a in the White House Council for a Republican administration, they both wrote this and, and they said that Russ vote, who's gonna head up OMB, like his view of the Constitution is, is that you should try to push the court and maybe defy court orders because you want, or you want the court to give you favorable rulings because the court is afraid that if the court gives you, gives Donald Trump like rulings that he doesn't like, then he'll say, fuck you.


And then that'll be it. Right? That the court needs to balance its constitutional prerogative with the fear that Trump will break the rules. And so they negotiate, they negotiate against themselves bef by allowing Trump to be unconstrained without him ever having to break a rule. By the way, not dissimilar to what news agencies are doing when they capitulate to Trump on lawsuits that they're afraid to fight all the way to the Supreme Court. There are two pieces of it that I think are worth splitting up. One is what they're doing around these firings or the National Labor Relations Board, in which they are basically asserting that any bounds on Trump and his ability to decide who works for him and where in the executive branch are unconstitutional, which is not a theory that Donald Trump invented. It's called the unitary executive theory.


It it precedes him. And it is the way in which Trump's instinctive strong men politics merge with the Republican desire for an imperial presidency. Incredibly dangerous. In part because that ideological desire for a a, an extremely powerful presidency is not just in what Republicans Congress want or what previous Republican presidents want. It's what Republican courts seem willing to go along with. The other part of this is the power of the purse. And it is interesting that Trump, whether it is because they didn't wanna have the fight on this issue, or they do think they would be constrained by a court ruling, that they withdrew the federal funding fees and were willing to kind of give on that.


Right. It points to the places in which they're still responding to kind of the old rules, at least a little bit. At least that's maybe a glimmer of hope that they are my, Although one of the federal judges that, that, you know, tried to freeze the freeze and, and, and, and issued a restraining order said just today, Monday, that she doesn't believe that the Trump administration is abiding by the restraining order and o Yeah. And ordered them again to stop the freeze. It also Sounds like that OPM letter went through Elon shop and did not go by people like Steven Miller and other top White House officials. So I'm sure there's some intra administration. There's well, there's stuff, well there's, and they're just, they're benefiting from chaos and incompetence, right?


Yeah. Like you Cassidy, bill Cassidy, Republican senator put out a letter today saying, PEPFAR still seems to be on hold. Just PEPFAR was a Bush initiative, Republican initiative to spend vast amounts of money to combat HIV and AIDS in Africa. I I remember when this was a debate at the time, Bush didn't like USID and so he set it up separately because he wanted it to run through the State Department because of the previous Republican problems with USID that's still being held, even though they're claiming that these things have a waiver. But on the, the power of the purse, what Trump is doing here is he's basically saying, I have the latitude to turn off everything and then by noble ob oblig, turn it back on.


Right. And I, I don't, like, we have spent a long time watching as the, the presidency kind of encroached upon Congress's prerogatives. Like that's something that was happening under Democrats and Republicans. And it's gotten complicated. And when Obama's president, a bunch of Democrats are defending certain things that now we would not defend, and Republicans are doing the same in our Republican administrations, but this is as basic and core to the Constitution as it gets. If the President can decide what to spend or not to spend based on what Congress has passed, the Congress is no longer determining how the money is spent. The President is, that is one of the core dangers. That is one of the core reasons we have a constitution. And I I agree with you, like my concern too is that they're gonna obliterate that they're gonna the bash through a court ruling at some point.


I think the question is like, how long do we hold that off? Right? Four years ago, what Elon Musk is doing, impossible to imagine eight years ago, impossible to imagine four years from now, I have no idea. And it's also important that like this isn't just about, you know, norms and institutions and theories of government and, and all that, which is, are incredible dangerous threats to the sys to the system of democracy. But like, this is just causing needless suffering and death. Because again, if they, and you know, what they're gonna do is they're gonna I'm sure come out with, you know, programs and spending at U-S-A-I-D that seem ridiculous or wasteful. They already have. Yeah. Again, there's probably plenty of that. Tons, right? Tons. And no one is saying we shouldn't go through the federal budget and go through the federal government and eliminate wasteful spending and, and, and try to find more efficiencies.


But pausing it the way they did, cutting it off immediately. Like, people, children, a lot of children are gonna die because they, they can't get the medication they need in other countries. For what? For nothing. We're not gonna save money for this. This is, you heard from Brittany, this is money that was already out the door. This isn't new money, so no one's saving. This is just, it's just, you know, there's, I think there was guards, prison guards that were guarding isis, ISIS Prisoners Yeah. In Syria. They just had to walk off the job. Well, They weren't, they didn't know if they should show up for work. So some of them didn't. There's, there's U-S-A-I-D people in dangerous areas around the world that now can't get access to, to help if they need it. All kinds of health, you know, programs we're funding around the world that are just gonna just lead to more suffering and death.


I mean, it's fucking ridiculous. It's inexcusable. I also think like there's this lack of clarity now about whether some parts of U-S-A-I-D funding has been unfrozen. Like Rubio said that Secretary Rubio said that lifesaving assistance like medicine, medical service, food and shelter would be exempted from the A aid freeze. But no one really knows what that means. Yeah. And I think that's kind of the point because this uncertainty has just upended everything USA idea is doing. And, and I think, honestly, I think talking about this as a freeze is probably a mistake. I have zero confidence that the vast majority of this funding or these programs will be turned back on. And I think that, well, by the way, Rubio used to be a big defender of U-S-A-I-D funding.


He said it was critical for our national security, and now he's totally flip flopped. But let's just say that something you're working on is paused for 90 days. If you're a contractor working for U-S-A-I-D in like Kenya or Ukraine or Southeast Asia, you don't have 90 days worth of savings to just sit on to like, see if your job is around in three months, like you're gonna go do something else. And it's going to like completely cripple all this work that, that, you know, has taken decades to set up this infrastructure, these contractors, these networks of people in these countries. And to your point, I mean, if you're getting antiretrovirals through PEPFAR and you stop, you're gonna die. And again, that's just how it's, and I, and I get the domestic politics on all this.


I get that no one likes foreign aid or not a lot. Most Americans don't like foreign aid. And you tell people it's like 0.7% of the whole budget and that still doesn't matter. Well, they think it's 10% is the big problem. Yeah, that is a big problem. But I do think if you, I think for most Americans, you tell them, Hey, this kid showed up at a clinic today, like they have every day for, you know, once a month to go get some, some medicine and now it shut down and now this kid could die. Like for what, when what, for what purpose? So that Elon can post about like vile communists, Marxists. It's, there's a, there's like a, a way in which their kind of base incompetence and then their kind of like viciousness work together here, which is they didn't know or care very much about what U-S-A-I-D did.


They didn't care very much or know very much about what PEPFAR did before. They have an ideological set of assumptions about, about non, about nonprofit work, about foreign aid that it's all bullshit. Right? They like internalized a bunch of that. But I wonder if you, if Elon Musk knew that U-S-A-I-D played such a big role in fighting apartheid in South Africa. Well, I mean, But, but, but the only, the only just the point that I'm only making is that like the way in which these things work together is that they're so fucking careless. They're so, and like I've they're just careless people. Yeah. It's so, it's a, it's a glib carelessness that is just like, it's beneath contempt and the stakes are so high and we're just, yes, there are many ideological kind of warriors, but a lot of the people at the top of this are just capricious glib fools that don't understand that they, they just don't care that they're playing with matches.


I I but in some instances it's worse than that. It's, it's, they are folding this into their preconceived ideological anger and they've decided that U-S-A-I-D funded programs that led to gain of function research that led to covid, you know, this is all kind of getting folded into like prosecute Fauci madness. And it's like, you know, Elon Musk retweeting at Wall Street Apes, which is his source on someone found some 40 million taxpayer funding that went to some scientist in Wuhan. And it's just like, I don't know, a apparently this is all just part of a conspiracy theory about how the lab leak was on purpose from, you know, thanks to Fauci funding from U-S-A-I-D-I guess that's the new theory of the case here.


And again, you have the richest man in the world with the, one of the biggest platforms now, one of the most powerful people in government, just accusing entire organizations of being criminal enterprises. And you can see the slippery slope, right? Like you can see where now, you know, Pam Bondi and K Patel get in there and they start processing, well this is criminal activity. We're gonna investigate it. Like this is, this is how it goes unless anyone think this is just about foreign aid. The Trump administration also pushed out the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Rohit Chopra, and ordered the agency to stop all investigations and enforcement actions against banks and payday lenders and credit card companies. They have saved just consumers billions and billions and billions of dollars in refunds.


And they've got to consumers, it's a great agency. Agency Ible, this is, there is no simpler like the delta between what Republicans claim that CFPB is and what CFPB is. That is one of the biggest and starkest gaps in politics is an agency that has such a singular simple purpose, which is to go after big corporations that are defrauding and fucking over consumers and getting them money back. It it is being punished because it, well it's being punished in part because it was originally Elizabeth Warren's idea that's its original sin, but it is so fucking effective. It is such good government. They, they, they put, they put Mick Mulvaney in there the first term to try to destroy it. Biden was able to put in Rohit who did an amazing job and now they're gonna try to destroy it again.


Yeah. And as Tommy mentioned, wall Street Journal reports and now the Washington Post, the Trump and Elon are, are preparing an executive order to try to shut down the entire department of education. This was a campaign promise from Trump. They acknowledge in the order that they can't shut the entire thing down by executive order. They wanna go to Congress to do it, but they wanna move some of the functions out of the Department of Education. Of course, you know, most schools are funded by local and state taxes. But you know, for poor schools get a lot of Title one funding from the Department of Education, all of student financial aid. The federal financial aid program is run outta the Department of Education. Students with disabilities are funded through the Department of Education. It goes on and on and on.


New York Times reports that more than 8,000 federal government webpages have been taken down, including thousands of research papers that were available on the CDC website, informational IRS videos about how to avoid tax penalties and the state level hate crimes data on the Justice Department website. Speaking of which, an ongoing purge at the DOJ and FBI Trump is firing any prosecutors or FBI agents that had anything to do with any of the criminal investigations that led to his indictments. Well In fairness, that's because they were also incredibly ineffective. Gotta get some good prosecutors in that can, can get a fucking conviction and get 'em, get 'em in jail. If the FBI employees were given until 3:00 PM Eastern time on Monday to fill out a questionnaire about whether they were involved in any way in investigations into January 6th.


I did. That's such a funny trap to sit, I know for prosecutors, like, Hmm, Should I fire you? Yeah, Y or N Yeah. The FBI has estimated that the number of people who were agents and staff could be about 6,000. This comes after DOJ fired about 12 prosecutors in DC who had been brought on to investigate January 6th cases. And most of those 6,000 are like so tangential. Yes. It's like people who got random leads who passed along information or were part of a wiretap or God knows what. And by the way, that's the real concern is that so many of these people working, or like career officials who've been at DOJ or the FBI for decades, some of them ha are very senior people with like counterintelligence experience and they're, and they're going after national security threats and they've been working all these cases and now they're just gonna be gone.


Or they Were just assigned a case and they don't have a, you don't have a choice, Right. Seasoned prosecutors who you're, they're seasoned, pro seasoned prosecutors who have no reason to be fired. And it's not as though America's short on white collar crimes to prosecute. So it's fucking terrible. So I mean, you talked about the unitary executive theory. You know, JD Vance tweeted today, you know, look, unelected bureaucrats should not be resisting the president of the United States. They work for him, he gets to staff his government with who he wants and then he is answerable to the people. So the people like the Trump and Trump gets to have the entire government he wants. So everyone else should just shut the fuck up, basically.


Why is that wrong? You know, I was thinking about this earlier, which is the, that we are watching these guys make these kind of simple arguments against these like hard won institutional protections, right? Some of which are imposed by Congress. Some are just norms that evolved over decades if not centuries. And a lot of those norms, institutions, processes that are designed to constrain executive were put in place in the kind of like long before the internet and they were put in place when you had a kind of like elite bipartisan set of actors that didn't feel like they had that, that that kind of established this order long ago.


And, and it's sort of been in place in a way that was like never really defended, right? We took no one really making the argument for why the DOJ is separate from the presidency and why that's a good idea and why that's important. There's no real, there hasn't been a real kind of, I don't know, like legal broad based kind of public legal argument against originalism and like kind of the values of the, kind of what we've learned about constitutional governance over the last 200 years. But what we do have is just example after example, after example of why we put these restrictions in place. And they were meant to stop presidents from abusing power. The reason we have bureaucrats who are not accountable to the president and can't be fired by the president is because of the spoil system.


And because when the government was filled with cronies, it didn't fucking work and it was a corrupt bargain. Why is the DOJ separate from the White House? Because the presidency is too powerful. And when DOG isn't separate from the White House, it means the president is not accountable to law. There's an answer to everyone one of these questions, but you know, it's like we're, we're, they're, they're relying on the fact that we're like fighting these guys in every fucking front and they can just spout off and say, make these sort of claims to the power of the people. Well, we're left kind of falling behind. Well actually there's a good reason, you know, R-F-K-R-F-K was actually Attorney General. I'm, I'm so sick of this. This is what people voted for. Line. Like no, no one voted to give Elon Musk a line item veto for the entire federal government. And like the voting for Donald Trump doesn't mean we get rid of basic civil service protections for government employees.


Those are in place to ensure merit-based employment to ensure that political influence isn't dictating every single person who is hired or fired. That there isn't discrimination or arbitrary actions. They have collective bargaining rights, there's whistleblower protections, there's all sorts of workers' rights. They don't go away 'cause Donald Trump gets elected president. I do, I do think that, you know, people don't necessarily love bureaucrats. Even the name has a connotation that's not too positive. Yeah. And I don't think like, you know, even during the campaign we didn't want to talk a lot about Schedule F and how we wanted to replace all of the government workers with loyalists. 'cause we knew that wouldn't, wouldn't really pop in the polls.


And I, I think that as he's doing all this, you know, those of us who are paying attention are rightly freaked out. I think what's gonna have to happen is adverse consequences from having a government completely gutted and really good professional people who've been there forever and not there. And like when something happens, it's gonna have to be like, well Donald Trump, it's your government. You and JD Vance said, it's your people. You get to pick who you want. You're running the whole thing. You don't have the deep state to blame anymore. So it's your fucking fault. Yeah. They have to, and I don't know, I don't know what else to, Yeah, I, there's just, there's just like, I, I don't know what the equity is, and just a defense of the annoying, difficult, hard work of like, democratic governance and like, you know, I, I, I think about like, just the, the prospect of the trade war, and it's like, it's not good tv, right?


Like the, the, like, the difficult work of the diplomacy behind the scenes to gain concessions without threatening your partners and without creating a scandal. Like, it's just, it's just not good tv and like a lot of demo, it's, You're not sticking around for the readout of the buyout, Right? It was just like democracy hasn't, like, what Trump figured out is that democracy isn't good tv. And like, I, I, I like it's incumbent on, on us to figure out how to make it more like good tv. But it's hard. It's hard. Maybe, maybe next Democrat should try to take over Greenland. You know,


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter according to research. A major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well, if you're an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter's Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time, more money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. We love ZipRecruiter. We've used it at Crooked for years now. It's very helpful. If you have been in the business of hiring people, you know how difficult hiring can be and ZipRecruiter just makes it that much easier. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself, just go to ziprecruiter.com/crooked right now to try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger at picture, perfect sunset. Or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Oh, that's nice. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire.


Speaking of Trump, getting to do whatever he wants. One more mad king move I want to talk about here. That was just drove me crazy. So Trump apparently ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to begin releasing water from two reservoirs in California's Central Valley because he mistakenly believes the water from the Central Valley will flow three hours south to Los Angeles. I Think people, I think people 'cause because South is down. Yeah, it is gravity. It's gravity will take it down. I think south is fucking down. Yeah, I Guess, I guess what's supposed to, you're supposed to release the re the water from the reservoirs up there, and then it'll flow right into the hydrants and the Palisades. Right? That's how it's gonna happen. Is The word valley doing nothing for him? So he mistakenly leaves, it will flow down here to Los Angeles helping us put out fires that are now a hundred percent contained in advance of an atmospheric river event that's predicted to dump 10 feet of snow and up to 20 inches of rain in the area this week of the Central Valley where he, where he just dumped out all that water.


According to the Washington Post, Trump released enough water to supply as many as 7,000 households for a year. And now that water won't be available to Central Valley farmers who really need it to irrigate the fields. Later this year. Trump talked about this quote, long fought victory at the White House on Monday. Let's listen. All We're doing is giving Los Angeles and the entire state of California virtually unlimited water, which they could have done five years ago, which I told them they should do. But the environmentalist stopped him and we opened it and we did it regardless of the state. And now the state seems to be very happy. I spoke with Gavin new Newsom, and he, he's very happy.


I almost called him by the other night. My little Nickname for him stopped. It's, he's being very presidential this morning. Yeah. Just gonna go on a limb here and say that I don't think Gavin Newsom was probably too happy about this. It's so stupid. What The fuck? I I don't just, he makes up a problem and he solves a problem. He's, we're gonna be living with that over and over again, but he doesn't care about the, like, apparently, was it Padilla who was saying that he wanted to open it up even further in a way that was extremely dangerous? Yeah. No, they, he, he, he wanted them to release a ton. They only gave the local officials hours notice. Usually when you do releases like that, you prepare for with local officials and farmers and everyone else from eight days to make sure there's no flooding.


So they almost had to just open it up and cause a whole bunch of flooding. And then finally last minute, they were like, can we just do a little less, sir? Because it's very young, because this is just for your fucking adult mind about water has nothing to do with anything. It's very Stalin being like, well, how we'll double the wheat if we plant all the wheat much closer together? You know, It's so fucking dumb. Ah, so fucking dumb. Yeah. So the question again becomes, what are the Democrats up to? The good news is we're getting some signs of life from the opposition party. Democrats elected a new DNC chair over the weekend. We, of course, were supporting Ben Wickler. But a big congrats to Ken Martin, who we also interviewed and are very much rooting for.


He's my enemy. He's John's enemy. On Monday house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries laid out a 10 part plan to fight back against Trump. That includes using the march deadline to fund the government and lift the debt ceiling is leverage. Stay tuned for that. Our pal Brian shots, Senator from Hawaii says that he's placing a hold on all of Trump's State Department nominees until U-S-A-I-D is open and functioning again. And just a, a ton of congressional democrats actually held a press conference outside U-S-A-I-D after trying to enter the building themselves. Spoiler alert, they were not allowed in. What do You our, our sweet little insurrectionist? Oh, look at you guys doing your little direction. So sweet, sweet little Democrats.


Knock, knock, knock. What do you guys think Democrats, are Democrat's doing enough? Are they making the right moves? What else could they be doing? What, what's our latest, what's our latest feeling on this? I didn't love the U-S-A-I-D press conference setting. The reason being, as we just discussed, Republicans are about to find a bunch of examples of U-S-A-I-D programs that seem silly even to us or seem like a bad use of money. And if the shorthand is Democrats defend U-S-A-I-D while the White House Bully pulpit and Elon's Twitter amplifies all these bad things about U-S-A-I-D, I don't think that's a winner. I think I, I want them to focus in on the Elon piece of this right now, because I do think, like he, it's genuinely scary.


It's a, he's a nefarious new element to Trump 2.0 that is newsworthy and he's the shiny object right now. And reporters wanna cover it and everyone knows who he is and wanna know what's going on. And there's been some recent polling that shows that Elon's favorable ratings are underwater or something comes on cases by like 16 points. And I think Democrats should drive a wedge in between Elon and Trump and drive both their unfavorables up by talking about why an unelected billionaire is just kind of combing through the government books and doing whatever the hell he wants. Like that is a weird, crazy interesting story that no one is gonna like. And I think it'll get covered. And like, I'm good for Brian shots for Block and all these State Department employee nominations.


I think that's great. Hakim, Jeff, 10 point Plan has some good stuff in there. I read through it all, but I, I learned about it when I read the outline for this episode. So I don't know that it's broken through. I know a lot of it is like planning for down the road, but I don't know. I would focus on the Elon piece right now and just go, go hard. So Bernie Sanders put out a video over the weekend that I really liked. It was everything you want out of Bernie Sanders. And I think like, speaks to his sort of moral leadership. He just, it's just a camera. It's like, this is a very dangerous time. The three things we gotta do. One, we gotta accurately describe what's happening. Two, we need to find the short term, and three, we need to find the long term. And in the short term, I think he was talking about what Tommy was talking about.


I think there's a, and the importance of fighting Trump wherever we can. Ezra Klein made this point about sort of also just not taking Trump at his, at his word, right? Like when he claims certain authorities, we shouldn't concede to it. Trump today. He's trying to be scary and powerful. Yeah, that's what he wants. He wants everyone to see him as a strong man. Trump today announced a sovereign wealth fund. He can't do that. He does not have the authority to create a, a sovereign wealth fund. And we shouldn't lend him, we shouldn't do what we're afraid what, what legacy media companies are doing or what judges might be doing. Which is because we assume Trump will break the rules to not uphold the rules, right? We should just uphold the rules. And, and then three, what what Bernie talked about was building this long-term political power and making an argument for a positive vision.


And look, I don't think it's revelatory, but just the, the kind of clean, simple to the point, direct way, talked about it, how serious this moment is, how dangerous it is without dujon, without kind of theatrics, but just to camera explaining it, I thought was really powerful. I, along with you guys have yelled about Democrats and needing to do more on this very show. Still think, we haven't quite found our footing just yet, but I do think just seeing a lot of people on Twitter and Blue Sky, you gotta check the skeets too, these days. I do not over over the weekend. There's just, there's a lot of anger at the elected Democrats and I just, I think we should level set on what, how much power Democrats have right now, which is almost none.


And that is just a consequence of the election. And we probably have less power now as a party than we have anytime I can remember, because Trump's got the courts, he's got the executive branch, he's got billionaires all around him. They all own media platforms. Like they have, they got Congress, they have a lot of power. And Democrats can yell and scream. And you know, Tommy, I had the same thought about the U-S-A-I-D press conference because of the politics. But then I started thinking to myself, you know what? We told 'em to go fight. They're out there fighting. It's, it's, it's an election's not in a couple months. Like, let 'em do it for today. They'll, you know, they'll get used to it. And then maybe they'll go to the Department of Education next.


Maybe they'll go to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau next and they'll find more politically popular things to yell about. But I, I glad to see them do it. And, you know, shots is gonna hold up these nominees, but everyone should realize with that too, like, that's gonna eat up a lot of floor time and it's gonna slow things down, which is great. But John TH's gonna be able to get those nominees through, like, Democrats don't have the power. We have the power to slow things down in Congress. We don't have the power to stop a lot of things. We just don't. And I think everyone should realize that. And you know, as we criticize Democrats rightly for a lame tweet here or a lame speech there or whatever else, we should just know that, you know, everyone should be suing the Trump administration on everything.


The democratic ag should be out there. We should take 'em to court on everything. That's a lever that we can pull, we can do everyth. I I do think like we we're gonna have some leverage on funding and the debt ceiling because Mike Johnson is going to need democratic votes on those things. They're not gonna be able to get Chip Roy and all the Republicans to get together and vote to raise the debt ceiling and vote to this. So like that is a choke point for us. But there's not a lot more, there's just not a lot more. We have to win, we have to win elections again, guys. Yeah. The the, the part that I'm like questioning that I find myself like feeling like unsure about is, you know, don't get distracted by U-S-A-I-D. We gotta talk about the impact of terrorists and don't get distracted by the impact of terrorists.


We gotta talk about the oligarchs and don't talk about the oligarchs because we've gotta talk about the price of eggs. And I, like, I, I then, and then I turn on the television and there's Trump every day for a couple hours a day just hitting whatever he is gonna gonna hit. Just talking about it all. Talking about it all. And you know, Trump declared that he was gonna create a sovereign wealth fund, I mentioned. Right? It is not, it is barely news. It's barely news. It's a big fucking deal. It's a big deal that the Trump is, it's not a bad idea either. I mean, well, I, I I think it's a bad idea to, to have a, to have Trump have Trump basically create a kind of an administrative led investment vehicle. I don't want him to have a slush Fund. But if the United States having a sovereign wealth fund, it's like It's worth, it's a conversation worth having.


How else are we gonna buy our Chinese spyware app? That's Right. Sure. Well, I, I don't, I, listen, I would rather put the money back in the hands of the American people, but that's just me. But the but, but like all, all, it's a way of saying like, maybe, maybe even that is kind of overthinking at this point and like fight everything everywhere, right? You wanna fight U-S-A-A-A fight USAD take some reps. Yeah, just get Out there and get out there and take some reps and, you know, I want them to show passion. It was funny 'cause like a lot of people are making fun of Chuck Schumer. 'cause he had this series of tweets over the weekend where he was like, you're gonna watch the Super Bowl next weekend and beer's gonna be more expensive. You're gonna be trying to buy avocados and those are gonna be more expensive. And like, those were his tweets and everyone's like, there's a fucking emergency Elon's breaking into USID. What are you doing? And I'm like, yeah, Chuck Schumer's tweet tweets are dumb.


There's an expectations management problem for, But if like, but if Chuck Schumer's tweets were amazing, what would that have done? Well, there's a Funny moment where Schumer gave friends comedy. He's like, I've never seen people more aroused than they are right now. And everyone's like, ah, no, he's saying they're aroused. It's like, who cares? That's how Chuck Schumer talks. What's the Difference? We played that on Pod Save America. It was really funny. Yeah, I don't, I think we can critique It. We can make fun of that. No, for sure. I'm not, But it's just sort of like Arousal. They're also not gonna be become different people. Chuck Schumer is gonna be a, a senior citizen Jewish New Yorker out there talking about whatever he is gonna talk about the way he is been talking about it for 50 fucking years. Look, we need them to look, they need to step up like good to do a press conference today. They've been slow. There's all these reports of like the democrats, the congressional democrats doing a conference call to figure out their response as the news changes, right?


The OPM memo gets rescinded, whatever's like, be a little more nimble. Yeah. Take some shots. Don't worry about the, the words being perfect. Make sure you try to get it to the people who need to hear it. Maybe don't use the word aroused, maybe don't defend the most unpopular spending we do and defend some of the popular spending. But look Yeah. Points for fighting, I guess. Yeah, agree. Yeah. I totally agree with all of that. And I just, I just want everyone to know like there is, even if the Democratic party was perfect right? And fucking nailed it every single day, there is a limit to what we can stop right now because we fucking lost the election and we're gonna, and you know, but, and I say this because there's gonna be, people are like, oh, now Democrats are just gonna tell us to vote for them in 2026.


Yeah, yeah. We are. Because that's the only way to, to stop legislation from happening. I took Twitter off my phone again. I think it was good. I think it's good not to have that on my phone. Yeah, you don't wanna get into the skeets. I I'm not, I can't, I can't do it. I can't, I can't take it anymore. I do think everyone really needs to keep an eye on these media lawsuit settlements with Trump. Yes. It's not just a, b, c and their defamation suit. It's not just Facebook and their $25 million, you call it whatever you want to Trump. And to his library, there's reports that CBS might settle a suit that didn't even, which fucking involve, which Trump Crazy, crazy, the most ridiculous One. Great 60 Minutes interview with Kamala Harris that they edited like every news organization edits everything always.


And Paramount might settle that. And by the way, they happen to have a Paramount Skydance merger that's sitting before the Trump administration, but suggesting that those things are connected would be untoward. So I wouldn't do that. And It's like Larry Ellison just was in the, in the old office, Literally in the old office just for a huge happen mur. So if we see the biggest media organizations in the country and their corporate overlords preemptively caving to the Trump administration and settling lawsuits they could have won. That is a very scary signal about press coverage and fighting for the First Amendment right to cover the White House in the second administration. And we need to keep to keep an eye on that. Well, it's like you talk, you talk about like, you know, we need, we need to be nimble, we need to be out there like media who's good to hear.


Well, well there's that, but then there's also like, journalists themselves are struggling to cover all of this. And so now you have the president of United States who is lying and making shit up and completely misconstruing his various policy proposals on a daily basis. And if anybody covering him slips up for even one fucking second, he's gonna be the president suing these people into oblivion while they're, where their, where their parent companies have business for the government. It's, it's terrifying. Yeah. The media po point is really important also because sometimes I feel like all of us are having, you know, there's like a, a 500,000 of us that are all having a conversation about strategy with each other. And then there's like a country of 300 million people, most of whom are nothing, who are aren't paying attention and can barely get some of this information from new sources that are now under intense pressure.


And so, like one of the things we all have to think about is not just making sure that our other tweeters and other Democrats are saying the exact right message, but like, you know, getting it out there to more people. Gotta Put some kind of message at the bottom of the Costco samples. Gotta get creative people. We That idea we can And we can't shop at Costco. Yeah, we can still go to Costco. Gotta get messages into those rotisserie tickets. Get the into the chickens. Just say we've dealing with this guy for a decade in Trump's, like we gave $50 million to Hamas for condoms and then they used the condoms as bombs. It's completely made up. 'cause some dork over a Doge. She was 19 years old and has the Twitter handle big balls, 69, 4 20 misread a spreadsheet and didn't realize this funding was going to like Mozambique or something.


And then the response though is like, FactCheck order.org has Trump administration makes unsupported claim about 50 million for condoms to Gaza. It's like, oh my God. And then We're done. And then we're, and then we're like, what's breaking through? None of this is breaking through. And then I listened to Sarah Long Well's Focus, Not all those condoms, condom Bombs breaking through. Then I listened to Sarah Long Well's. You got It. Tommy, Sarah Long Well's Focus group this weekend. And she's got first time Trump voters Biden to Trump voters asking them how they're thinking about Trump. And they're all, like Tommy said earlier, like they're all, he's taking an action on stuff, takes action. And then Lucky Hamas', raw dogging again, well, promise made, promise kept No one of them. One of the People's Books where he's like, I haven't heard much, but I heard about these condoms that they're spending.


He's like, I'm glad they're cutting all that. The condoms for Hamas. That's crazy. And I'm like, oh, that fucking broke through. Of course it did. That broke through. Of course it did. Anyway, we got a Lot of work and to Twitter's successful that the Elon Fluffers are just out in force. They're everywhere. They're attacking everything Stuff. Yeah. No, I really thank, thank you Sequoia management partner. No, I know, I know. You know a lot about the federal government. You fucking asshole. All right. Deleted the app to downloaded the New York Times cooking app instead. That's Good. That's Good. Yeah. We may live in a fascist state, but I'm making Marry Me chicken. And you Know what, you're making it with ingredients. No tariffs. That's right. No Tariffs. Thank you Mr. Trump. You Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump. Alright, when we come back, Levit talks to the deputy director of the OMB and the Obama administration and Director of the National Economic Council under Joe Biden, Brian Deese.


And just so Y Allall know, we talked in between the Mexican tariffs being paused and the Canadian tariffs being paused. But we talked about it both as a negotiating tactic and what it might look like if these tariffs are ultimately implemented, including the, the Chinese tariffs, which as of this recording are still, we believe going into effect.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid, but what if we focus more on looking for green flags in friends and partners? If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. Therapy is great. If you haven't benefited from therapy, you should give it a try. I I do therapy. I didn't do it most of my life. Done it for the last couple years and it makes such a big difference. You can sit, you talk to someone, it helps just have someone sit there and listen. Who's not gonna judge you, who doesn't know you. It's, it's really useful. So Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists at any time at no extra cost. Discover your relationship, green Flags with better help. Visit better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/psa.


Joining us today for a quick and dirty breakdown of Trump's trade war. He's the former Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Director of the National Economic Council under President Biden. Brian Dees, welcome back to the pod. Thanks For having me. As of this recording Monday afternoon, 25% tariffs are set to go into effect against a broad range of Canadian imports, with the exception of a 10% tariff on Canadian oil. Though there are last minute negotiations that could push this off another month, there will also be a 10% tariff on Chinese imports. Trump and Mexican President Claudia Scheinbaum negotiated a deal to delay terrorists by at least a month against Mexico, with Mexico promising to send more troops to southern border and shine bound securing some sort of a promise over guns flowing south from the United States into Mexico.


Let's start with this. I woke up this morning and I just opened my phone and I just checked the Dow, I don't, I don't live my life yoked, what the Dow does, but I was like, are we in an economic crisis or not? And what I saw was that the markets dipped a little bit and then upon the news that Trump had this deal with Shine Baum, they went back up. Does that tell you that there is still a kind of belief that Trump is just negotiating that even as we're recording this, he's threatening these massive and terrible tariffs, but is ultimately just in some way negotiating? Look, I think a lot of the market reaction Can be explained by exactly that, which is initially the market thought he wasn't serious and he wouldn't do this. And then the market thought, well, he will threaten these tariffs, but he won't actually put them into effect.


And now I think there is still a belief that he may put them into effect, but they'll only be in effect for a short period of time because this is negotiating. All of that is to say though, the right way to think about the impact is not what happens to the Dow today. It's what happens to the prices that people pay on typical things for no apparent reason. The Wall Street Journal called this the dumbest trade war in history. And it's one of the few times I think that the Wall Street Journal actually understated it. This is all self-imposed. And so even if the impact is only for a short period of time or only muted, we're still, the end result is people are paying more for no apparent reason. So let's talk about what the impact could be.


Again, these tariffs against Canada may go in effect tomorrow. They may not, but if they did, some estimates found that they could cost a typical household about $2,600, but that's an average. It'll affect certain goods more than other goods. And because of the unique interdependence of Canada in the United States, it would affect some parts of the country more than others. What do you think the, there i, I wanna just divide it half first. What would be the biggest price impacts? And then I wanna talk about the broader economic impact. Sure. So started the price impacts on the, the goods that we rely most on a Canada and Mexico for. So fruits and vegetables, super bowl time, avocados, most of our fruits and vegetables we import from Mexico.


The price of those things is gonna go up by about 25% gas at the pump. There are certain regions of the country, particularly the Midwest, that rely on imported petroleum products from Canada. Most estimates are that you'd see a 50 cent increase in gas in the Midwest, probably more, more like 25 cents across the country, but it could be, it could be higher in particular places. And then the kind of typical goods that you see walking down a target aisle or a, a Walmart aisle. So iPhones, toasters, consumer electronics are all gonna go up by, in the ballpark of 25% because when a tariff is applied, it's not just that the importer pays the tariff, it's that the competitors then raise their prices to, to match those.


And so the consumer ends up paying most of that. So in terms of practical and practically, most of what you buy, if you're walking down the grocery store or you're walking through a Target or Walmart, the prices are gonna go up. The first order impact is typical consumers pay more on things like groceries and gas and consumer electronics. The second order impact is if that actually gets washed away by a stronger dollar, then it hurts American manufacturers, which is why I saw, I saw a cartoon trying to say, what is Trump actually doing where Trump was pissing into a fan and it was spitting all back into his face. And I usually, that's sort of evocative, but actually I think that's not an unreasonable way of thinking about what's going on here.


It's hard to avoid this coming back in and being self-defeating in some way or shape or form. So then what could be the job impact? So that's the kind of the consumer price impacts, but there's a lot of interdependence between, so some of the goods that could be tariffs are products that are brought down into the US to be part of domestic manufacturing here. Who are people who, what jobs are at risk because of this, of these tariffs? Look, the place I'm most worried about is the auto industry because the auto industry is incredibly dependent on the interrelationship with Canada and Mexico. A lot of the, the, the parts that go into making a car are produced in Canada and they go back and forth over the border. Anyone who lives in Michigan or has been up in Detroit, the Windsor Bridge, you know, the, the, our auto industry is essentially one industry that operates across a border.


So to build a, you know, to build a typical, if GM is building a typical car, parts might go back and forth across that border 5, 6, 7 different times. And so the industry right now is really freaking out and saying, we've never had to grapple with the question of is it part gonna be tariffed steering wheel gonna be tariffed four or five different times it goes across the border. How is this gonna work? And by the way, if Canada retaliates and starts to cut off access to parts, that's gonna have a broader cascading impact on our company's ability to actually produce vehicles in the first place. In the previous Trump term, there was a lot of big talk on imposing these kinds of broad tariffs, but he ultimately did a set of targeted or more targeted tariffs.


The Biden administration actually left some of those tariffs in place and then imposed a bunch on their own. There was a tariff on electric cars, batteries, certain metals, certain minerals, even certain kinds of cranes. Can you talk about the difference in the logic between the Biden administration's approach, the tariffs and the Trump administration's approach The tariffs? Yeah. To shorthand it. It's a difference between strategic and stupid. So there is, there, there is a real rationale and economic and national security rationale to use tariffs if other countries are explicitly either illegally or unfairly contorting their own industry in an effort to try to undermine American industry in areas where we have a strategic strategic stake, things where we need components that go into building planes and tanks that support our middle military things like critical minerals that are actually strategic and China could have a stranglehold on different supply chains in those areas, you can actually see a country like China is actually taking a legal action to try to subsidize its industry in a way that could then undercut us industry.


It makes a lot of sense to actually step in and say, no, we're going to make sure that the US industry has a way to actually build and scale its own capabilities. But to put the strategic versus stupid in, in in context, the total amount of goods that the Biden administration put tariffs on. These strategic tariffs was about $18 billion. You compare that to what's on the table right now with Trump, $1.4 trillion. So it's, you know, people say it's a difference between a scalpel and a sledgehammer. This is like a scalpel versus like a whole army versus sledgehammers just hitting anything that you could possibly hit. And so even to give the, the first Trump administration some credit under, you know, Bob Lighthizer and others, the ultimate approach they took to China was more calibrated.


It wasn't across the board, it didn't hit everything. It exempted consumer goods. This approach is literally saying, we'll just put a tariff on anything, even if the end result is you're pissing into a fan, it's all coming back. There's just, there's not a strategic rationale behind the approach. So Trump bullies Columbia, he gets a quick win. The damage to our reputation as a safe and reliable trading partner takes a hit. But that's like very hard to measure. Trump is now obviously he's threatening Canada, he's threatening China, he's threatening Mexico. He's also today was talking about the European Union. What happens if the US tries to fight these different trade wars on multiple fronts and how could not just one country independently, but how could countries together respond in a way that harms our economy, that har harms our, our influence on the world stage.


So we benefit when countries believe that when we say something, we're going to do it. And that's a little bit of the problem with this strategy of constantly threatening everybody with tariffs, right? Is either one of two things happens. One, you threaten it and then pull it back. It seems like what's happened with shine bomb even today, the the 25% tariff is not going to go into effect today with Mexico, but maybe it will go into effect a a month from now. You do that enough times and people start to question whether the United States will actually do what it says or you follow through. And the bullying tactic causes other people to recognize, well, if you're gonna bully us, we're gonna go and find other friends.


We're gonna go and not rely on the United States anymore. And it across time, what that means is when it comes to security partnerships, when it comes to economic partnerships, countries just aren't gonna be as willing or set a higher price to actually partner with, with the us. And look, at the end of the day, we should be prepared to stand up more aggressively when countries are cheating and breaking the rules. And a lot of that is really a story about China. And we should be more aggressive in saying China uses all of its tools of economic statecraft to actually flood markets like steel in the US to undercut our capacity.


We should be more vocal about that. We shouldn't be apologized for saying we're gonna stand up for American disinterest. The challenge is when you're doing that on multiple fronts and not distinguishing between a country like China where you can identify multiple instances where they're doing this and Canada where it's really hard to put like a sentence, let alone a paragraph together of saying what is it that we're actually so concerned about or, or afraid about in that context, you know, when the US stops differentiating between this then we're, you know, you start to put us in a position where we're not gonna have many friends or allies around the world. Is there any part of you that sees how Trump is kind of wielding America's economic power and think obviously this is dangerous, this is reckless, this is careless, but there are ways in which Democrats were not as aggressive as they should have been that President Biden wasn't as aggressive as he should have been.


Like is there a, is there some middle distance between Trump's kind of careless and stupid wielding of America's power and our kind of de not in just Democrats, but a bipartisan consensus that's been kind of a little bit more deferential and a little bit more built around consensus? Yeah, look, in the first instance, I don't think we should denigrate a number of the goals that President Trump and his team are putting forward. They're talking about wanting to have more, you know, sustained strong economic growth in this country. We should be shooting for that. My concern is not that goal, it's just I don't think that the policies are gonna get us there. He wants, he's talking about building manufacturing capacity, industrial capacity here in the us right Goal, the qual the question is, is any of this actually going to get there? So I think we should be, we should be quite clear about saying these are goals that we share.


The question is how do we get there? And yes, I think that there are a number of places where we need to ask ourselves really hard questions about are we using the tools we have to stand up as aggressively as we can for the interests of American workers, American consumers, and where our economy is gonna go over the medium term. But I also think we have to maintain this view that there, that there is smart and stupid here, right? Yeah. There is a a a line between saying, just because we have a tool, we are gonna, you know, bang away at it versus, you know what, like putting more costs on typical consumers right now at the grocery store and the gas pump is just not a good idea.


And so we're gonna, you know, we're, we're, we're gonna stand up and say we could, we could be using these tools more aggressively, but to the end of actually, for example, having an auto industry that actually gets competitive again and that actually competes with China. That would be a goal worth actually fighting for. That would be a goal worth using our tools more effectively. For Before we let you go, you were the deputy director of OMB, Elon Musk has basically helped lead a hostile takeover. OMB was a source of that federal funding freeze memo that sewed a bunch of chaos last week. What is your reaction to what's happening at OMB and what is the power that OMB has if it is not restrained by either deference to political impact or deference to other agencies?


So the, the power that OMB has within the executive breach and under the constitution is quite limited. Congress is responsible for appropriating money and the executive branch must follow the laws that Congress passes very point, point and OB. Yeah, exactly. But well, but, well, but I think we're gonna come back to this, which is, and OMB is responsible for them executing those strategies on behalf of the executive branches that were appropriated funds. And yes, I hear what you're saying is quaint, but at the same time, ultimately I think what we saw with the funding freeze is where this is going, which is not withstanding some of the bluster.


It is, it is actually the case that legally the executive branch cannot both spend money that Congress has not appropriated and it can't fail to spend money when Congress has said. So. I think we're gonna have a big, we're gonna have a set of fights on this and this is going to get, some of this is gonna get hashed out on the courts. But look, I think having worked at OMB and having felt the constraints of, of the fact that, you know, you can't violate the, the Anti Deficiency Act or the Impoundment Act E even if there may be some impulse at some point to say, boy, it would be great if we could stop that. I think that, you know, I, I am, I am, I am I believe that congress is going to step in because one of the few roles that Congress actually cherishes in this context is they do have the power of the purse and without that it change is fundamentally, you know, some, some pretty big tenants of our constitutional system.


Yeah. Said like a guy that didn't move a sofa bed into OMB to go hardcore. For the record, we worked a lot of nights and weekends at, at at OMB through the financial crisis and government shutdowns and the like. There are, there are extraordinarily talented professionals who, who I certainly worked hand in hand with over the weekend many times during my government service. If you were hoping Democrats were out there saying one thing about the tariffs, about the trade war, what would that one thing be? Why would we want consumers to pay more at the gas bump and more at the grocery store and more for their iPhones and their consumer electronics when we are not achieving anything as a country? Brian de so good to see you. Thanks for doing this.


And I know you worked hard. I I, I worked with you at the time, I worked with you when you were not in that role, but when you were at NEC and you were always, you always were so tired looking, God, you always looked exhausted. That old nickname nights and weekends. Love it. I think that's what we called you. All right, this is, this interview's over Before we go, two quick things.


Love it or leave it has some great shows coming up. I hear this week. Love it will be at the dynasty typewriter in LA with great guests including Andy Richter, Paula Poundstone and Jason Isaacs. Hell yeah. That's a, that's a big lineup. That's a, that big line. That's a great episode. Solid Man tickets get go get 'em at cricket.com/events. And if you can't make it, you know, Saturday morning you can listen to love or leave it no big deal.


Also Vote Save America this month is making donations as part of their anxiety relief program to black led organizations and candidates of color helping them gain ground at the state and local level. Candidates like Janelle Bynum are Oregon's first black member of Congress who won her district by less than 12,000 votes in 2024 Whoof 12,000 votes. And is she's great. She's a great lowly Guest and she's in a must win reelection bed that could determine whether Democrats take back the house in 2026. We would love it if you would consider joining the Anxiety Relief program. You can set up a recurring donation at any amount that feels right for you and Vote Save America will send it to candidates and campaigns that need it most without you having to worry about making those choices. Go to vote save america.com/donate to donate now. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. Vote save america.com. Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


Janelle Bynum has a couple McDonald's franchises. Really, it's an interesting fact about her. That's cool. Well, that's our show for today. Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday. Talk to everybody then. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Naomi Sal is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Pal Aviv and David Tolls. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.