
Here's to the paper pushers, the Rush Hour Warriors and the gotta getaways Trade, the Daily Grind for a place to unwind where you can rise with the tide and roll down the boardwalk where you can eat french fries for lunch and ice cream for dinner. Where your only commute is your walk to the beach where every day feels like Saturday, ocean City, Maryland, somewhere to smile about. Book your tread atoc ocean.com.


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of


Welcome to Pod. Save America. I'm Jon Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. I'm Tommy er. On today's show, the Republican Convention wraps up its second night with a parade of former Trump critics and opponents bending the knee to their maga God Trump tries to get RFK Junior's endorsement with some anti-vax pandering in a leaked video of the two men chatting. The Trump campaign now thinks they can put states like New Jersey and Maine in play in the effort to convince Joe Biden to step aside appears to be coming back to life in response to the DNC's plan to officially nominate the president as early as next week. But let's start with day two at the Republican Convention where the theme was making people afraid of immigrants and making former Trump opponents compete to see who could get their head the farthest up his ass.


Will it? You be the judge. Hear some of what was said by Ron DeSantis, Vivek Ramis, Ted Cruz and Nikki Haley, My fellow Republican. Let's send Joe Biden back to his basement and let's send Donald Trump back to the White House. If you wanna make America great again, vote Trump. God bless Donald J. Trump. Donald. Trump has my strong endorsement period. All right under the heading of we watch the convention so you don't have to. Did you guys see or hear anything notable from the stage tonight? Tommy, let's start with you. Jim Justice, the governor of West Virginia brought his dog out.


Really? Baby, baby dog justice. Interesting that he brought the dog out the night after Kristi Nome spoke. Yes. This, oh, you know, we're the first person to make that joke today. you know What, I've been trying to fucking a Dan Slam. I've trying to, it's a damn slam. I've been trying to produce the show. I didn't even know. I didn't even know that was a fucking show, John. It was a good joke. I was also reminded that Vive Rames Swami is a person who exists. Mm. And he has a, a repellent personality that came out today. Jim Justice has the kind of, We're going all in on the Jim Justice speech analysis. Huh? It Was, it's the most interesting by far. CN went crazy for the dog. It Was the Yes. Everything else was pretty boring on stage. He has the kind of demeanor of the villain in a Matlock episode Where that's relatable Somewhere, somewhere.


Joe Biden goes On the cultural pulse. I just wanna say fine. I think ideology, partisanship aside, the speeches are so bad. Boring. It's Very boring so bad. Paint my numbers. It's just like there, it's, I don't know if, can people give a good speech anymore? No. There's like, it's all recycled lines. All cliches, all shit that you've heard before. Not like the music back in rj. I just, they knew what rock and roll was back then, even like No, they were terrible. Even like George W. Bush could give a good speech back in the day, Nikki Haley came like maybe the closest to giving an okay speech. Eh, eh, eh, is right, right.


You Guys were outta the office. Dan And I watched Carrie Lake. She did a much more muted version of herself. Everything was a little toned down, you know, the, the previewing that it would be less crazy this convention than the last one was, has been true so far. Her rhetoric has now ceia toned is what I would say. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. They, her rhetoric has been, is they're shooting the rhetoric through the gauze Studio. I mean, they did studio they of saying like Biden border bloodbath, and they're, you know, they used The term weekend at Bernie's presidency. They did. Well, that's, I I am talking about like, Oh, oh, in terms of Sort of violence. Right. Like they also, they talked about, Ted Cruz did a whole thing that basically said Democrats purposely released undocumented immigrants who went on to commit rape and murder because they wanted their votes.


So he, they're all, they all did the replacement theory. That's, you know, so that, that stuff was not very toned down. Yeah. And then, and then, and then also just like the, it just, at least Han getting up there and talking about the, the Biden crime wave, and it's like, you know, we all know that crime has been going down since it peaked in 2020. But it, but you wouldn't know it by watching it. But it almost seems like beside the point, I mean, it was interesting that Donald Trump was in the arena again to watch. Of course, he was just sitting up there like, someone want Tobe Roman Empire just watching his former Yeah. He wanted to thumbs down Ron DeSantis so hard. Exactly. Every time he was like, he, he enjoys nothing more than watching people just discredit themselves for him. Yeah. Nikki Haley finished speaking and he stood up and he said, give it up for Bird Brain.


Give it up for Bird brain. Everyone, He loves it. He, he, the, it's sort of, it's, it's a Conflict. Tiny d let's hear it for Tiny D It's a conflict, right? Because he enjoys people supplicating themselves before him. But he is also quite bored because he has to wait pay attention. So that was a struggle. The most interesting moments were off stage one was Matt Gaetz harassing Kevin McCarthy, and then a bystander harassing Matt Gaetz and calling him an asshole. And then Matt Gaetz turns and faces that guy and goes, I don't even know who you are. And that guy's like, I don't care if you know I am, you're an asshole. And Matt Gaetz just walks away with a, with his, his sort of defeated by it, which I loved.


Good hit. And then Rudy Giuliani got into a fight with a row of folding chairs lost. Mm. You see this, he kind of just careened over a set of folding chairs and they, But for the grace of God, I, well that's sure. And but, but I felt bad for you. You see it. Did you, it was, it wasn't just that he fell over, it was how long it took them to get him back up. And I've ever since he told someone at Mar-a-Lago, and, and it was overheard by page six that he feels as though he's trapped in a living nightmare. I feel bad for him. Yeah. Well, join the club. Rudy. Let's talk about Nikki Haley's speech. So first of all, she got cheers, no boos for Nikki Haley. She started off by saying Donald Trump has my strong endorsement period.


Which, you know, she had obviously said before that she was voting for him. It was not a full throated endorsement before. So now she has decided to just leave it all behind. Just, you know, she's back. She's back. She said, you don't have to agree with Trump a hundred percent of the time to vote for him. We must expand our party. Certainly the only speaker so far at the convention that has said anything like that. Will anyone care? Will any swing voters tune in and hear that? What do you think, Dan? No, I don't think they will tune in. I don't think they care. And Nikki, this Nikki Haley speaking, this convention is not Hillary Clinton speaking, the 2008 convention does not. Bernie Sanders speaking the 2016 convention. Nikki Haley is nothing more than a basically generic vessel for anti-Trump Republicans. Yeah. They don't care about Nikki Haley.


They don't Nikki Haley's signs in their yard. They don't Nikki Haley bumper stickers, many of them can't figure out of a lineup. She, many of them voted, didn't even know she had dropped outta the race what they voted for. A lot of them voted After she already dropped out. It was just a protest vote. Yeah, yeah. The whole, the, the, the narrative, like what will happen with the Nikki Haley voters, like, they'll probably vote for Joe Biden again like they did in 2020, We hope. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, That's the best case. They're still a persuasion target, but their affiliation with Nikki Haley tells you nothing about them. It's not like she has a hold on a section of the party like a Bernie Sanders did, like Hillary Clinton did in oh eight. Yeah. I think that goes to why the speeches feel so ineffective more broadly. Even that statement, like I'm, he has my strong endorsement period as if she's saying that in defiance of some media campaign to say that she hasn't endorsed.


Well, she hasn't. Right. She, she hadn't actually endorsed him. It was an open question as to whether she would, she did dodge it for a long time. And there's a way in which both her and, and DeSantis and Ted Cruz, they're performing this version of themselves that is just so completely phony and it leads to them with these kind of grandiose overwritten speeches that all feel pretty empty. Yeah. Because none of, because none of them are, none of them are saying what they really think they're, they're they're putting on a show for, for Java. Yeah. All I could think when I, all I could think when I saw Rhonda STIs come out was he might be the biggest loser of the JD Vance pick in terms of people getting leapfrogged for, for next up to be President. Well, and you could, his speech is just it.


Like he just, he has not cut out for this. He's not cut out for the, for the, for the, for the big stage. Like a bunch of lines. You can tell that like up some consultants or advisors or speech writers wrote him like, you know, he did our, our enemies don't consign their designs to between 10:00 AM and 4:00 PM Right. America can't afford four more years of a weekend at Bernie's presidency. Right. So he did that, but he's like his voice still with the voice too fast, too annoying, too yelly. He's yelling the whole time. He is a little sweaty. He's just not the one thing. He doesn't have it. The one thing I thought watching this convention is they are so lucky that they have Donald Trump because so far there's not one other Republican that's taken the stage that you're like, oh, I'm worried about that person.


That person has gravitas. Like they just, it just no one has it. Yeah. In fairness, we left right as Eric Schmidt started speaking the here two four unknown senator from Missouri, not the Google Guy, who was like, who was like, my presence on this stage is unlikely. I'm a tall white guy from Missouri. It's like, what are you, what, what are you talking about? Yeah. Seems, seems like this spot has been helped for you whole time. It's actually, It's the likeliest presence of anyone All. right. So another group getting speaking slots today were the Republican Senate candidates and key races. We've talked a lot about Democratic senate candidates and how they're all polling ahead of Biden, but it also seems like the Republican Senate candidates in these swing states are polling behind Trump. Dan, what do you think is going on there?


In Most cases, they are pulling behind Trump because they're thoroughly unknown. Yeah. Named Id, right, Eric, they, Eric Huffy, is that how you say his last name? Yeah. In Wisconsin. Sam Brown in Nevada. Dave McCormick, a little more well known. 'cause he at least had run their Republican primary, but they're just, He lost ones already. So he is, and They don don't have any real name id. And so there are a couple different ways to look at these races, right? You have a handful of incumbent democrats like Sherrod Brown, John Tester, Tammy Baldwin, Bob Casey, who have independent strong brands, and they are running well ahead of Biden. Their coalitions look much like a traditional democratic coalition. They don't have biden's. Same struggles with young voters or independent voters, or black voters or Latino voters, whatever else.


They look like a 2020 Democrat. Then you have Jackie Rosen and in Nevada and Alyssa Slotkin, who is running for an open seat in Michigan, who are basically running as Democrats, right? Jackie Rosen not well known. They're still pulling ahead of their Republican candidates, but they're pulling at about Biden's level, right? Their top line number is in the low forties. There is a pullout today, which has one poll that has slotkin up in the high forties, but that's the first one. Seen like that. And then you have the Arizona Senate race, which is unique because Ruben Ggo, who's not super well known, but he's running against Carrie Lake, who's incredibly well known and incredibly unpopular. Right? And so she's sort of functioning as the incumbent and anti incumbent race there.


And so there's a bunch of different things happening there. There's reasons in some of those, those incumbent races to have hope for Democrats, no matter what happens at the top of the ticket where you have a lesser known Democrat, that's where you can, there could be drag if Biden doesn't perform strongly in those states. And you would imagine that once the Trump campaign Republicans really start spending money and some of these Senate races on TV that like at least Trump's number in these states is achievable for a lot of these Republican Senate candidates who aren't like a KA lake, right? Who is well known and crazy. But some of these were just, you know, the Republicans did a decent job getting the I won. They're all, they're still pretty crazy. So they're still pretty extreme. A lot of these Republican senate candidates, but they didn't do a 2022, they more generic 22, they're more generic.


They're more generic than they have been in the past. And It's worth remembering that in the states that are swing states in the presidential, Joe Biden has been on TV fairly heavily, and Donald Trump is not. So, tonight's theme was making America safe once again, we're doing once we haven't talked about this yet. Everything is making America wealthy once again, making America safe once again, make America great once again. I think you don't need the, once you Could have gone make America great again. Again. They tried that. Well, they tried that. It felt, it felt it was tough. That was the 20, that was that. Yeah. No, what was 2020 I think that Make America Keep America great. Oh, He did roll Out Make America great again. Again, Cga, I'm sure when Keep America great again. But she also Makes, no, it was, it was just cag, right? Just cag. That's Right.


So the tonight's theme featured a bunch of quote everyday Americans talking about things like immigration and crime. It, you know, got really dark and awful. How persuasive do you guys think that was for voters beyond the MAGA base? The Ted Cruz took a lot of this, right? That he told, he kept doing every damn day. And then he would tell another story of someone who was murdered by an undocumented immigrant, Tommy. Well, it's A grizzly crime. Stories are a feature of most Donald Trump events. I, I'm not totally sure how Effective They were tonight. It's worth noting, just for context, I mean, in November of 2023, there was some polling on this, I think from Gallup that found 77% of Americans said they believed there was more crime in the US than a year ago, including 55% who said the same about their local area.


So it was a national issue in their mind and a local issue. Now again, since 2002, that annual poll has found that a majority of Americans think crime is on the rise every year, even when it's falling, usually sort of in the 60% level or not. So it's not clear to me how much of a vote driver crime will be this year, as opposed to every year. It may be that we, we Americans just always think crime is a problem. And on the rise in reality, violent crime has decreased year over year, but those statistics aren't as lurid as the stories you were hearing out of someone like Ted Cruz. So I just, I don't know how salient the issue is compared to a year ago or two years ago when crime really spiked.


I mean, the rubric that Donald Trump wants in this race is strong versus weak. And that only works if people are scared. Right. you know, it's the famous Bill Clinton White about someone, someone you would rather have someone who's strong and wrong than right and weak. And that ha that that works when people are scared and insecure and afraid. So you have to gin up fear, right? It's basically the entire reason that Fox News exists is to scare the living shit outta people. That a terrorist, an immigrant, some other person's gonna come to your community and your family's at risk. So that you will then put aside things, other things you may care about, like higher minimum wage, more fair tax system access to abortion, or to vote for the candidate. You think of multiple criminal convictions to vote for the candidate you think will keep you safe.


Fear and unity. That's the, those are the themes. That's actually, basically, well, but it is, it's like your unity is that is fascism. Like that's how works, Right? That's what I say's. That's a unity for us. Yeah. And then be afraid of the people who aren't like us. And to your point, minimum wage abortion, those issues haven't really made an appearance yet. You don't hear about those a lot at this convention. No. So they have done, I mean, it boiling it down to just strong versus weak. It also reveals, like, there's, do you hear anyone talking about like policy, what John, what Donald Trump's gonna do? What to do about the immigration, broken immigration system, what to do about inflation last night? No, it's just like Donald Trump is strong. He will get in there and things will be better. We Heard some build the wall chance. Yeah, There was, there was some talk of mass deportations, right?


Yeah. But it's not, not a lot of, not a lot of solutions from this crowd. I would've say watching this for two days now, one, I wanna apologize to myself for that, but Yeah. Is this is a party that desperately wants to win Oh. yeah. They are on script. Like the uni thinks mostly bullshit, but they have tempered the crazy from like a 15 to like a seven. I don't think I've heard a single thing about the 2020 election in any of these speeches. Hmm. Me neither. Right? They know that is a massive vulnerability for Trump, and they're not talking about it. Like they, they want to win Donald, Trump wants to win and stay out of jail. And that sort of discipline is throughout the speaker line, appears boring and lame as many speeches are. They're not doing damage to the effort to electronic.


Right? Yeah. Like, I, I don't know necessarily that they're moving voters No. To their side. But you're right that they're not doing any damage because to the extent that they're saying crazy stuff, which they all are in their speeches, it's, it's all language and rhetoric that we've heard before from them. It's not anything new and extreme or new and cr right? Like it's all sort of warmed over crazy. Well, They, they feel like they're winning. And it's, and that is, and that's pretty unifying. Nothing brings a team together like a feeling like they're, they're winning. There've been a bunch of reporting from different, from different places about reporters being surprised by just the feeling of being on the ground in Milwaukee. That they expected a kind of darker, scarier version of Republican politics. But after the assassination attempt, given how poorly Joe Biden is performing and the fact that the polls look so good for him in these swing states, it's a joyous affair.


They're having a fucking blast. Well, We'll be the judge of that 'cause we'll be there tomorrow. Yeah, We


will. Poe of America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter Summer's here and seasonal businesses are hiring everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders. This means that people with these specific skills are in high demand and not easy to find. Whether you're hiring for one of these roles or any other, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them? ZipRecruiter? And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. See a candidate who really shines ZipRecruiter lets you connect with them asap. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. I bet you didn't know this. What? you know how Donald Trump found JD Vance? How? Hey John, how did, how did Trump find JD Vance? It Was ZipRecruiter. Wow. Yeah. Wow. We've also used ZipRecruiter here at Crooked Media for many years. It's very, very helpful. Hiring is difficult. ZipRecruiter makes it easier. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. CY four to five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire


Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online with Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine, A next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagine, drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. With Squarespace email campaigns, you can drive sales and engage your audience easily. Collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus, use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. We love Squarespace. Huge fans, You know, we've advertised for them for a long time. And we even used some Squarespace here at a Crooked Media. I Started a little side business where I take AP photos of Trump raising his fists and put them in T-shirts. And I. Use Squarespace to get those, get those T-shirts out into the world. It's my little side business. That's A, that's a great business. It's gonna be thriving soon. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/cricket to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Pod Save America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs make furniture shopping simple article's. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus they won't leave you waiting around. You pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Article's, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. I love article. They're furniture. It looks great, it's incredibly comfortable. They have awesome designs that are simple and cool. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Speaking of polling, here's some interesting convention news. Politico reported that on Tuesday afternoon, Trump pollster, Tony Fabrizio talked with the Florida delegation about just how good the campaign thinks the map looks for them. Fabrizio said that the Sunbelt states are locked up for Trump, Arizona, Nevada, Georgia, North Carolina, and Florida. But he also said that they now think Minnesota, Virginia, New Mexico and New Jersey are Tossups. He claimed that the campaign might even make a play for Maine. Fabrizio also reportedly bragged that the campaign is this competitive without having done much in the way of TV ads, which is true. And he said, quote, get ready, they're coming. How much of this, Dan, do you attribute to Trump World cockiness? And how much of it do you think is real?


I, it's not Trump world cockiness. Like there is a strain of thought in Republican politics that goes back to Lee Atwater, which is, you should always look like you're winning, right? Is a theory, is a wisdom of crowds approach to politics. Mm. It's why Bush sent Cheney to Hawaii in 2004. Right. To make it look like you winning Don. Remember, you're, you're always on offense. I do Remember that and, and also claimed New Jersey was In play. Yep. and you we're always gonna claim New Jersey in play in every election. And who know, I don't know if it is here or not, but it's worth remembering that Phil Murphy barely Oh. yeah. Beat a hereto for unknown truck driver. I think new to, new to politics in the 2021 gubernatorial race. I don't wanna like depress people or scare people, but what Tony Fabrizio was saying about New Mexico, Maine, Virginia is showing up in private polls that Democrats are passing around everywhere.


Yeah. Yeah. We haven't talked about Martin Heinrich, who's the Democratic Senator from New Mexico and people associated with their, they're worried Yeah. About his race and it and you, because Joe Biden's polling so poorly there. Well, you Look at all the polls, you know, we can debate the size of the, the margin, all of these. But there is a consistent theme, which is that Biden struggles with a certain number of groups, black and Latinos, primarily men and younger men, Republican leaning independents, the Trump Biden voters and young voters in the states that we're talking about here are ones that overindex on a lot of those groups. It's why Virginia is in play, even though it, the reason that it turned democratic for Barack Obama in 2008 became a safe democratic state years after that. Or the same reason that Joe Biden is struggling with it because the demographic change in that state, which used to benefit Democrats and is now hurting us.


If those Biden continues to struggle with those groups, Do you think Democrats will have to spend money to defend some of these states like New Mexico, Minnesota? We shouldn't. I mean, if we do, it's a huge deal. Yeah. That's what folks need to understand is there's not unlimited money out there. You're budgeting, you're budgeting for really expensive ad spends in a lot of big major cities. And all of a sudden, if you're putting ads on air and Washington DC or the Twin Cities like that is gonna impact everything else you do. You can't. Right. I I, I may be the only person who will remember this, but in 2012 when we were running for reelection, we're gonna, we knew we were gonna be massively outspent by the right, because it was the first post Citizens United presidential campaign.


And the right had raised hundreds of millions of dollars into Super pacs. We did not have that apparatus. So we knew the Republicans would outspend the Democratic side. And so Pluff and Ro and others made the decision that we were not going to run ads in Pennsylvania and Michigan and Wisconsin because if we, because we had to get to two 70, we had to get Ohio and Virginia Oh. yeah. And there's no way the states are correlated. And so if you were losing Pennsylvania, you're not winning Ohio. Right. And so in order to, to husband our resources so that we could compete in these states, including Florida, which was a big important state for us, we said we were not gonna spend money in the States. And we, and we did not do that other than one brief period of time when we had to go up in either Michigan or Wisconsin at the very end briefly.


And so if you're in the Biden land, you can't afford to be in all those states. So you're gonna have to say, You've gotta spend all your money on the Blue Wall states because that seemed, and and like If you were losing The second district in, in second district in Nebraska, right. If you were losing Maine or Virginia or New Mexico, you're winning nowhere. It's, look, ads don't just fall out of a coconut tree. They exist In The context of all that came before. But, but no, if we are talking about spending money in those places, we are talking about Senate candidates and house candidates who are running away from Joe Biden and trying to save themselves. We were talking about Joe Biden after having spent tens of million dollars dollars in ads that haven't seemed to change the dynamic in this race, suddenly facing an influence of Trump money, tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars in money from Trump's backers.


We, there's been story after story in the past couple days of all of these people from Elon Musk gone down deciding they're gonna pour money into this race. So, you know, if we're talking about the Biden campaign, whether or not they should be spending in Virginia, we're talking about senators everywhere, desperately trying to save themselves and running away from the democratic ticket and saying how they will be a check on Trump. Like that's the world we'll be living in in the fall. And these things sometimes change over the summer, right? Yeah. A lot of these states that are traditionally democratic or Republican revert back to the mean as more people to the race. Right. And that undecided pool. So we may be just a, it like Trump may certainly outperform his 2020 numbers in all of these states. And Biden might still win all of them and they Probably by like a couple points.


Yeah, yeah. I'm Notable, just to be clear, I'm describing a scenario. I'm not claiming it is what's happening. So Trump's apparently feeling confident enough that he took a crack at getting RFK Junior to endorse him. The two reportedly met in Milwaukee on Monday. Trump also called Kennedy on Sunday, and Kennedy took the call on speaker phone while his in-house videographer, according to Kennedy, was rolling for something else. You can hear Trump saying on the call that the bullet going past his ear sounded like, quote the world's largest mosquito. That he had a nice call with Biden where the president asked him how he managed to duck out of the way. Trump also asked for Kennedy's endorsement and then told Kennedy how much he agrees with him on childhood vaccines. Let's listen, Remember I said I wanna do small doses.


Small doses. When you, when you feed a baby Bobby, a vaccination that has like 38 different vaccines and it looks like it's been for a horse, not a, you know, 10 pound or 20 pound baby. and you, do you ever see the size of it? Right. you know, it's this massive and then you see the baby all of a sudden starting to change radically. I've seen it too many times. And then you hear that it doesn't have an impact. Right? But you, And I talked about that a long time ago. And Is Trump like a, a pediatrician? I didn't Know that. You've seen all the times he, he watches them get the vaccines, then he watches the babies change, You know, babies, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, just babies.


Look, I've, I've seen babies by the hogs head dealing with this kind of problems metric, tons of baby experiencing these kinds of problems. So RFK junior son posted and then deleted the video with an apology. The Biden campaign put out a statement saying the video is proof that Trump can't be trusted to protect Americans healthcare. Kennedy reportedly declined to drop out and endorse Trump. At least for now. Trump was talking in that same video about like maybe there's a big job you can do a big, like he's trying to give him a job, get an endorsement. He is trying to do something here. Let's start with Trump's anti-VAX pandering, which he's also been doing in his stump speech. It's not like we needed a secretly recorded video. He's out there saying, I'm not giving a penny to any state that has, where schools have any kind of mandates, not just mass mandates, but vaccine mandates or anything.


Have you Interpreted that to not mean Covid vaccine but for all all vaccines? He doesn't, he said it repeatedly. He has said it repeatedly. He will no vaccine mandates of any kind, half the half funding for education, get rid of the Department of Education. Like that is his position. He's not, he's not characterized it as Covid And I don't think we should do any work for him If he ever sat down. I was just, no, I'm mad at the situation. Well If he ever sat down for an interview with a, with the reporter that was not like a right-wing reporter, maybe they would ask him that if perhaps if he had debated someone who could have brought that up at the debate. Yeah, we could have learned it there too. But yeah, no he will not. He has tried to skate over this by just making it seem like it's covid vaccines for people like that. But also nodding to and pandering to the anti-vax crowd, which is what he did here on this call with RFK dangerous, obviously also kind of dumb in a general election.


Although, I don't know, what do you guys think to just be out there doing vaccine, being against all kinds of like childhood vaccines? Well first of all, just my reaction is like whenever you hear Trump in context where he doesn't think he's being recorded or it's for public assumption, he's just like, ah, I gotta call that fucking RFK guy. What is he Like Oh? yeah. He's crazy about the vaccine. So I'll just tell him the vaccine thing, see if that works. Maybe try to get him a job. Just very transactional. Very simple. It's Like back to that speech where he was like, oh see I just talk about tax cuts and no one's clapping. And then I, I was talking about this trend stuff and you're all, you're all clapping and applauding. That used to never be like that a couple years ago. You Guess I'll keep saying it. It's fucking, it's just like is the most Yeah, it's like pure cynicism.


We're losing pure Cynicism. We're losing to a Skinner box. He Is actually more of a politician Yes. Than any politician else In American Politic. I was a big outsider. No, it's like, you know, ex you just tell any single fucking person exactly what they want to hear and then you do not deliver in any way, shape or form. That's it. That's like, that is Trump to his core. I think that anti childhood vaccine stuff is like a marker of extremism for a lot of voters. And so it's good to do. It's also just funny, like what it's like to work on a campaign is like the Biden folks have to put out this thing when they wanna just say it's like, that shit's weird. Like I know. Well I I do think like, I, I think it, like I think the reason project 2025 took off is that it plays into something we don't often get to play into. There is a secret recording of Donald Trump colluding with one of his opponents to try to defeat the Democrats and to take away childhood vaccines from schools.


Like I, I feel like we're not making enough of the secret leaked caught image. It looks bad. It looks sinister. Yeah. I mean I like at the end of the day, I think the Trump campaign views all of the third party candidates as tools to help them. They're trying to get Cornell West on the ballot in various states. They are clearly colluding with RFKs campaign and having him continue to run because it helps them. I think one of someone who, a top person on RFKs campaign essentially set as much in another leak video a few weeks back, which is basically like we're all in this to defeat Joe Biden. Now Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Is a narcissist with a massive ego that wants to promote exactly these insane anti-vaccine views that we are now discussing.


So win-win for him to stick around and you know, do Trump's bidding until the time when they deem him no longer useful. And maybe he drops out, but clearly he's angling for some sort of elevation of the issues. He cares about some job for himself. I mean it, this is working for him. How much do you guys think a Kennedy endorsement of Trump would, would matter? Change the race? I think it would matter. I I, I actually do like the Joe Rogans of the world will not have Donald Trump on the show, but he will of RFK Jr. And he believes and trusts Robert F. Kennedy, RFK going on that show and endorsing Trump would be a big deal in my opinion. Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, Kennedy's, he had been at his highest 15% in the polling average a few months ago. He is down 8% now. That'll probably continue to go down, but I mean that's four times the margin right now.


Right. And there's probably some of his voters that don't like Donald Trump, but if, you know, they're parking their votes for Kennedy and if he, if he think he's telling them it's okay to be for Trump, you know, he's obviously Trump's not gonna get all those people 'cause they've already decided they don't like Trump, but get some and you only need a, you know, you need and he is already ahead. So I Think loose kooks go to Trump. Loose looses from, but, but like I I also just the political space Donald Trump has because of the support among Republicans that he has, like it is inconceivable to us that, that Joe Biden would call and he shouldn't call RFK to get his endorsement. That like, it is such an assumption that Donald Trump can say whatever he wants, appeal to whoever he wants. Like that that like freedom to move is an advantage he has.


And it just, I dunno, just sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Lying is an advantage in politics for sure. Right. But also lying and the feely he has of his base that just trust him. Yeah. No matter what he says or does All. right. Just quickly before we go to break, like we said, we're gonna be in Milwaukee Wednesday and Thursday and then on Friday, July 19th we're hopping over to Madison. Yeah. We are. For a live show at the Orpheum Theater with co-host Aaron Haynes and guest Ben Wickler. And on Saturday the 20th, Lovett And or leave it will also be in Madison. Joined by special guest Thomas Lennon, Victoria Vincent, former Lieutenant Governor Mandela Barnes and State representative Francesca Hong at the Barry Moore Theater. I'm gonna have four days of dairy and then I'll fly myself home.


Glad I'm not on that plane. Glad I'm not on that plane. Safer than a Boeing and more reliable We loose nukes. Head to crook.com/events to grab tickets. Now when we come back, we'll be talking about the Biden campaign and why the DNC is planning a virtual roll call ahead of the convention.


Po Save of America is brought to you by American Scandal on Wondery. Explore the biggest political corruption scheme in US history. In the latest season of the podcast, American Scandal, teapot Dome using vivid in immersive storytelling, American scandal retrace the bribes players and underhanded deals related to the Teapot dome scandal. In 1922, newspapers reported that Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall had leased federally owned oil reserves to two of the nation's wealthiest oil barons. Edward Doheny and Harry Sinclair Fall had made the deals to enrich himself and all three men were charged with defrauding the US government. The scandal named after one of the oil reserves in Wyoming would eventually sense declare to prison for contempt of Congress and jury tampering and made fall the first person ever convicted of a crime committed while serving in the US cabinet. Follow American scandal. Wherever you get your podcasts, go deeper and get more to the story with Wondery Top history podcasts including American History, tellers legacy, and even the Royals.


Pat Save of America is brought to you by Helix. If you're looking for better sleep, you need to upgrade your mattress with Helix. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning Lux collection, the newly released in High-end Helix Elite collection. Mm, a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and even a mattress made just for kids, which Charlie has. Charlie has a Helix mattress now just for kids in his race car bed. Nice, very excited, very happy about it. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes and it ships straight to your door free of charge. They even offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. If you're a side sleeper, you can choose a model with memory foam layers to provide optimal pressure relief. There are also models with more responsive foam to cradle your body for essential support and stomach and back sleeping positions. Plus check out enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating while you sleep. It's no wonder Helix has over 12,005 star reviews and you, you've loved your Helix mattress. I Lovett And. I got a Don Luxe. There you go. There you go. And It's great. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix, better sleep starts Now.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Do you tend to compare your life to others? Does social media play a part in that? It does. What do you do when you get caught up wishing your life look like someone else's? you Know what, that's not my problem. Yeah, I don't either. I don't get the like envy, but you know what I do do I decide to use social media? I weigh on things that suck and then terrible people criticize you and you could tell yourself it doesn't matter, but it actually does bother you. Which is why I do Let strangers get me mad. I'm just, I'm, I've just started deleting tweets 'cause I'm like, you know what? I just, I don't care. I I don't need to let someone attack me all day long for no Reason. You wanna talk about it a little more. I think this should go deeper, which is why BetterHelp is a sponsor of this Show. Tommy. Tommy Comparison is the thief of joy. It is and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. John, You can cut others down or you can lift yourself up BetterHelp and wants you to choose the latter Line that will undoubtedly appear in just a dozen convention speeches. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA to today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/psa.


Okay. Last night we talked about whether the effort to replace Biden was dying out pretty clear after today that it has not. The times reported this morning that Congressman Adam Schiff, the Democratic nominee for Senate in California, just told donors at a fundraiser in New York over the weekend. I think if he is our nominee, I think we lose and we may very well lose the Senate and lose our chance to take back the house. That's according to someone who saw a transcript of the event. He also told the crowd that the Biden team isn't listening to opposing views right now. An anonymous house Democrat also told Axios quote, the replace Biden movement is back. One member talking about this on the record is Congressman Seth Moulton of Massachusetts who Tommy interviewed on Pod Save the World today.


Here's what he said. Very Early Sunday morning, the first phone call I got was from a colleague who agrees with me as the majority of Democrats in Congress do, but like most hasn't come out and said it publicly. And he just said, what do we do? It's even more urgent now. I mean, Trump is gonna ride this assassination attempt right into the White House. The only chance we have is a change at the top of the ticket. Tell me, what did Seth say about what his colleagues are saying in private and does he think more will come out or, Yeah, I mean I, I asked him, I think the question that we've all had, which was it felt like there was growing momentum in Congress from Democrats calling on Biden to drop out.


And I asked him if that momentum had stalled out after Saturday and he said, actually no, in private concerns have only increased. People are even more worried that Trump is gonna ride this, you know, scary assassination attempt to victory and use it for political advantage. And that people are talking about it even more. They're just not all together right now. I think they're all home. So this is happening on text. So I do think these efforts that we'll talk about in a minute to potentially move up the nomination vote have pissed off a lot of people. There might be some more, you know, momentum might be picking back up in terms of people coming out publicly to call on Biden to drop out. But Seth's message to them was like, what's the point of being in politics if you're not gonna say what you think?


Yeah. you know what I mean? Like what, how can you possibly say you're concerned now and sit on your hands and then wake up after election day and live with yourself? Well, so let's talk about the development that also restarted this conversation, which is the DNC's continued push to hold a virtual roll call vote on the nomination apparently as early as next week. This is not a new plan. Exactly. And it originally had to do with making sure the Democratic ticket appears on the ballot in states like Ohio that have deadlines in early August before the Democratic Convention. All of this is because the Democratic convention is quite late this year and some of these deadlines are in early August and obviously the Democratic conventions in late August.


But even though Ohio just passed a law Republican legislature, Republican governor to give Democrats more time to get on the ballot after their convention, the DNC is still moving forward with the virtual roll call vote, which is leading some Democrats in Congress to believe that it's all about nominating Biden as quickly as possible in an effort to end the conversation about him Stepping aside, Congressman Jared Huffman, one of the members who's been vocal about the challenges that Biden presents is now circulating a letter for other Democrats to sign that asked the DNC to call off the roll call vote. We don't know how many members have signed on, but we do know that several frontline members, including Susan Wild to Pennsylvania, Mike Levin of California, pat Ryan of New York plan to sign it.


Huffman told the times the DNC forcing the roll call would be, quote, a power play of the highest order. Former DNC chairs, Donna Brazil, Howard Dean and Terry McCullough sent their own letter today in Favre of the DNC's virtual roll call vote. They don't mention Biden, but argue that this is the best way to ensure the democratic ticket is on the ballot in every state. Dan, who's right, Both sort of, and no one, I mean I the prior to the debate, right, the plan the DNC was putting in place makes sense, even if Ohio has changed the law, you wanna be extra covered. 'cause it's not just Ohio States like California and Washington have their ballot access certification deadlines at the outset of the Democratic convention.


20th, 22nd, 23rd are some of those states. And There is a turnaround time between when Biden is actually nominated and you get all the signatures notarized, et cetera, and sent, filed appropriately. And what has happened in previous years is you basically send a pledge to that you're gonna send the real stuff and they will swap them out. When you send the real stuff like almost an IOU for notarized signatures, that's been fine. People are very worried that in this new world of insane MAGA election interference, they're going to try to deny Democrats ballot access. So in a completely, in a world where biden's obviously gonna be the nominee, this is all proforma. Just do it early, get it done. They came up with And not, and not because not even because the concerns are like, why not it better to be safe than sorry.


Yeah, why not? Why would you even risk It belt and suspenders? Right? And then, and the timing makes sense too because it is a relatively complicated process to get all these people, you have to get a majority of the delegates to vote. Their votes have to be certified in some way, shape, or form. That takes time. So they're gonna give themselves, it's several Thousand people. S it, it's almost 3000 people you need. They gave themself time to do it. They put that plan in place, debate happened, debate about the debate happened, and now they're proceeding with the plan as if they were, and they're in this position that it's very challenging because if you change the plan, you're acknowledging the legitimacy and possibility that there could actually be a change at the top of the ticket, which is very hard for the D nnc, which is run by Joe Biden to do. But if you go with the old plan, you further inflame the division within the party that has come since the debate.


And so we are sort of, which Is, which is why you get these talking points from DNC chair, Jamie Harrison and others that that sound so bullshitty because they're only, what he has decided is, well, I'm gonna blame the Republicans in Ohio and say that like, you know, even though they passed a law that to say that Democrats could be on the ticket, I'm gonna make people believe that maybe they'll change their mind and pass another law. you know, like, so, and it doesn't really pass the smell test. Now it's true that republicans in the Ohio legislature are not the only problem here. There could be random conservative groups that file suit a number of legal scholars were like, well I don't that that doesn't, that wouldn't carry, really carry any water. But you know, The Supreme Court immunity that letting the president do whatever they want.


So like, yeah, people are, people are a little worried about that. But, but the other option here is to have the virtual roll call vote as close to the deadlines as possible and not starting next week Or Right. Well, the thing that I have trouble wrapping my head around is, okay, so doing this next week feels like the worst possible option because it tries to silence a debate that isn't done in a way that will be as Yeah. And whether, whether it's, whether it's intentional or not. That's what it does. That's what it Does. And it will be, I just to attend, like I'm just looking at this Republican convention and the energy and enthusiasm we're seeing and imagining the kind of innervated slog that would be a democratic convention in which this debate was silenced by procedure, I think is just, it's not, not a very optimistic experience, but if you, it's just a horrible, Anyway, I'll see you guys in Chicago, But it's just, it's what it is, And.


I'm like, we're, we're, we're, we're fucking around. It's, it's horrible. But so then it's like, okay, the virtual roll call can be, has to be later. So there can be space for there to be this debate and the possibility of another nominee, but it seems hard to imagine that actually taking place until the convention actually begins. Right? It's like, it's just hard to Matt wrap your head around how you can act like Joe Biden himself, whether aware or unaware of what the actual plan was said. If, if you think I shouldn't be the nominee challenge me at the convention. The convention is the place where everyone's in everyone's mind broker convention that this is where it would play out. If the lawyers are saying that that's dangerous, it leaves everybody in a very convention position. No, When Biden Biden said that, that was not it, That was rhetorical bullshit.


No, I Know it was, I I'm just, I'm telling the listeners that was rhetorical bullshit. The thing that I do think complicates this conversation is I'm looking at a story on NBC news right now that's talking about the debate or whether Biden should drop out. And here's a couple lines from it. By the end of last week, the president and his team had settled on a strategy forward, the five people familiar with internal discussions said that strategy is described by multiple Biden aids and allies is to run out the clock. No shit. Huh? And if you reduce the amount of clock outstanding, of course people are gonna act like, okay, you're trying to rig the system. Yeah. It just, this continues to be part, part of the problem coming from some of the people advising Joe Biden right now is they seem to be so committed to being the nominee that the willing to sacrifice being reelected president to do so because let's say Joe Biden had been challenged.


It had a real primary, this is the exact moment when you're doing what the Republicans are doing, which is you're trying to unify the party, you're bringing the, your opponents within the party into your coalition. It's when Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders got together, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Right. That that is how it happens. But because Joe Biden was not officially challenged, even though 50% and sometimes more percent of Democrats wanted a different nominee or didn't want him to run, and then he did well in these very low turnout non-competitive primaries against Dean Phillips and Arian Williamson, he and his team have been operating under the illusion of party unity because there, there had been unity before the debate, at least publicly from all the elites in the party, all the elected officials, all the, the pundits, everyone else, but the, the electorate was not there.


And so the process here, if Joe Biden is going to be the nominee is not just to run out the clock, it's to unify the party behind him so as the nominee he can win. And this is counterproductive to that. Yeah. I mean, I don't, and And I, it sounds as if now that, that they're going forward with it, I could see them saying like, yeah, maybe we'll, we'll push the final date of the voting to like, but like it, either way we are running out of time. Right. And, and Joe Biden's strategy of running out the clock is, it's, it's, it's going to be effective. Right. And, I think the only thing, like people have made their voices heard. We certainly have, according to every poll, the voters have, Democrats have the, at least, at least half of Democrats in just about every poll. Registered Democrats want him to step aside a majority of black voters, a majority of Latino voters, a majority of women voters, right.


Majority of young voters. That is not broken through. Some members of Congress have gone through. I think the last play here is back to your conversation with Seth Moulton, that like, if a bunch of House Democrats and Senate Democrats either go to Joe Biden or publicly talk about this, or Pelosi who there's a lot of reports has been behind the scenes, wanting him to step aside, Pelosi goes to him like, there's one more play here. Right. Of people that Joe Biden Yes. Has known for a long time and respected senators to, he's a, he, he was a former senator. Go to him and make one last plea, and then if he says no, then he says no. And we're, that's it. That's how we, everyone did what they could. But I do think for those representatives who want this, you gotta say it and you gotta try It in, gotta do it. You Gotta do it now and you gotta do it now.


And by the way, in the meantime, I, like, I think everyone making clear that the D nnc moving forward with a roll call vote this quickly would be a fucking disaster. I can't imagine something that will alienate more people that are, the people that are very nervous about Joe Biden, but are also the people that will donate and knock on doors. They're part of the 14 million that voted for Joe Biden because there wasn't an alternative. And by the way, would be proud to support him if he were the nominee who would feel so silenced and pushed aside by the decision to move ahead with a roll call vote this quickly. I, it just as terrible a decision as I could imagine. Yeah. I think it would feel sneaky. All of this is why another member of Congress I was talking to yesterday said, that's why they feel like they have basically from the day after the Republican Convention ends till like Monday or Tuesday to get a bunch of people to come out publicly and say, you know, you have to step aside.


'cause I think members of Congress feel like they try, I, Seth said this to me too, they tried to privately get a message to him after the debate that they thought there needed to be a change and that was ineffective. So that's why all these members are going public. Try to get a message through George Stephanopoulos, through Lester Holt, through all those great reporters who ask questions during the nato, They're complex. He keeps, keeps Trying Complex. Took, they took Morning Joe off the air. There's Yeah, there's A silence Joe. There's smoke signals, there's polls, silence, Nikas. Just weird to do like a kind of, to, to get through the, the, the, the inability to get, we ended to drop flyers over the White House, like we're trying to reach people. Kamala Harris, Like the North Koreans. Yes. Kamala Harris has been walking by him drinking from a coconut.


I don't know if we're gonna end this. This is a, this is a high note or not, but one thing, it's not for us, we noticed Chris La Cavita, Donald Trump's senior advisor told everyone that for his speech on Thursday night to, to buckle up because it's going to be at least an hour and a half. An hour and A half. I was thinking about why this is, and here's why I think it's gonna be an hour and a half, because what we're gonna get is English and Spanish. I, because I think what we're gonna get is the post assassination attempt Unity Topper, like I think they're just, oh, two speeches. Things we're, we're getting a bolted on top and bottom and then the Red Meat division draft.


What I say you tape back together the peachy, the peachy store up. Well, yeah, I do, I do, I do think it's gonna be, we got, there's no turn up speech. Donald Trump does not start from page one. He's not that, that kind of a worker. So I think we get a new, a new top and a new bottom and the same fucking American carnage right there in the middle. That's my, that's my prediction. If I'm gonna predict something, I just, A 90 minute speech is terrible. How much time do they have with the networks? Two hours, Five days after Donald Trump was shot in the air. They're, he could speak for 17 hours. He could Go full Castro. It could be there. He could be there all night. Gafi there. Yeah, For sure. Well, they gotta get, they gotta get to, you know, modern family Plus That's the last gasp of the Yeah. Plus they's gotta leave time for him to read the get Well soon card from Melania.


Not, Not speaking. So huge again, in any other time, be like, wait, what? The, not speaking. Yeah. 90 minutes. Don't give. Hey, just here's a tip. 90 minute speeches, don't do it. 60 minute speech. Don't eat it. Anything past 17 is, Yeah, it's not ideal. Honestly, 20 minutes, 20 minutes is your, that's your, that's your outer perimeter. I mean, in 1988, bill Clinton got destroyed for giving a 33 minute speech. A seven minute slot though. 17 minute slot. 17 minute slot. Anyway, that's our show for tonight. We will, we'll talk to you from Milwaukee tomorrow night, we hope. Yeah, we hope.


We'll, we'll see you there. Bye. Bye Everyone. If you wanna get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at crooked.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our show is produced by Olivia Martinez and David Toledo. Our associate producers are Sa Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer.


Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Mia Kelman, David Tolls, keel Aviv and Molly Lobel.


Hello people ver. This is Paul Sheer co-host of the Unspooled Podcast. Over the next few months, my co-host, Amy Nicholson, And I, will be breaking down some of our favorite disasters to see if they still hold up in our disaster movie summer. We're talking about Independence Day Godzilla minus 1 28 days later and more. You're not gonna wanna miss these conversations. I'm gonna tell you Unspool is where it's at this summer. You can listen to new episodes of Unspool every Thursday, wherever you get your podcasts.