
This is an ad by Better Help Men Today face immense pressure to perform, to provide, and to keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, and it's often undiagnosed. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, anyone, a friend, a loved one, or a therapist In this administration. They just go on, usually Brett Bear. That's a good therapy. But some, some top FBI officials went on Fox and Friends this morning and kind of unburden themselves of all the things they're sad about. Not every everyone has that opportunity. No. To get booked on cable. No, you can't just sit with Fox and Friends and talk about how your job at the FBI is so hard And just have Brian killed me. Be like, it's okay. And so in that case, you should try Better help with over 35,000 therapists. Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform, having served over 5 million people globally. And it works with an app store rating of 4.9 out of five based on over 1.7 million client reviews. It's convenient too. You can join a session with a therapist, the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus you can switch therapists at any time. Therapy is great. It really helps, even if you don't think you need it. Trust me when you go, you'll feel a lot better. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out With Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash psa. That's better. HE p.com/psa.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Hey everybody, happy Pride. Today we're switching things up a bit. On Friday night, I did a very fun live show with Sarah Longwell and Tim Miller from the Bulwark at the Lincoln Theater in Washington, DC at WorldPride, who was a fundraiser benefiting the Immigrant Defenders Law Center, which represents people like Andre Hernandez Romero, and so many others who have been disappeared without due process to El Salvador. It was a serious topic, but a very fun show with some important conversations and some very silly games. If you want to help, you can donate@votesaveamerica.com slash action for Andre. We'll be back with a regular episode on Tuesday. But in the meantime, here's a live show. Hope you like it.


Welcome everybody. I was never a twink. Here's the thing, Lovet. So thank y'all for coming out. I wanted to tell you just a second about the origin story of this. I was in the shower one day. Woo. Watch out. Usually it's that, usually it's that calm down. But in this case, I was thinking about how fucking pissed I am that we're kidnapping gay people and sending them to El Salvador. And so I got out of the shower and I texted Lovet and I was like, love it. Like we should do something for others for once. You know, like, we should stop being such narcissists who care about our own content creation. We should like do something for someone else. And he was like, great idea Tim.


And I was like, and let's try it to, I'll try anything once. And so I was like, let's tie it to WorldPride, You know, so we can have one for him, one for us on the backend. So we'll see all a flower factory later. Sarah, you got brought in. Why Are you Here? I don't, I think 'cause somebody needed to be the top on this stage. Wow. Nobody vetted. I didn't vet that joke. I didn't vet that joke. No, sorry. I just, I just, it was important to have a bipartisan event. It was important to be diverse because this is a pro-democracy.


And I mean small D democracy event. I'm the pro-democracy. They're the small D Wow. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. She's so proud of herself. I didn't realize lesbians knew about jokes. Okay, well that's fine, that's fine. But these guys were like, Hey, we're gonna go in like pre-game backstage, we're gonna do some shots. But they just took prep shots. That's all they did. It's a pill. How am I supposed to know that? No, no. I don't Need 'em. My shot is ozempic. And you're looking great. Thanks buddy. We are Going through old pictures of you and boy, big improvement.


You're thriving right now. Thank You, buddy. Thank you for saying that. Tha it gets better. So, You know, look, we're, we wanna have fun, but also we're here because this is a serious moment. And we're really grateful to everybody who was willing to come out during WorldPride to be here, to be part of this fundraiser, to keep attention on the importance of freeing Andre and all the others who have been disappeared to a gulag in El Salvador in our name earlier today, I got to witness something historic, which is, I believe the first time Sarah Longwell, you've been like a participant in a protest.


It's The first protest I've ever been to, period. And we were joking just now backstage. Do You know how much had to go fucking wrong in this society for Sarah and I to get close? Do You know how many different things we had to get wrong all along the way for us to be here at the Lincoln Theater together? This is, this is against nature. This is when a, a turtle and a horse are friends at a zoo. It's not working. Who's the horse? It's not Working. I'm the horse. I think, I think you have a, a slideshow, don't you?


Oh, is it? We're up to the slideshow. Is it time? I think so. Okay, great. I, okay, great. I mean, unless you got more, You know, more chitchat. You wanna do, We all know the name of Harvey Milk. Who? Pete Hegseth is trying to get his name off of a Navy vessel. There's a Navy ship named after Harvey Milk and Pete Beat, he is like, gotta do some cancel culture on that ship. But Harvey Milk is not the first elected if gay elected official in this country, he's the first gay man to be elected in this country because the Isn't that interesting? Real? I didn't know that. Yes, because the first person to be elect gay, openly gay person to be elected is a lesbian from Michigan named Kathy Co Chenko, I believe.


And we don't know her name because lesbians just don't do pr. They just, it's mostly, it's like woodworking and that kind of a thing. They, it's the gay guys that went in to pr, which you mean. That's Funny. That's funny because actually when we were promoting the show, the Advocate did a piece and my PR guy was the one pitching the piece. And somehow the piece came out. Tim Miller and Jon Lovett to co-host show The advocate knows what sells magazines. Yeah. That's how we put butts in the seats, right? Yeah. No pictures of women and axes in the advocate. That's not gonna deal Anything.


The point, the point is we owe a great deal to lesbians. I've recently found out, and as a token of our gratitude, we wanted to hope to make you feel perfectly at ease during WorldPride by showing you some options for different lesbian styles you could embrace this weekend. Now is it a skirt? 'cause I'm not wearing that. Okay, so we can rule out a couple right there. Now we did manage to go into the archives and we found some options from your past. So let's, let's show, let's show what we've got here first.


Oh Yeah. Some Lumberjack chic, I would say lumber. Jacqueline Scarecrow with a master's degree. I do love a flannel Still. You can't see the fingerless gloves in the photo, but they're underneath Dwayne the lesbian Johnson is an option for one of these. But we all, do we have any more of those? Is that, oh, here's another. We have this that is, yeah, I'm Cute. That's, that's my wife. I guess you are the top.


We had, we came up, wait, can we go back to that one? Whoa, gangster. So this, this, this version of, of Sarah, we, we came up with a name for, which is Katie Langley. But look, there are many different directions that you could go, which is why it's time for a segment. We're calling Kara Beaner. I hardly know her. Now, first up, we do have, we do have the, the, the lipstick lesbian represented here by Porsche Dei. Ooh, I'm gotta get outta the way here.


Now the only downside here is you do run the risk of being seduced by Ellen DeGeneres and then having to go live in the cuts walls. I dunno what that is, but it doesn't sound I don't, you are describing a lesbian fantasy right now, but I don't know what the problem is, Right? I don't know your culture. I don't know your culture. Yes. Let's now, next up as an option for you now, do we have a, do we have a, let's go to the next slide. Yes. Next up we have the power lesbians. Yes. Remember the Sex and the City episode? Yes, of course you do. Now. Oh, I'm in there. Yeah. Obviously you're pretty much at ease in this photo. This doesn't feel like much of a stretch for you. Would you consider yourself a power lesbian?


Yeah, I think so. A little humility, please. God, Power is, I mean, you Okay. What, what did Tim say? A little humility. I mean, you're not supposed to call yourself a power lesbian. That's supposed to be a title bestowed upon you. I think that others, Well, that's the, that's the thing, that's the kind of thing. Someone who's not a power lesbian would say, if you're any power lesbian would describe herself as such. And if you can't, you're not. Bitch. All right, next up we have granola lesbians. Okay. This is a I look fine gray. That's Subaru. A Subaru Soic, we call them.


Yeah, It's comfortable. Shoes, cargo shorts would be very practical during the parade. Something to think about. Yeah, you might get hit by those National park budget cuts by Trump. That has been hard on the lesbians actually. Now we do like To Camp. Yeah, you do like to camp. That's Do you Actually, like, you guys like camp? We like to camp, yeah. Yeah. Wow. Nobody likes to camp. No, I refuse to believe that anyone actually likes to camp. No, my friends are camping right now without me. I had to skip it to come to this show. Wow. You're welcome.


I no, I, I don't understand camping either, but that's why, that's why the flag has different colors on it, You know, that's why we have different, that's Why straight women are our natural allies. Hello? Straight women. You don't like to camp either, do you? You don't like to camp. Yes. I often believe that the, that the next great political realignment is when the straight women and the gay guys join forces and the straight guys in the lesbians join forces. And that becomes our political divide. Do, do we wanna take a winner in that fight or We'll do whatever you say next up A classic, a classic direction.


We have the masks now. Oh, there we go. Now All of a sudden I'm horny. Now there, this is working for Tim. So that's a bad sign. Now TikTok has declared a mask shortage and you know, you're a former Republican, so you care a lot about a free market. That's an opportunity for you. There's a, there's a market opening for some more. A more masculine Sarah Longwell. Have you thought about shorter hair spikes? Maybe kind of more tattoos. Oh, He was saying mask with a CI thought he was talking about like COVID masks. Get outta here. Nobody's talking about masks. Wait, no, no, I'm talking about masculine.


A masculine lesbian. Well, if this isn't your style, we can try soft, butch, respected, classy, androgynous. I think a sweater vest is is up my alley actually. Yeah, no, I, I think you could, I think we could reach for one of those in your closet for sure. And then I think one last one, I think we have diesel dyke. That's Rosa de Lario. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I honestly, I think you could try that. I really Do Too. I think sha I think shave the sides of your head. Cor I mean, honestly, This could work for you.


Thank you Straight man in the audience. Get that attitude. The fuck outta here. Thank You. It is pride month, sir. It's pride month. We say yes to whatever. And finally, just as one last option, we have the Elvira goth era that you could perhaps enter. That's where we would like to see you by the end of this pride. I feel like I Should, which one do work harder, Think appealed on my photo bits after this. So Sarah, so that's all a way of saying, You know, we, we want you to try any one of these directions is probably, we hope that even though Tim and I do take up as much space as there is Yeah.


That you feel I do, I look forward to interrupting you guys a lot during this show as you talk. I don't like the sound of that, A form of historical retaliation And I love that for us. Yeah. But now I understand, Sarah, you've, you've collected a, a dossier of your own. So here's the thing. Tim and I actually go way back, like recliners back. Like we have been friends since like 2006 when I had to go pick him up after the cops arrested him. And for some reason his first call was to his boss because they needed a responsible adult to pick him up and drive his trust fund Cadillac home for him.


I don't recall this. Did that happen? That's a real thing that happened. Are you sure? I remember pulling up was the cab, what was I wearing? Because I also had a life. I was also out partying. Okay. And I had to pull up in a cab. This guy's, let's try to keep this believable. I pull up in a cab and this guy is sitting on the curb. It's, it's almost Christmas. I remember because the cop wished me a Merry Christmas as I was taking Tim away. And Tim's sitting there in the tiniest little glittery tank top you've ever seen. While the cop lights are going, the red and whites are spinning. I remember the cabby said to me, You know, coming out is a challenge, okay? And I went through some rocky times. I'm sure there are people in the room C can relate to that.


It's, it's not nice to bully me about it all these years later. Well, I told you somebody's gotta bring the top energy. So anyway, so Tim and I, Tim and I have been, have been friends for a very long time. And so I have a lot of old pictures of Tim. And so I thought we'd just do something really quickly called the Tim Eras tour. I love this. That sounds fun. I love this. Let's go. This is the Tim. This is the Tim Beard era. Holy shit. Look at that. Look at that. That is hot. I, I wanna draw your attention to the fact that I spilled my drink all over my shirt. Look Tim, if you had kept that up a little bit longer, you could have been speaker of the house.


What else we got? Oh yeah. I called this Tim's free Palestine era. That's Tim's husband. Actually, look how far we go back. Ugh. Tyler Twin's taller. That was pride of 2008. How about that? Oh yeah. Okay. This is Tim's frat bro. Era. What are you chugging? A 40 at the orange. Wait a second. Headquarters. Wait, Who is that in the background? Is That Sean Spicer? That is Sean. Fucking Spicer.


Shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame. Wow. And if I kept that up, I'd be a newsmax. That's How quickly, that's how quickly we could have our own dictator on our side. It's that best. On a fucking dime. On a dime. Sorry Sarah. Please continue. I'm sorry. Sorry for them. Look at this twink schoolboy era. That's hot. Yeah, This was around the time I met Tim. And he had a pair of fake glasses that he wore. This was his like superman to Clark Kent thing that he did. It was like glasses, straight glasses off. Gay.


They were not prescription. I did wear non-prescription spectacles. Oh My. You know, yeah. For those listening I was for those was A gag. For those listening, that is a photo of Tim. Sarah and another Sarah Palin of Alaska. You know what's so funny? You hear former Republican but then you feel it, then you feel it right here in the middle of the chest.


You betcha. I call this Tim's Why we did it Era. Which you only know if you've read Tim's book. But it's a good joke if you've got Tim's book. All right, next one. This is Tim's please clap era. We have Tim and Jeb Bush. Wow. Now look at this. This is just, If only we had Jeb, you guys didn't fucking deserve Jeb. Okay? I don't want to hear any of this nonsense. If only we had Jeb people say to themselves all the time.


Last one. Last one. Okay. That's not cute. I said only cute pictures. This is, this is lastly, this is Tim's finally famous era. And I want you to know this is from the other day when Tim yelled at our staff because he didn't look cute enough in his YouTube photo. And honestly, and you know what? You know what? You know what? That's exactly what Tim should do. That that faces is his goddamn money maker. Thank you. All right. And we can't do anything. Probably we can be honest about the fact that we wanna be looking good on these fucking YouTubes. Alright Sarah. Thank you. All right. All that's all my Tim. But I do have a bonus for Love It. 'cause I didn't have old pictures of him.


I, his freshman year college roommate and I worked together and I was like, give me something. And he said no. So John must be like a scary gay like Loyalty. Yeah, loyalty. So I had to do something else. So one thing that John and I have in common is that we both love the show Survivor. Okay? I've watched every season of Survivor and when I saw that they announced Jon Lovett was gonna be on the show, I was so fucking pissed. I was like, now they will never have another gay middle aged podcaster on the show.


And I've missed it. I'll never get to do this. Luckily this happened. First person voted out of Survivor. 47 John, that's four. That's enough. Need to bring me a torch. They misspelled your name. I Didn't. Let's just watch the whole fucking thing. Relive it. Relive it all. Trump Spoke. Play it again Bright and fast. Go. Alright, bye. You know I have a little behind the scenes story from one of our podcasts in the period between when John came home from Survivor and when they announced that he was the first person eliminated, we did a podcast together.


And on the show I was like, by the way, I know you did terrible. And he goes, how do You know? I said, you look exactly the same as when you left. And I've seen the end of Survivor and people that make it long, they get tan, they lose weight. So I was like, you look the same. And he made me cut it. He was like, Sherry Redstone will get mad at me. And CBS if we leave it in. Oh, Sherry Redstone. There is a fragile alliance between former Republicans and current democrats. Fragile alliance. Okay. Okay. Well I got, this is my last thing. I did get this one picture out of your roommate, which is So, so here's The thing, this is, I just have to ask you 'cause I think I might know why you lost.


Are you practicing making fire just like on concrete? Like I was learning how to spark the flint. I was really trying to get the fire started. I was learning, I bought a machete on Amazon, which you shouldn't be able to do. And yet and yet. But yes, that is me trying to learn how to make fire. Which if you had, if I had managed to miss more than three dinners, you might've seen, Okay, that's the end of my day. That's the end of my photos bit. Well Yikes. Can you make fire? I can make fire. I learned to make fire. Not as good at making friends, but I can make fire. Turns out you gotta make fire and you gotta make friends.


Which was harder for you getting voted off first to the fact that none of them had heard of your podcast. When we come back, Excuse me, we're staying. Oh, we have one more little item. Oh, sorry. You're right, you're right. Oh my God, I had one Item. You're right. It's okay. Well no it's, we added it to the show late, so it's fine. It makes sense. I, I just figured that since we had the world's messiest divorce during pride month, we should probably just talk about it a little bit. So You know, my take on this might be a little different than you expect. 'cause I was thinking about it on the plane here and I was like, You know, thinking about Donald and Elon gay men in the crowd, maybe there's more that unites us than divides us.


It turns out, I know it doesn't seem likely, but, but bear with me here. You have a relationship between two white male narcissists. It hits the skids, the breakup explodes in a messy ketamine fueled cat fight. There's accusations of bad behavior at sex parties and reckless spending of the couple's finances. That's a Gail as old as time. I'm surprised this didn't burst out into the open at a 14th street brunch. We've all seen the ark. You know, the only question I have is, which one Spirals and spends the night taking stranger's loads in the dark room at the green lantern.


My money's on elo. Was that too much? No, I don't think so. You can keep that one as a souvenir. I can't throw I'm gay. We'll give it to you later. I also feel like we're kind of living a preview of the Sophie's choice facing the children of gay divorce. I don't know about you. I feel bad for those children. Like imagine having to choose who you want to have custody. The K hole circuit dad or the country theater queen. Talk about hard choices by Hillary Clinton. Did you write any of that? Was that part? No, not involved. Involved. Okay. One other thing I never expected from this whole saga was that a straight man would end up becoming the poster boy for mixing meth.


And Kay, I thought that was our thing. I don't understand any of these jokes. That's great. The jokes are for, the jokes are for the seven gay men of the age of 50 in the crowd. What's up boys? The good news is now we get a name for getting so geeked on a K and Tina snowball that you spend all night posting onto Sniffy or X. We can call it getting Doge. And let me tell you guys, if you're out there after that choice of on show tomorrow, boys are gonna be getting Doge all over town. So watch your apps.


That was beautiful Tim. That's All we got. That was my tight five on the gay divorce. And on that note, when we come back, Tim's gonna sit down with Andre Herandez Ramiro's lawyer to talk about what brought us all here together. So we'll be right Back.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Incog. If you've ever searched for your name or address on Google, it's shocking to find how many results have your personal information and it's not by chance. Data brokers and people search sites collect your personal information, your name, address, phone number, financial info, income, and hundreds of other records. They sell and share it publicly without your consent. But Incog is here to put an end to that. It hunts down these unethical sites and gets your info removed from the places that expose your private information. You don't have to email anyone, fill out forms or jump through hoops. They handle the entire process for you. Incog also continuously monitors to see if your data makes its way onto these databases and will request repeated removals keeping your info off of them forever so you get fewer spam calls, fewer emails and more peace of mind. Incog even offers a family and friends plan to extend protection to up to four additional members. Just create an account and authorize them to act on your behalf. Incog then handles the data removal process and keeps you informed of their progress. All of information is all over the place. You need a service like this to help get it off the internet and scrub the internet as best they can. Right now you can get 60% off an annual plan by going to incog.com/psa and use code psa. That's I-N-C-O-G-N i.com/psa and use the code PSA at checkout.


Next level PET people will do anything for their dogs. That means treating them with next level protection from parasites with next guard plus a Fox aligner, moxidectin and parental chewable tablets. Nexgard Plus Chew provide one and done monthly protection against fleas, ticks, heartworm disease, roundworms and hookworms. All in a tasty beef flavored chew used with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurologic disorders. Dogs should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventive. Ask your vet about NexGuard Plus Choose.


You don't get the fancy intro like everybody else. Okay. Introduce yourself. Tell everybody who we're talking to. Hi everybody, I am Lindsay Toczylowski, I'm the president and CEO of the Immigrant Defenders Law Center. Thank you. It's so great to see you in person finally after all of our Twitter dms. It's unfortunate we had to use Elon's platform to talk, but You know, it's nice that he brought us together. I'm glad he brought us together. I'm just so appreciative of all the work that you're doing and I'm so grateful that we are able to support your guys' work with this event tonight. I got, I should say, I got a text from Congressman Richie Torres's folks, they donated a thousand dollars to your group as well since he couldn't be here tonight.


So we're doing the best we can. But I thought that, why don't you start by just telling us about Andre and how you got to know him and how you got to represent him. Sure. So Andre is an asylum seeker from Venezuela. He came to the US last year when he was in Venezuela as a gay man. He faced in incredible discrimination. He also was politically persecuted. He was physically hurt, he was followed home by police officers. So he made the incredibly difficult decision to come to the US but he had a really rich life there. He's been in a theater troop since he was seven years old.


He actually worked on the Miss Venezuela pageant. He was in pageants himself as a contestant. Now is That common in Venezuela for trend deua men to be working on the Miss Venezuela pageant? You know, I don't think that's been a cover I've seen before. Okay. Yeah, not common. He also worked professionally as a makeup artist. He, You know, had this really rich life. He's close to his mom. So for him to flee and come to the United States, things were really bad and it was really difficult for him to live authentically there. So he came to the US and he did everything that we were asking people to do. He made an appointment, he waited in Tijuana for that appointment.


He, once he got into the US he was kept in an ice prison in San Diego. From the moment he arrived here, he's never stepped free in the United States at all. During that time, he passed his credible fear interview, which means he was on his way to getting asylum. We started representing him in December of last year. We were in the process of waiting for a court hearing for him and he was disappeared by the Trump administration on March 15th. And so since you had started, you'd been talking to him that time. I mean, did you kind of expect that or what was the situation between kinda December and March? Yeah, so we were getting ready to move forward with his asylum case.


We had a hearing on March 13th. He was really suffering in an ice detention center, which is one of the reasons that we worry so much about what it's like for him now in a torture prison in El Salvador. Suffering how Suffering he was sexually harassed. He was, he had actually made complaints in, this is a detention center in San Diego, but he also was doing other things while he was there, including at one point he gave us a, it was sort of like a business plan, a 19 page business plan that he had created for a nonprofit that he wanted to start. And it was to help kids who were homeless and to help, You know, other gay kids.


And he was planning to do that once he got out. And he wanted to know if we could show it to the judge to show that he had good intentions here in the us Now you do a lot of these case, bring 'em fucking back. Yeah, it's ridiculous. You know, the Andre case has just taken up so much of it's good. It's gotten attention taking so much of my brain power. But I, I know you represent other folks as well are like, are there any other stories you wanna tell us about the people that you represent that are in El Salvador? So we represent eight other men who are also at the same KO prison in El Salvador that Andre is. One of them is Arturo Suarez.


He's a professional singer. He actually had a baby born since he's been there who he is never met. Another is Miguel Rojas Mendoza. He was picked up in Louisiana while working as a horse trainer and rancher. He actually had TPS, so he had protected status here in the United States. He has two children and his children's names were the tattoos that he had that likely landed him there. And there are so many other stories, so many other Andres that could be part of the more than 235 men who were sent on those US government planes to El Salvador. How do you not become just consumed by rage?


Murderous rage? That's a personal question. I'm looking for advice. You know, I think that every single day that I'm here, I feel like I'm doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing. And I think all of the other, And I, and I think all of the other, we have a huge team that's working on Andres case, other immigrant defenders, other colleagues. We have a case that is actually the JGG versus Trump case. It's happening here right now. We got a positive decision this week. So we are keeping hope alive. I believe, I know in my heart that we will get him back and we're not gonna stop fighting until we do.


And so I think it, You know, to answer your question about rage, we're channeling our rage for good at this moment because what the hell else are we gonna do? Okay, I'm just gonna play that back to myself from time to time to try to use your wisdom to help me out. Okay. We had a little news today with the kil Mare Garcia case there, I guess kind of, I mean it's good, but also fuck these people is just from the legal perspective, what does that development say to you about all these other cases? So the news that we got in kil mater's case is that he's on his way back to the United States. What that says to me is they need to stop lying.


That it's impossible. And if they can bring him back, they can bring on three back. Yeah. And this is the thing about all these cases, like the reason why they're bringing Kilmore back is 'cause they wanna make it about the details of kil Mar's life, which I don't know about one way or the other, but like that's the fucking point here, right? Like you can't kidnap 250 people, send them to a foreign gulag and then just be like, well, whatever. We'll see what happens. Some of them are bad guys, some of them, right? Like that is the, the issue here. And so how do you think about like framing that for people so we don't get bogged down in the details of individual cases, right. In many ways what happened, I mean there's lots of legal things I could tell you about the Alien Enemies Act and all these things and I won't thank you.


You're welcome. But you got the call to get to. But what I can say is that his case is fundamentally about due process. And due process is most important. When the government is accusing you of a crime or alleging you are a gang member. The only thing that stands between any of us ending up in a prison in El Salvador, just like on three, is the fact that we have due process, we have constitutional rights when those are trampled. When you are like on three whisked away without getting to speak to your lawyer, without knowing where you are going, without being given an opportunity to refute what the government is saying about you, your day in court. This is what happens. And if it can happen to him, it could happen to any one of us.


And that's why this case is not just about three, it's not just about the 240 men. It's about the future of our democracy and whether or not we're gonna fight for it. All right, last thing, what can, obviously folks here care about this, they showed up tonight. We really appreciate all of you. What else can people do? Well, we're so grateful for this. You know, donating to organizations like Immigrant Defenders Law Center and our partner organizations is so important because it helps us to do this work. All of our work is done for free for the clients. And so being here is really important. But we're asking people to continue to shine a light on this case, continue to lift up his story, lift up the stories of all these men.


You can go to free andre.org and we, you will see toolkits so you can reach out to your elected representatives. But really the US government here, the Trump administration trying to erase his existence. And so what we need people to do is keep his story alive, don't let them erase him. And most importantly, talk to your family and friends. Those that live in Republican districts, make sure that they're going to town halls, that they are asking the questions about when on three is coming back and when he's gonna get his day in court. That is the best thing that people can do. I admire you so much. Thank you so much for everything you're doing. That's Lindsay. Appreciate her. Thank you everybody. Yeah. Stand up.


Alright, up next. I don't know love. It's gonna do something. Oh wait, I get to Stay. You stay, you stay there. Tim. What? It's time to bring back one of our classic, classic segments. Now we, it has another name we tonight in honor of pride, we're gonna call it something slightly different because it's time for a segment. We call Bitch Stop. And here's how it works. We roll a clip and whenever we like, we say, bitch, stop and to talk about it tonight we have Jesse Waters bitch, stop talking about, talking about what else?


The human form. Let's roll the clip. Now, I was at a resort a little while back and I saw Senator Thune at the gym. The man is jacked and the guy is in great shape and he lifts hard. And you look at Schumer, he's built like a woman. Now. Men do not wanna be led by the party of women. Bitch, stop. Hate to hand it to Jesse Waters, but I don't know, show me the lie. I mean, my husband's a big John Thon fan over there. He is getting excited just listening to the description. Oh, you find, you find you like that kind of 20 years ago. Okay, 20. So, I'm sorry, 20 years ago you had a crush on John Thon.


Wow. That strong jaw. Is he a Dakota man? Yeah. Nice. I have a question. Do men refuse to be led by women? Yes. I don't know if you want the answer to that. You guys, as best I can tell, follow drag queens around everywhere and you're telling A little something you might need to know about drag queens. I walked into that one. I I had a drag queen. We had a drag queen show up to, this is the second Tyler shout out of the segment to his 40th birthday party. He is 40 now. My father came and the drag queen walks into the event and my dad looks at my sister-in-law and he is like, that's a man, right?


That, that was Sarah as well. Not sure exactly what's happening underneath the we, I also just think it's a funny thing to say 'cause it's like, are people really following John Thune? Is is John Thon our leader? Well, that's a good question. And he is lies though. You have to say about John Thune. He's Very fit. He's that's true. Yeah, that's true. And it is also fair to say that sometimes with Chuck Schumer, the medium is the message. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You Know, what I remember about Schumer is remember when he was like, the people are aroused. I've never seen the people so aroused and I thought, Chuck Schumer, you might need to, it might be time, man. It, it might be time for something else. I I also just Wow, No shade to Chuck Schumer, but, and it has nothing to do with this gym.


Wait, just actually real quick, what is the obsession among Republican men now to talk about like, what it means to be a man? Like this is, this is like a weird thing that's going on. You're turning to me for that, my expertise on that. I think You know more about it than I do. I just think that, You know, when you have somebody like Donald Trump at the top, You know, somebody that's really, really fit won, won several golf tournaments, is like the 18 time champion of the Bedminster Seniors golf tournament. And so when you have somebody with that kind of athletic prowess leading the movement, I, I just think it kind of trickles down Among, there's, among the people, there's a, a connection to like, so, so obviously we're gonna have this military parade next week.


Oh, I guess you're not fans of the anniversary of the Continental Army, not fans of what George Washington did for all of us. Shame on you. But, You know, Michael Belo was talking about, I'm sorry to bring, bring up that name here, but, but Okay, but what's the next segment? But no, but Eisenhower said he doesn't want, You know, military parades. We did one after World War I and World War ii. We've done them in, in, in event of big victories after the Civil War. We don't just have military parades on a random day because what Eisenhower said is that's not strong. That's fucking weak. That's what weak countries do to pretend that they're strong.


And, and you see, like Jesse Water is going tells you be like, well, men should do this. And men can't do that. And they can't eat soup and they can't drink from straws. And it's like, why is the stronger thing to be unable to do stuff? Yeah. Like why I don't under, I genuinely don't understand it. It's like you're, you can't do all these things. Being a man means you have to do much, much less. That's how you show how strong you are. That doesn't make any sense to me. That doesn't make any sense a little At all. It is a little faggy to eat soup. Let's just be honest. Is that wrong? I don't know. But when I see the slurping, when I see Donald Trump throwing himself a big, like military parade with tanks, that's when I really think about tiny Ds.


Like Yeah, for sure. That Is a one big compensation ceremony For sure. For sure. Yeah. Like, look at that ICBM going by. So how could I, You know, You know, like, it's, it's the Corvette, it's the, it's the internet. It's the military version of the, the Corvette. Right? In a sense, let's continue the clip. Men wanna be led by other men. So Democrats need to become men and then they could persuade men, but they have to lift first. I'm serious. There's a, there's a quote by Maya Angelou. Oh, thank you. Could you ask permission from Dana before you keep going? People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did.


But people will never forget how you made them feel. Bitch, stop. How many loops in that fucking grave do we think she did? Like is it a full, like how many, like, it's like, like a car going over a cliff. She's like, I'm bottom. You know, just fully rolling and rolling and rolling and rolling. It must be hard to be a man 'cause it's like you can't drink out of straws, but you must quote Maya Angelou. How much Maya do you think Jesse's read? Like, how familiar with his ra do you think he is? Oh, I, I think he's familiar with brainy quotes.com. I think he's also like, as Abraham Lincoln once said, live, laugh, love.


According to Gandhi, you miss all the shots. You don't take quoting Maya Angelou on the five, on the five. People don't like the way they feel around Democrats because Democrats don't like the way they feel. And if they lifted, they feel better and then everybody around them would feel better. You had me in mind. Okay, Bitch, stop. I mean, I do think, I do think Joe Biden probably has an uncomfortable touch. I think that's true. That said, keep me as far away from Jesse Waters as possible.


You know, so I, I think that, You know, I'm not sure that he is the, the, the best messenger maybe. But should we test like, let me, what he's saying is, men like to be around men who lift fact check. True. Yeah. During WorldPride for sure. Yeah. It's so, it really is like the horseshoe theory for heterosexuality. It's like, how straight are you? I'll tell you how straight I am. I only wanna see the fucking hottest guys. I'm so straight that I don't wanna, I do not like talking to women. I don't think they're really people I wanna see fucking ripped dudes. I think about them.


I think about what it takes to be a ripped dude. It's on my mind. I see Chuck Schumer don't wanna fuck him. Something's off. Something's off Now. John Thune John Thon could have his way with me. That's called leadership. I'm a straight man. He just wants to sit there with John Thune and quote Maya Angelou back and forth. And that's what they call Saturday night. Sounds good. And that's bitch stop. Yeah. Alright. Now, while they might try to ban our books, they can't stop us from keeping the library open.


Well not the literal libraries, but the library of the gay little human heart remains open 24 7. And it's full of the gnarliest reads we hear at this show could muster. So, joining me on stage, oh wait. Oh no, no. I'm gonna go out to the audience. I know what we're doing. I know how to run a show. So here. So can we bring up the lights? Leva was on a red eye. All right. We can just let 'em. So here's how. Whoa. I don't know that guys See this much. Guys, first of all, hi everybody. Woo. So here's how this works. I'm gonna come out there. All right. And we're gonna do, we have some rose jokes and we'd like to hear you have a chance to throw some shade as the kids say 10 years ago at some of these, You know, Trump goons, if you're straight, Hey, do me a favor.


Keep your hands in your fucking pockets. All right. We love that you're here, but we don't need to hear you. Okay. Straights tonight. Seen, not heard. All right, I'm coming. He just leaves the stage. Oh, hello. Yeah, he's just Prancing around in that little skirt. Look at him. Okay. Who would like to do our first joke? Look at our prince. Who like to do Oh, I'm coming to you. I'm coming to you. I'm coming to you. Read on paper, please stay seated. I will sit. Okay. Alright. Here's the joke here.


Give us the joke. Donald Trump, given how he uses makeup and tries to destroy anyone who shares the stage with him, Donald Trump is our first drag queen president. So that's at least one queen I wouldn't trust around kids. Nice. Alright. Who wants to go now? I'm coming around. I'm coming around. I'm coming around. I'm coming around. I'm coming around. Who wanted to go over here? I saw someone. Oh, hi. Hi. Hi. All right, hit us with these, these, these JD Vance zingers, JD Vance. Talk about someone with no charisma. JD Vance has never slayed in his life, except for one time in Vatican City.


Nice. Really good. Here. Here, let's do that. Second. JD Vance one there. JD Vance has always wanted to be a man's man, but failing that he'll happily be Donald Trump's bitch. Nice. Nice. These are good. A little On the nose. Love it for that one. A little on the nose? Yeah. Okay. Good note. We'll fix it in post, I guess. Who else wants to go? Hi. Hi. Woo. All right. Alright. Here. Oh, okay. This is perfect. Okay. It says for a lesbian, but just a woman works. Okay. I don't know. I just don't know your story. I don't know your story.


Okay. Read both of these jokes. Right? Starting from there. Seeing RFK Junior always makes me wonder, can someone be a double lesbian? Yeah. You got 'em. You zinged them. You zinged them real good that way. Don't do the second one. You're doing great. You're doing great. We need more lesbian. What did you hear the power lesbian thing earlier. Confidence. Do the next bit. I'm nervous. I love You. You're nervous. That's, that's stupid. All right. Read the next, read the next one. You you got it. You're doing great. It's the same feeling as excitement. Here we go. RFK Junior is truly a man who has everything, at least according to his most recent blood work. See, that's pretty good. Did great. You're doing great.


Great job. From a, from a, the, the spouse of a Kenyan of love. Who else wants to go? Okay, I'll come over to you. Oh, we have some more RFK material. That's fun. Hi. Yeah. Hi. Here, read this card. RFK Junior recently faced blowback after going for a swim in DC's Rock Creek. Oh, I'm sorry. I read that wrong. After swimming in DC's, rock Creek. RFK Junior blew back, blew out from diarrhea. What'd you think of that one, Tim? I I I, the execution on the read wasn't great, so I missed Oh my. I god, I missed the punchline. Wow. Shame, shame, shame, shame.


I'm in the crowd now. It feels awesome. Wait, who else wants? Okay, I'll come, come over to you. Try. Oh, my legs do look great. Thank you. Hi. Okay. Read, read this next one about, about RFK Junior. Say what you will about RFK Junior. But he's truly killing it. And by it I mean the entire herd of deer. He's hit with his car and stashed in his trunk for later. That was a good read. Sarah, what'd you think of that one? That, well, I think it was well read, well Delivered. Beautiful. Oh, look at that. Look at them. Okay. Who wants to go next? Who wants to? Okay. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Okay. Hi. Hi. Okay. Oh, Sarah.


Sarah and Tim. We have two Mike Johnson jokes that are in the same kind of vein. Okay. All right. And we couldn't decide. So you're gonna pick your favorite. Okay. All right. Joke number one. Oh, great. I have to read Mike Johnson. Well, what'd you think was gonna happen when you raise your fucking hand? No, you're out. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I'm A nervous reader. English is my second language. Mike Johnson threw all of his weight behind one big beautiful bill this month. He also held past the budget reconciliation package. That one's a thinker. Yeah, she did great. What? Understand that He put all his weight behind big.


Beautiful Bill. Bill is a guy, a man named Bill, and it's not a great sign. You have to explain the joke. Did, but you really enjoyed it. No, you did. That was a joke for work. Think that that's kinda like my choice. Si on joke ro it was only for me. Okay, well let's try this one. You wanna go? Okay, here we go. Here. Okay. Mike Johnson uses an app where he and his son monitor each other's porn use, presumably to prevent him from looking at one big, beautiful guy named Bill. That's good. I forgot about that First one. First one was better. First one. First one. Alright. Hi. Hi. Kind of a Okay here. High minded. Dan Bino.


FBI, deputy Director. You're right. Dan Bino Epstein did kill himself after listening to your shitty podcast. Got Him. I like that. Got him. I like that. Now That's Combining. Want everyone to know something. I believe that is the first time someone has edited the joke as he read it. And you know, next time it's, it's one for me and then one for you. Okay. Oh, hi. Hi. Hi. Okay. Hi. Oh my god, I'm so sweaty. Okay. Oh, there's so many people over here. Love It. You can have enough energy for the club later.


Think about that. Swamp ass. What happens if things get a little frisky tonight? We'll be right. Back up next. Sarah gets into it with Congressman Robert Garcia. Yes.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money with prices going up on just about everything Lately, being smart with your money isn't just a good idea. It's essential. But managing subscriptions, tracking, spending, and cutting costs can feel overwhelming. Lucky for you. Rocket Money takes the guesswork out of it so you can easily make smart decisions. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. You can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. You can see your monthly spending trends in each category to know exactly where your money is going. This is important 'cause when you, when you track your spending by category, then you can look and be like, I'm spending that much money on ordering Postmates and DoorDash. That doesn't seem right. Too much. So that's important. You also can get alerts if bills increase in price or there's unusual spending activity or if you're close to going over budget. So that's nice and helpful. The new goals feature automatically saves money for you so you don't have to think about it. You can help pay off bills, put away money for a house, or just build your savings. Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. That's pretty cool. They automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service. So you don't have to This is like putting, putting Lovet out of a job. Yeah. What? He's usually the big negotiator. Yeah. I like to negotiate. And Rocket Money's gonna do it for you now. Oh no. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter our show name Pod Save America in the survey so they know we sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


Hey, this is Will Anette, host of Smartless. Smartless is a podcast with myself and Sean Hayes and Jason Bateman, where each week one of us reveals a mystery guest to the other two. We dive deep with guests that you love, like Bill Hader, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, David Beckham, Kristen Stewart, and tons more. So join us for a genuinely improvise and authentic conversation filled with laughter and newfound knowledge to feed the smartless mind. Listen to Smartless now on the SiriusXM app. Download it today.


Please welcome Congressman Robert Garcia from California. There you sit right here. Okay. Because my drinks right here, My friend. Thank you for being here. Happy To be here. You know, I have been so impressed with you because you have been very vocal, you've been outspoken, you've been somebody who's been standing up and saying something about Andre and what's happening. Tell me why. Yes, yes. Cheer, tell me why it upset you so much. Tell me why you got vocal. Absolutely. I mean, I mean, first thank you all for being here. Andrea is such, especially during pride month, this is such an important story for all of us to uplift and to push.


This is what's happening right now, should be alarming and concerning every single person in this country and what's happening, every single person. So for, for me, I'm, I obviously as a openly gay person, I'm also an immigrant. I came to this country as a young kid, and so I feel very much I can relate and I connect to his story. And what drives me absolutely crazy is that we, the United States government gave Andrew the appointment. We told him, come to the United States at a port of entry on this date and on this time for your asylum process and interview.


We told him to come to the interview. So he comes to the port of entry to do his interview. He passes the, that first check that essentially that first interview process. And then after that he gets, of course, sent to the detention center and then taken to a country that he's not from in a foreign prison that we know nothing about with no proof of life. That is shameful. Donald Trump, Christie Noam, Marco Rubio should all be ashamed of themselves. They're causing massive harm. Yeah. Not just to Andrew. Yeah. But to everybody else. And We, This, this fires me up because I, I don't understand how we can be so cruel as a country.


This is a country that was built largely on immigrant labor. And we know this to be true. And I, I remember, You know, we went down to El Salvador to advocate for not just Andrew, but to ensure that people are getting their due process. And I think what's really important, what I've told folks, including some more conservative members and Republicans, I've said, look, regardless of your opinion on the immigration debate, and we all have different opinions, this is about due process. This is about the Constitution of the United States and whether we, whether we're gonna defend it. And I remember looking at the ambassador, the US Ambassador to El Salvador in El Salvador, just directly at him, not, we were this close away from each other.


And I shared with him Andrea's story, and he looked right back to me and said, You know, I, this is the first I've, I've heard of this. And I'm sitting here thinking, we've been promoting and talking about him, and people are talking about him across the country, and this is the first that you are hearing about his story. And he, that part, and he, You know, he that day told me that he would be, he would do an inquiry and he actually did the first official inquiry to try to get a wellness check on him, which of course, we never got. And so since then to now, the work you're all doing to telling his story is so important.


We cannot forget him. We must get a proof of life. We are demanding a proof of life check. And I'm just, I'm just grateful just to be a part of, of advocating for, for him and his story. Well, thank you for doing that, and thank you for being here. You know, they are bringing, we just found out, we just found out they're gonna bring Kmar Abrego Garcia back and they're going to try him, which is just, that is it. Right? I think, I think the Republicans right now are sort of like, oh, we're gonna show you that this is a bad guy. And I'm sort of like, I don't care if he's a bad guy because he still deserves due process. Like that is what we're doing here.


Right? That's right. Like if he's a bad guy, prove it and then we can all move on. But like, That's exactly right. But, But here's, look, I spent a long time as a Republican, and I haven't seen it for maybe a decade now, but when I was coming up as a Republican, they talked a lot about the constitution, about due process, about the rule of law, about all these things that mattered to them. That became sort of the, that there were the underpinnings of democracy. How do your Republican colleagues justify sending people, disappearing them to foreign countries without due process? Well, I think, I mean, they can't, I mean, the, the, the reality is, is that they, they're completely focused on doing whatever Donald Trump tells them to do, following their, their leader.


And they know, and many of them know that the things we're advocating for are against the constitution. I mean, the constitution means nothing to them anymore. And, you know, I I, and I really believe this, there, there are probably other immigrants here in, in, in this theater, and I truly believe this, that immigrants, those of us that have gone through the process of, of becoming us citizens, we are some of the most patriotic people in this country. We, we love this country. And I, I think, You know, like I, I have the right to be a US citizen and get the honor of serving in Congress because I fought for citizenship. I fought for the thing that most folks here were born with.


So immigrants that go through that process believe in this country, and we wanna fight for it. And so in the case of these Republicans, I mean, they most are, have been born into this incredible honor and privilege of being a United States citizen and forget where their parents or their grandparents came from. And the struggles that they had to go through to also come to, to this country. And I'll, I'll say this, and you, you mentioned the, the Abrigo Garcia case. We have the Supreme Court in a nine to zero decision, said that he deserved his due process. And the important thing is, is everyone deserves their day in court.


I don't know what, what Mr. Abrigo Garcia did or didn't do, but he does have a right under the Constitution to defend himself in front of a judge in a courtroom. And he has that right. And so whether what he did or what he didn't do, that will be up to a judge and a jury. What we have to do in every single person in this room needs to do is to defend the constitution of the United States, which affords, as we all know, all persons, not just us citizens. It affords all persons in this country the right to do process. And we can't forget that The founders knew what they were doing when they said all persons they knew, You know, I was just, we did a rally right before this.


Maybe some of you were there, but I do just wanna say something that I said there. Yeah, great. Thank you for coming. Thank you for coming. It was my first, like I said, my first rally, my first protest. But You know, when you came up as a young Republican, I swear to God, Republicans were different on immigration than they are now. I remember, I'm telling you, Reagan used to say he had this great line about how you could go to Japan and you'd never be Japanese and you could move to France and you'd never be a Frenchman. But any person with freedom in their heart who loved the ideals of America, could come be an American. And that was a thing that we people like agreed was an American value. That's right. Yeah. I'm gonna quote Reagan up here.


All right. So, so tell me, this is something I've wondered and a lot of people ask that this shows, they don't wanna know, what can I do? And one of the things they ask is, they're like, I don't know, I call my congressman, but I don't know if it matters. You're a congressman. Tell us, does it matter when people Call it, it does matter. And I think that we, we and, and all others, especially, You know, folks that are engaged, we, we track what folks that call what they're calling about. It does matter. What we also need though, we need folks to call Republicans. We need folks to call those Republican members that need to be held accountable for just blindly supporting Donald Trump's policies. And we have to, we have to understand that at this moment we have to be engaged.


And I will tell you this right now, what's happening tonight and telling Andrew's story, please share his story. We have an opportunity also during Pride Month where there's more attention on our stories to uplift what's happening to him. 'cause we know it's not just about him, but he does represent that idea of due process. And by uplifting him, we are uplifting due process. We're uplifting the Constitution and trying to make our country and the world a better place. Yeah. I have one last important question. Sure. So you were very involved in ousting, a colleague of yours named George Santos, AKA Quintara Ravage.


Yes. Why'd you do, what was, what was the reason for that gay on gay violence? Man, I have, I have, I have so many George Santos stories. It would, I'd be, we'd be here all night, but I'll, I'll, I'll just start. I met, I met him and I met George during our orientation. And You know, first I was struck, of course, I obviously gay Latino. And on the other side is another gay Latino. And I thought, well, maybe there's, You know, an opportunity here just to have some like, bipartisan friendship. I mean, I don't know, I, I knew that he was already, his ideas were already pretty extreme. And so I generally not try not to engage with people that don't believe in like, human rights for lgbtq plus people and other folks.


And as we more, we learned more and more about him, I just got really angry about it. And I thought, this is someone that is working to dismantle our rights, and yet you're from the same community. And so, pretty early on, I mean, I was a freshman, I, You know, I made the very first expulsion motion on the floor of the house to expel George Santos. And I submitted, And everyone, a lot of folks were like, this is a bad idea. You're a freshman, you shouldn't do this. And, and I, and I was like, fuck it. Like we gotta, You know, we gotta do, we gotta lean in, like we gotta do it. And I remember, You know, we filed the resolution and we forced a vote.


And that initial vote that we took is what then got Kevin McCarthy at the time to then take that, that motion table it, send it to the ethics committee for them to do that report the ethics. Doximity does a report. And then months later, once that report comes out, it triggered that second expulsion vote that then they, 'cause the report came out and everybody was like, I'm sorry, what? Exactly. And then that came, and then that came out. And, and then of course we expel expelled them really quickly. The day of the vote, I went to the back of the house with him and I said, and he wanted to talk. I said, let's talk. So we go to the back by the cloak room and we're about to vote to expel him, like in like within 30 minutes.


And that's awkward. Yeah. And obviously, and I, You know, I helped start the whole thing. And so he we're in the back and he's trying to convince me still that he shouldn't get expelled. And I remember just, and I looked him right in the eye and I said, You know, I said, I said, George, I said, one is you deserve to be expelled, but I also hope that you can reflect and you take this time to think about who you are. And that, and deep down, like, I, I want you to get better. Like, I want, I, there was a moment like where I felt I was just looking at somebody that was really sad and, and it doesn't excuse the horrific things that he has done or voted on.


And he should be held accountable for those. And he is now gonna be held accountable for the crimes he committed. Yeah, he's been indicted. Exactly. But I, i, I, there was a moment where I, I, You know, I did feel so us as gay people, as queer people, we, we have sometimes have a very hard path to getting to who we really are. And so I felt a little bit for him and I'm glad he's gonna be held accountable for what he did. And I hope that on his way out, he works on himself. You have a good heart, man. Guys, let's give it up. Alright, thank you so much. Thank you. Happy pride. Happy pride. Happy pride. I gotta tell you. Thank you so much, Congressman.


I have to, I gotta tell you. I thought that what, what? I couldn't let Lovet be the only one in a fucking skirt. I'll stand here, I'll stand here. It couldn't be showing up, but I Love blocking. You just stood right in front front trying protect You. You're blocking. I'm sorry. This You just stood right in front of Sarah. Well, yeah. Is Sarah still here? The, I was thinking that George Santo's cloak room story was gonna go somewhere else. So I gotta tell you, I thought you were building this. Absolutely not. When you told, you went to the cloak room where the dark Place, and you told, told him, I, I hope you get help. What did he say? No, I think that he was just, I mean, honestly, he was really upset and sad and he said, thank you, I hope I do too. Something to that effect. And then we voted to expel him, And then he went to go sit down for an interview with Zi.


We thank you so Much. Thanks guys. Thank you for being here. Thanks guys.


Patte of America is brought to you by the human rights campaign all across America. Trump and his MAGA cronies are trying to roll back L-G-B-T-Q rights, pushing bills that promote hate. It's gross, despicable, and has no place in our country. That's why we are proud to be partnering with the human rights campaign today for HRC. Supporting L-G-B-T-Q rights isn't just a mission, it's a promise to stand up against hate. That means confronting Trump's dangerous anti L-G-B-T-Q agenda. Head on this pride month show your support for L-G-B-T-Q equality. John, I just think after you've said LGBT Q4 times, you should just get to say gays and ays. Thank you. I I give you that permission. It's Really, once you get to the T and the Q, it's the GG is hard gb. I don't know, there's something in all fire. All of them together. Lgbt, He's a great ally. He's a great ally. LGBT Gbt, great ally can do that. That's pretty easy. Go to HC dot I am slash give now to donate and propel H c's critical work forward. Your donation to HRC helps drive progress, protect theys and gays rights. Yeah, see, it's good. And build a world where every L-G-B-T-Q person can live openly and thrive free from fear. The fight for equality has been significantly harder this year. Our fundamental freedoms and our very existence are under attack by those in power. And that's why this pride, HRC needs your support to help fight back against the escalating threats to our rights and our progress. This work is only possible with the support of folks like you. We face incredible challenges, but we must continue to fight for the future We believe in. Together we can do this because these colors don't run nice. If you, If you can please give today at hrc dot iam slash give. Now that's hrc dot iam slash give. Now.


Hey, this is Will Anette, host of Smartless. Smartless is a podcast with myself and Sean Hayes. And Jason Bateman, where each week one of us reveals a mystery guest to the other two. We dive deep with guests that you love, like Bill Hader, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, David Beckham, Kristin Stewart, and tons more. So join us for a genuinely improvise and authentic conversation filled with laughter and newfound knowledge to feed the smartless mind. Listen to Smartless now on the Sirius XM app. Download it today.


Listen, pride, it's about anything. It's about the superiority of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, queer, asexual, two spirits, whatever is going on with the i plus plus. If you're in the plus still you're figuring out, no, none of those apply to me. I'm plus I am. Plus, if you're plus love that too for you, which is why it's time for a game. We're calling Capture the flag. Nope.


Okay, there we go. Oh, wow. Now, oh, you Guys were very generous to yourselves there. Well, I don't know. It looks about right for me. That's just, I don't know about love. That's just me after a pump. Get my pump on, get the lighting right. That's all it takes. Now we can't just do this with gays alone because it's time to pit the gays against the straits. So we need some, some we need, we need some support. All right, let's start by bringing out one additional member of our, our gay family to help us round out your team. This will be Sarah and Tim. Let's please welcome to the stage DC's own wonderful drag queen Tara Hoots.


Woo. Oh, hey. Hey girl. What's happening here? Why don't, Tara, why don't you go right here for now. Alright. Just in case there's con confusion. I'm a man in a dress. All right. Literally three men. I'm the only one in pants. Well, You know, like, look, so when crooked and crooked in the Bulwark, we're deciding to figure out how to do this event, we're like, well, we gotta figure out who to talk to. And we said, who wears the pants at the bull board? Yes. That should have worked better.


That was Pearls before swine. Sometimes it's my fault. That one's on you. Hoots. Yes. Dar. I love that. Now you're from, is it from Terra Hoot Indiana? I was born in Terra Haute, Indiana. Hence my name. Tara Hoot. Yes. Are are you Hoosiers out there? Yes. We got out. We got out Darlings. Yes. Now you are a renowned DC queen and you were bumped off the Kennedy Center programming schedule by its new artistic director and genius Donald Trump. No space on the sketch. So we actually, I was part of a drag show that was the, Trump got really mad about the family specific one.


That was one that I was involved in. Yeah. And he was angry because he thought it would be inappropriate to have somebody out there talking about drugs and all the kinds of, You know, all the horrible things that might someone might say in the space of children. Now I've been a teacher for 27 years and I've, yes, thank you. And I've been a drag queen since the pandemic. And I describe my type of drag as like Mr. Rogers in a dress. Right? That's, and like, I just wanna lift people up and if they complain about what I do, they don't know what I do. But what do you do? Basically, I started doing drag. 'cause I wanted, I thought the world was terrible and it really hasn't changed, has it?


During the pandemic, I wanted to lift people up and bring joy and love to people. So that's, that's what I do with my drag. Well thank you for being here now. Absolutely. Let's do this. Now we need to do some choreography. So I would love to have the gay team come over here. Right? Okay, Hold on. This is, is that me? Tara. Tara Hoots. Okay. And Sarah and Tim in this zone over here. Because it's time to meet your competitors. Right? Bring it on straights Now. How you doing girl? Now first up, you Really got lucky. You really got lucky. You would've had to hang out with Rick Grinnell had they kept you at the Kennedy Center. Big best firing ever happened To you. Big Dodge Bill. Now I wanna bring out two, I believe they're called.


I think it's pronounced straight. The G is silent. It's weird. Weird, actually weird that the G is silent. There's a G inside of straight, there's a G inside of every straight when you think about it. Something to think about. So please welcome from the Bulwark Sam Stein, and come on out. Sam, come on out. And Sam, Sam. And dress like a lesbian. Not even an LL really. And because Sam is straight, but in a journalist way, we wanted to bring out a man. So please welcome Michael Fanon. Who is a hero.


Come on Michael. And a former Capitol police Officer. Now that is a man. Take it off girl. Thank You Michael for being Here. Take it off. Look at this. Let's unbutton a couple of those buttons. Look at This. Look at this. Michael, I have a question for you. They love you. Has, have you find it helpful to get tips on how to be a man from Jesse Waters? No, That's that. That's a straight man.


Solid. That's a strong style. That's a straight man right there. No. Now I do wanna say that you have a little bit of advantage in this game. 'cause we were talking before the show and you have some experience. This is true. You did have to go undercover. Is this right? Is this right? I did. 2011, 2012. I spent two summers undercover working in some of your fond gay clubs right here in Washington, DC What was your favorite? We talked about this backstage. My favorite was Apex. Oh Yeah, the video bar. That video bar got real.


Now you were saying that you were, you were working with another officer, right? I was, yeah. And now the first time you did it, you went in and well, why don't you tell us what happened? Alright, so This is good stuff. I got, I got no detail. I got detail to the second district, the great second district here in Washington, DC for the summer. They were having an influx of crystal meth in a lot of the gay Tina. We call it Tina. Yeah, yeah. Tina. Yeah. So I go, so I've heard, not for me. So it was me and, and one of my buddies who was assigned to the sixth district, which is east of the Anacostia River.


And the two of us got temporarily detailed to 2D and we were part of this investigation and we were going into a bunch of different gay clubs. The first club we went to was fireplace. And so this is like my first experience in inside of, You know, a a, a place such as this. And yeah, I remember going in there and I was like, all right, alright. I, I told him, I'm not gonna name names, but we'll call him Bill. I was like, we'll, we're gonna divide and conquer. I was like, we don't know each other. We're going into the place. We're both gonna go in.


We, You know, we pros. We've been buying crack, heroin, everything else. Like we can, we can do this. And so we get into the club, I sit down at the bar and like within five shit seconds, There's like some one guy's like holding my hand and another guy's like, literally like, kissing on my ear lobe. And I was like, all right, well I'm just trying to buy some fucking drugs. So, so we came, we came back. I could just hear Michael Fanon being not that kind of Crack, right?


But I was like, yeah, whatever. Like if this, what I gotta do to, You know, get, get the, the buy I've done worse things with, You know, whatever. Let's, that's another. Anyway, so the next day we go back, the next day we go back and we, I think we hit Apex and, and we went to Nelly's and, and a couple other spots, but we were like, we're a fucking couple and we're in a monogamous, we're in a fucking monogamous relationship. Like that's ever stopped. Anybody at Nelly's before? Good job. Incredible. Incredible. So I can't think of a better straight person to join Sam In being Part of this game.


Now here's how it works. I'm gonna ask the gaze questions about straights. I'm gonna ask Straights questions about gaze and we'll see who takes it in the end, you have filthy fucking minds. Alright, God, A lot of cards there. I also have a card that just says loose lesbian questions. Alright, first question for the gays. All right? Now do you go by, do I say Tara or Yes, You can call Tara. Tara or Miss Hoot, whatever. Hoot for you. Yes. Hoots or hoot? Hoot. Ms. Hoot like Yes. I like Miss Hoot. Thanks.


Yes. Like Tara hoot. I get it. Okay, first up, director and Madison Square Garden staple. Spike Lee recently said he would give up an Oscar to see what happened. The knick win the championship. Yeah, he got it. He got it. He got it. There you go. Oh, score K. Okay. But the pace is You a big Larry Bird fan. Yeah. Little big Larry Bird hick from French Lick Dar. Big Pacers win last night. Last I know. Tyrese. S second shot. Last. Second shot, baby. I'm from a town that has two Mr Basketballs from Indiana. So try me. All right? Yes. Are There any questions about women's soccer? No, it's Now We're getting the straight.


Okay, I'm, we Got the straight question. You're straight men. Do not watch women's soccer except for the Brandy Carlisle Or whatever it Yeah, you're talking to Usain. I'm an angel city season ticket holder. Thank you very much. Alright, because One zero. Alright, you're, you're up. A new Pew research study shows that L-G-B-T-Q Americans are twice as likely to be into astrology. In astrology. Your big three consists of your rising sign, your sun sign and your what? Don't Google it, don't Google it.


You don't know tomato soup. No. What the call it out. It's your moon sign. Yes. Now I will just also say to all of you that believe in astrology, you're welcome that you get to live in the light that science fucking provides you. Unbelievable. Next up for the gaze. What brand makes these iconic patterned bags? Oh wait, I heard someone say shut up straight culture. What is this? You don't know.


They don't know. What In the fuck is this? Wow. That is hideous. That's so interesting, right? Because Sarah is a woman I should know, but she doesn't know because she's not a straight woman. Is that a purse? No. What is it? Flower power. It's lily police straight. They don't know either. I mean I like a, I see a straight woman raising her hand. What's, what is it Vera? It's Vera Bradley. Vera Bradley. Wow. I dunno. Tara Whispers to me. She goes, is it Vera Wang? I heard Vera out there. Someone says it Like Wang is in there. Wang. Next up, euphoria star Hunter Schaeffer is rumor to be up for the titular roll of what? Video game Adaptation.


That's so hard. What? Yeah, that's right. A video game adaptation starring Hunter Schafer from euphoria. You know her don't you Michael Fanon. Oh This shit is rigged. Is This the last of us? What? No, it's not the last of ah fuck. I was the only one I had. It's Zelda. It's Zelda. It's a legend of Zelda. It's a legend of Zelda. Yeah, She's a Zelda. Did You Know that one? None of your business. It's one zero. I just think their questions were gonna be things like what do poppers do for you during sex? You know what a was gonna be a little gayer. You know what, next question?


What do poppers do? That must have come up in your research as you got into character. Yeah. Yeah. So Was this not undercover Manner of ingestion inhaled? That's right. And they provide a temporary Euphoria. Okay. Yeah, there's but But what about during sex though? The question is what Do they do for you during nitrates? Yeah, that's right. He got, we go. We got a point for that. I'm giving it to him. Alright, one, one, great job. Back over to the Gaze country singer Morgan Wallen posted what phrase to his Instagram after appearing to Storm off the Saturday night Live stage back in, I Gotta get back to real America.


In Country God. Country Saved Tribe can see a lesbian saved by a drag queen. A first time for everything. Alright, next question for the Straits. What is this object? Oh, I Know. Is that a carabiner? You got it time, dude, what's up? I was gonna say that I was gonna say carabiner, but then I was thinking like, oh, this gotta be some weird sex fucking thing. That's an anal. Hey, speed lesbian. I gotta say lesbians Don't do sex.


I didn't know. We Use it to carry our keys To your Subaru. To the gaze. What two kinds of alcohol are in a Manhattan whiskey and sweet vermouth. You got it? Yes. Gotta say yes. The drag queen are carrying them. Drag queens, carrying them. Alright, another a drag theme question for our straits. Please name one of these two drag queens. Incredibly popular. Have an incredibly popular podcast. Don't say a word. Don't. Don't say a fucking word. Can you name one of these people? Oh, my fucking guy. They are famous. They are celebrities. We all know one of Them is profile.


Profile picture. Sam. Oh my God, I have no idea Who these people are. You have no idea. No idea. You know, either. I have no idea. Sarah, go here. I've never seen Shane. Shane. Shane, You know what we're done with the Ls. Yo Isn. Like I really like Sam shirt. I would wear Sam's shirt. What is Going on? Get the Ls outta here. I have no clue. Wow. Kacha. Yep. Trixie Mattel, baby. God. Yeah. All right. It's now. The game has now been revised to Tops versus bottoms. Alright. Alright. Back over to the gates. Which side Are we On last week? This Yellowstone spinoff starring Harrison Ford and Helen Muren aired at season two.


Finale. What is the name of the show? It has numbers. It's like 1862 during Prohibition. It's numbers. Yellowstone. I think it's 1860. 1862. 1945. 1935. You know, 76 wrong. 1923. Oh, we were close. I knew it was a date. Alright, what Is with you people and like horses and fucking buffalo. Who cares what's happening next on the Planes? All right. This one. Honestly, I'm nervous. Alright. What year did the Stonewall riots happen? Oh, it was in the sixties.


Okay. Getting that's, that's your one in 10 shot from here on out and in the late sixties. Ah, I'm gonna go with 60. Nice nine. You got it. Time. Somebody gave him the Eight. That's okay. We'll let him have it. Listen, we'll let him have it. Judy Garland died that year. You guys, Let's close this out. Is there a question? Nobody Cares if You know the answer to the question. Okay. It's a competition up here. Alright, so just fucking keep it to yourself. That's Right. I wanted to say that, but I can't 'cause I'm a good Christian woman. All right. This is gonna be a question for both teams. Okay?


This is it. We're tied. Bisexuals are not allowed to answer, right? It's a slow burn on that one. What was the first lesbian wedding to take place on television? Ellen DeGeneres. No. Fuck. That's just a lesbian. That's just one lesbian. That's just naming all lesbian. You could think of you Name a lesbian. I didn't say name A lesbian. Michael Vone. Name a lesbian. Sarah. Sarah.


Sarah. Sarah. I'm the Only lesbian you've heard of. Oh man. Gaze. You can take it if You know the answer. First Lesbian wedding aired on television to either of You know. Well, I put you on the other team. What the fuck? You don't know this one? Hold on. This is bad, Sarah. We should know this. Donald. Marry someone. I dunno. No. Was it in Dawson's Creek? God, no. Does anybody here know friends? It was the friends episode. The one with the lesbian wedding. Oh, and you know what? Honestly, because we have all of pride. I want to thank our straits. Yeah. For being willing to subject themselves. Hey everybody. Michael Fanon.


Sam Stein. Two equally heterosexual men. Yeah. Thank you both so much. And we're back. I've lost all my cards, but that's not important. First of all, thank you all for coming out tonight. There is nothing that brings crooked and the bull work together, quite like ranting about whatever happens to be on our minds. And so we thought we would end tonight's show in a way that was suited to to, to our great desire for yelling in a segment.


We're calling Rant Wheel. The Rant wheel. What did we call it? I think we called it Bulwark. Whatever. There's a wheel and we're gonna yell about topics. Oh my God. Do we not have a wheel? Are we up to that? Oh, here we Go. Oh, Thank God. Oh, no. Hoot. What? This is Pride. Is there something on your mind that you'd like to vent about? Just to be mad about Or, or happy about? Happy about? Is there anything you'd like to, to, to be emotional about? Around 60 seconds. Listen. Okay. 60 seconds. So drag me with a microphone.


That's at least four minutes too short. All right. So I do wanna say, I'm, I'm, I did an event on Wednesday and with the drag artist and, and the audience was so excited and so enthused. And I really feel like Washington DC needs a lot of hope and joy right now. And I'm, I'm one of Thery. We need to look up, we need to find ways to be inspired even though things are like falling apart sometimes around us. And I, something I'm proud of, I'm gonna say that's just proud. I'm proud of I got out of Indiana. I'm proud of my friends who are in Indiana, still in New Castle, Indiana, who are fighting the good fight and making the place better for people. I'm proud of my husband, Mr. Hoot, who's in the wings, who is a government worker for 37 years. He was forced out of the federal government by this, by this. And I'm like, I'm so mad at the people.


If you are those people that have been treated so poorly, know that I see you. I love you. Thank you. Our government workers for doing so much. For everybody. I think that, Woo, I'm a little over clamped. All right. I got a little, but that, that just makes me so mad. I think it's evil, it's angry and I wanna make sure that we're trying to lift people up and, and look for the kindness when there seems to be such a lack of it from who's running our country right now. Yeah. Go. It's a beautiful idea. It's a beautiful idea. A beautiful sentiment. Let's spin it again.


Oh, it has landed on Sarah. It has landed on Sarah. We we we have an order. It's la It is. It is la Is that Sarah be It has landed on Sarah. She's getting butch. You guys run a tight show. I'll tell you what man. Alright. Alright. I've got rant. Last cook bull work collab. I actually had hoped you were going next because following that with mine feels funny. But I'm gonna to give you my rant. Unvarnished, which is, do we need a really, like, need a whole month for pride? Like the way we do pride, like our need for a whole month is so extra and so on brand.


And it's ridiculous what my Uber leaves a little rainbow trail as it goes. And like you walk into Target and you're like, oh my God did a rainbow throw up in here. Like, it just feels like, look, you wanna do black history month, whole month? Okay, the people are getting restless. Oh wait, I'm sorry. Did you just say I should stop? Yeah. Target. They don't like Target. They're mad at Target. Target. They're mad at Target. They're mad at Target. Alright, we got it. What? Whatever. Whatever the point is. The point is I just think like a week is enough and we don't need a whole month. And like it's enough.


Shame, shame, Shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame. You Know what I needed? I needed one of those tonight and I, You know what? I decided it would be on my rant. The second somebody tells you something you don't want to hear, you turn on 'em. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Let's spin it again. Oh, it's landed on me. You know, here's what I wanted to say. Maybe it was a little more earnest, I suppose. But You know, we started by saying how, how many things had to go wrong for us all to be on this stage together.


There was this, they, when they sent up one of the satellites many years ago, they realized that they had made the mirrors wrong. The mirror before Elon Musk. Not his fault that they had, they'd, they'd actually bent, they'd done the mirrors instead of, they, they were spherical instead of hyperbolic or hyperbolic instead of spherical. I don't remember which one is it. It was spherical. It was spherical instead of hyperbolic. And what that meant is even though it was imperceptible when it was on earth, the the, the heat from the, from that, that that light would was so intense that it would, it would, it would shatter the mirror. It didn't work. It didn't work as a telescope.


And one thing that I feel like I have learned over the last decade as we faced all these different pressures and challenges from what happens when a country, a segment of its, of a country loses its faith in democracy. And freedom is, you see who bends and who breaks under pressure. And it is a gift to find out who has the stuff and who is strong enough and who really cares and who actually believes the things that they said for a long time. And I feel really honored that I get to work with Sarah and work with Tim. People that, You know, You know, we Democrats, we democrats, we talk a big game.


We talk a big game, but we didn't really face a choice. We don't like Donald Trump 'cause he's the fucking worst human being on planet earth. And, And we, we oppose him because we oppose everything that he stands for. Every policy he he stands for. But, but there were a lot of people who faced a political choice and failed in that choice, but not Tim and not Sarah and not the people at the Bulwark. And as we think about building a small d democratic movement, I feel really proud of the people that I've gotten to meet and know because it's revealed who was made strong enough and, and, and who was gonna break.


And the people that have broken, they're fucking broken. And we know now and now we get to figure out who we get to build something new with. So I feel really, really proud about that during this prime. Let's spin it one more time. I think it's gonna be me. I think it's gonna be me. Oh, I just Wasn't on the board at all. Alright. Yeah, we talked about it. We thought, how should we end it? Two Tim rants, one John rant, the drag queen. We're done. Yeah, Al. Alright, Tim, you've landed on You. I have a rant, but just really quick. That was really sweet what love had said and I was trying to feel emotions about it. And then I'm in this like little tennis skirt and I was like, can you compliment me again when I feel less uncomfortable?


That would be great. Maybe another year. I also have a comment on Sarah's rant. It's the difference between the Ls and the G's. Okay, we're going to Madrid Pride. Is anybody gonna be in Madrid Pride? We're doing a little vacation there. That's July 4th. So the Gs are adding a week to pride. She's trying to, she's trying to constrict us. We're trying to expand into July. Okay. I'm about to be sad for a little bit, so I'm sorry that I have to end you on something sad. But the reason why that we're doing this is because of Andre and I, I think there are two reasons why this has affected me so much.


One is because kinda what Levitt was saying, I came out of this tradition of like being pro-life and being pro-freedom and thinking that that was, You know, what was animating my political work. And Jeb used to say something about how, You know, we wanted to make sure everybody had a chance to live a life of purpose and meaning. And I like believed that and thought it wasn't bs. And so the idea that we are doing that, that republicans, that Donald Trump, that our country is taking away somebody's life, their purpose and their meaning really pisses me off. And so that's one reason. And the other reason is just because, I guess just because both me and Andrea are gay, I guess I can just imagine it, and I just want, I'm sorry to do this, but I just want everybody to imagine this with me for a second.


He flees Venezuela, he flees communism. He takes a horrible journey across sa, central America through Mexico, goes through unimaginable shit, has to deal with cartels, has to deal, has to find food and shelter just to get to America because he wants, 'cause he thinks here he can live a life of purpose and meaning he thinks he can be free. And he gets to the border and he does what he's supposed to do. He fi he signs up for the stupid CBP one app and explains why he had to flee a communist country. And then we let him in and he sits in a cell and he's sexually harassed in the cell and he is abused and attacked.


And he is hoping that it's worth it because at the end there's this thing, there's this like freedom in this country that he can get. And instead of that one day he is in the cell and people come in there and they shackle him and they shackle his legs and his hands and they take him with other Venezuelans to a plane. And he is thinking, this is horrible, but at least I'm going home to Venezuela, right? At least I get to see my mother and my best friend. And instead of sending him to Venezuela, we sent him to a fucking hell in El Salvador. And he gets off the plane and they beat him up and they shave his head and he screams out for his freedom. And he says, I'm gay.


I'm not a gang banger. I like, I I want just, you have the wrong person and there's nothing he can do. And they put him in a fucking hole and he's living a nightmare that like you can't imagine like it is just an unimaginable nightmare. And the reason that he's living it is our country is that we did it to him like the US did it to him. And so it's up to us to get him the fuck out of this nightmare. And so sorry. And so that I can't look at Lovet right now 'cause I'm gonna cry. And so that's why we're doing this. And I really appreciate that y'all came.


I appreciate especially the gaze that came. 'cause you could, You know, I don't know, have been at the music festival or something more fun. And so the lesbians were gonna do something way less fun. So I appreciate you for coming too, but also kind of you're welcome. Yeah. Look, here's the thing. The gaze chose this instead of a concert. The lesbians, they would've been asleep by now. And so Sarah usually ends our bulwark shows with something a little bit more uplifting. And so I want to give her the last work. First of all, thanks everybody so much for coming. This has been super fun And you guys were a great, awesome audience.


But here's the thing that that we do close out most of the Bulwark shows with, and I really wanna thank Crooked though for us doing this together. This was so fun to do together and to bring our audiences together. But You know, the thing about authoritarians is what they want from us. It's not a joke. The authoritarians are bad. The thing about authoritarians is they want you to be tired. Not like I did poppers all night and now I'm tired the next morning and I need brunch. They want you to feel like deeply exhausted. That's why they try to flood the zone with shit. It's why they try to do so many corrupt things that you don't know where to grab onto, right?


It's why they come back. They didn't lose, Donald Trump didn't lose the election, he just hadn't won yet. And it's why they come back and they try to keep you so tired that you won't fight back. So confused, so un unable to understand what is truth and what is fiction and that's what they're doing to people confusing them and making them tired. And so the one thing that we have to do, and it relates to the Andre thing, is don't get tired ever. Like we have to stay filled with energy to do this because the biggest thing they want from us is to be tired. So never get tired, never stop. And let's get Andre Home. Thank you all so much for coming.


That's our show. Thank you so much to Tara Hoot. Thank you Tara. Thank you to Michael Vone and Sam Stein. Thank you to Congressman Garcia. Thank you to Andre's lawyer and everybody at the Immigrant Defenders Law Center. Thank you all for supporting this. Have a great night. We'll see you at Pride. Bye everybody.


If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo, Saul Rubin, and Emma Ilic Frank. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant.


Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Hef Coat, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, Kenny Moffitt, and David tos. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Hey, this is Will Anette, host of Smartless. Smartless is a podcast with myself and Sean Hayes. And Jason Bateman, where each week one of us reveals a mystery guest to the other two. We dive deep with guests that you love, like Bill Hader, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, David Beckham, Kristen Stewart, and tons more. So join us for a genuinely improvise and authentic conversation filled with laughter and newfound knowledge to feed the smartless mind. Listen to Smartless now on the SiriusXM app. Download it today.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each One more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and are all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD oh.com.