
Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater, and this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast, reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to? Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit Consumer Cellular dot com Savings based on cost of Consumer Cellular, single line one five and 10 gig data plans with a limited talk and text compared to lowest cost, single line postpaid, unlimited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon, January, 2024.


Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. As we approach the final stages of summer summer's in its final stages, damn, you might have a few last vacations that your family is trying to get in. SimpliSafe is here to help you put the stresses back home out of your mind, knowing you're safe and secured. Here's why we Lovett And. You go to SimpliSafe, you can customize it for your house, for the number of windows and doors and the sensors you need for inside cameras. All the rest it comes. You can set it up. They can have a professional, set it up. It works great. The app is great, completely reliable. Highly recommend it. With fast, protect monitoring, and lifeguard protection. Simply save agents connect within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stomp them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long term contract so you can cancel any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than $1 per day, with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service and home security. According to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate in less than an hour. Or you can choose professional installation and have a pro do it for you. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John fau. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. On today's show, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden call for Supreme Court reform while Donald Trump PS to Christian activists and Crypto Bros. With just under a hundred days to go. In the 2024 campaign, we are sub 100 boys vp, short lister, governor Tim. Wall stops by to talk about going after the weirdos and his theory of progressive messaging, and of course we're gonna get into why the JD Vance debut has been such a disaster. But first, Donald Trump is clearly upset. He's not running against Joe Biden anymore. He's still out on the campaign trail doing impressions of the president and talking about his golf game really focused. He's begun the pivot to attacking Kamala Harris.


But so far it's a bit of a kitchen sink approach. Here's a sampling of comments he's made over the past couple of days. She doesn't like Jewish people, she doesn't like Israel. That's the way it is, and that's the way it's always gonna be. She's not gonna change As I'm running against a low IQ individual. Her, I'm not even talking about him. Her, I got a low IQ Individual, and now that she's in this position, they're trying to make her into a, let's say, Margaret Thatcher. I don't think so. It's not gonna happen. Margaret Thatcher didn't laugh like that, did she? Did she laugh? We're not going to let her turn the United States into Communist San Francisco again.


She has no clue. She has no clue. She's evil. I wanna be nice. They all say, I think he's changed. I think he's changed since two weeks ago. Something affected him. No, I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse actually, because I get angry. Maybe I've gotten worse. So Trump's message is that Kamala Harris', stupid evil, And I guess hates Jews so much that she married one. I guess that's what, that's what the message is. Trump also posted a digital ad today, that's another version of the Harris in her own words attack about positions she's taken in the past. Tommy, why do you think Trump doesn't have a a tighter argument about her on the stump? I kind of think he's just emptying the oppo clip.


you know, like the, he treats these, these rallies as just kinda live fire focus groups. Mm. Sees what works. He sees what they liked. And you're right, I watched the Minnesota rally. He went back to attacking Joe Biden, I think four or five times. We were making fun of him for walking around. We were making fun of him pointing the golf game, like all of it. I mean, I guess he was a great, still making fun of Hillary Clinton. So what, what should we Expect's? Right? We're still locking her up. Yeah. I mean, you know, Bruce Springsteen is still placed under road. I mean, you just, you, you do the hits. That's Why you go to the Trump rally. That's What they wanna hear. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure the campaign is like testing all these message in a real and deliberate way and that we'll see the most potent messages in the TV ads and in the debates. But right now he's just kinda having fun with it. Yeah. If you Look at the, if you look at the Turning Point speech, first of all, I went to, to the, to to the speech because that's where he says Christians vote one more time and then never vote again.


And I was like, all right, let's, let's watch this thing and see it. And I was like, an hour and eight minutes. Jesus fucking Christ, this guy never shuts up. Honestly, that's a short one. He said it was a buck 20. Right. But, but in that speech, he's, at the beginning, he's cast around, he's talking about the assassination attempt and being talking about bullet versus fragment. He's kind of rambling. He's doing random attacks here and there. But then towards the end of the speech, there's a more tighter policy-based hit on Kamala Harris, and you can see, oh, that's where the campaign wants him to be. But he's still doing what Tommy's saying, which is just like, you know, trying out new material on the road. Yeah. He's more of a how it playing with my fan club sort of guy. Yeah. So it's just, if if the most committed supporters clap, then that's more important than whatever ch Avita and Susie Wiles are telling them.


I'm sure. Or putting in ads. What's your sense, just listening to these events and just overall how far along the entire campaign is in pivoting to Harris? They do have a lot of these attacks in ads now. I mean, if you looked at kind of the Trump Twitter feed today, it was every hour a new video about a new subject area. So it does feel like they're all doing what he's doing. I mean, it's sort of like Trump's the, he is the standup, like at the small club, working on his material before he goes on the road. Right? Like that, that I think they're all in that, in that place. But it does seem like they're focusing on just calling her a San Francisco radical liberal, which is kind of the oldest Republican playbook out there. Yeah.


I wonder, right, like if he knew that Kamala Harris was gonna be the nominee, is he still planning to go to Minnesota, right? Like is is the, are are we seeing the last bits of the campaign as it was envisioned before Joe Biden? That's good point. Stepped aside. I don't know. Also, like going to think like he's still doing things that reflect a campaign that was in a much more confident position. Like, you know, going to the crypto conference, like these are gilding the Lilly type places to go. So I, I think my question is like, does does his travel change to some, to, to, to, I don't know other states. I think there's an obvious like, opportunity to playing up her old comments, right? I'm clearly they're testing this. I'm sure it is probably more damaging with the voters they need to win the election than some of the really gross stuff that they've been saying, and that the larger right wing media universe is saying, I do think there's a risk for them though, in that it is very backward looking.


And so if their entire campaign and their entire message about her is look at things that she did in 2019 or 2020 or before that, you know, it's, it's useful to them to try to define her before she can define herself. But I think at some point there's a danger there for them if they just do that the whole time. I think. Yeah, I think that's right. I think like Joe Biden's superpower was that he was so established and so kind of safe that their efforts to paint him as somehow unsafe and dangerous, so you shouldn't even listen to him, were not effective. Right. Like our, in the go all the way back, like the concerns about Joe Biden in the primary 2020 was that once he faced the same onslaught as everybody else, his Favre abilities and the poll numbers would drop the same way others would, but that didn't happen.


Right? That was his, that was his strength. I think the energy, the enthusiasm, the fact that so much of the country is saying they want new and normal, they're trying in this very quickly to try to make her seem not new and not normal, but to, to try to get to the point where people don't hear her when she lays out the actual plans back and forth. Because we know that if that the election is fought on those stakes, Kamala Harris will win. I just, I just don't think they have time. I just don't think they have time to, to, to like so damage her while she is out there making this forward looking case. Right. They're just not, they're just don't have the space. You guys feeling shocked that the new Trump isn't really taking, not only has the assassination attempt not changed him for the better, but now he's acknowledging it has changed him for the worse.


It's so funny. It's like, it's like I saw my life flash before my eyes And, I realized I need to spend more time attacking my enemies. I Just, I'm not petty enough. There Are a lot of days in this job where I feel like it's Groundhog Day and like we just have the collective political memory of a goldfish. But even knowing that it was still like shocking to see reporters regurgitating these lines about him responding in a spiritual subdue way to the assassination attempt. I, I like, come on. I will say to the credit of the, the press, it was, it was a lot fewer reporters. There a few stories this time around few that like a lot of people have learned most, I think most people have learned. There's still this few stragglers who were 70-year-old men don't change.


I also think shooting or not. Well, I also think he realized, you notice at the end of that he said, well, I'm worse because you know what? I'm angry. I'm angry. He realizes that anger is way more important to his pitch than unity. Like, he needs to seem like the angry outsider who's mad at the system and wants a tear down. He can't be all like, let's come together and bring the, that's just not, people will know that's not who he is and that's not his message, you know? Yeah. I think that's right. Also, like if the, the, when he first said, I'm not gonna be nice, it's, it's, it has to start by saying, I I can't be nice. You can't. That's not what you need. You need me to be your vengeance. Exactly. I need to be greedy for you. I need to be mean for you. You need me to be that. Yeah. I think he has some advisors who were telling him sand off the edges, like, leave the mean tweets part of your personality out of it and you'll reach the voters you need to win this election.


I think those people are right. But then there's always gonna be Donald Trump who's like, in 2016, I did a hardcore scorched earth base only strategy. And I won. Yep. And no one can tell me otherwise, and I'm gonna do what I know is right. He's always running a primary. Well, I also by the way, like maybe, maybe playing it safe was more right? I mean, I don't know. It could still be right, but it was more right two weeks ago. Yeah. So he did two events over the weekend worth talking about. On Friday, he spoke to a gathering of Christian activists called The Believer Summit. And then on Saturday he spoke to a convention of cryptocurrency enthusiasts. Here's some of what he said. We will be creating so much electricity that you'll be saying, please, please, president, we don't want any more electricity.


We can't stand it. You'll be begging me no more electricity, sir, have a good time with your Bitcoin and your crypto and everything else that you're playing with Christians. Get out and vote just this time. You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years. you know what? It'll be fixed. It'll be fine. You won't have to vote anymore. My beautiful Christians, Beautiful Christians. So the, the, you won't have to vote again. Clip got a lot of play over the weekend. I think even Cardi B weighed in on Twitter every, it's, it went, it went pretty viral. Lovett leva. What was your take on that? So I think people should be sharing it.


They should be spreading it. It does show a total disregard for democracy. He has made a version of this point before. What he is, what he has in the past, when he has done this riff, what he has said is, right now you have to come out in numbers that overwhelm the ways in which, I mean, you just, I'm just translating that you have to overwhelm democratic rigging the system. You wouldn't have to vote so hard. All of you wouldn't need to vote if the system weren't rigged and they weren't faking the election results. So if you vote this time, And I win, I'll stop all the electoral fraud and then you don't have to vote as much. That is the generous interpretation of it. But do I think he also enjoys that this sets off a round of he's gonna be a dictator on day one?


Like do I think he is being like vague and anti-democratic and trolley on purpose? Absolutely. And by the way, what he is saying is ob obviously false. They're trying to make it harder for people to vote. They're trying to disenfranchise people. And so I see nothing wrong with pointing out that what he is saying here is about the ways in which he poses a threat to democracy. Even if it's, I think a little different than what the, the more extreme version of the interpretation. That's my, that's my take Tommy. That's A good strong take. I mean, it could be, it could be a couple things. It could be vote for me or And. I'll fix everything and you won't have to care anymore. It could be, vote for me this time. And I won't run again. And I won't care anymore. It could be him signaling that he is gonna end American democracy as we know it. I mean, I'm kind of an occas razor guy. I imagine he was just kind of making a joke.


That doesn't mean he's not a threat to democracy. And so I thought, you know, I thought some of the reaction was a bit, a bit high dungeon over the weekend. I saw a bunch of Twitter users screaming at Kate Bedingfield, who was Joe Biden's communications director and calling her a fascist and a Trump supporter. What? Because she had a more Jesus Christ, you know, not charitable, but she sort of thought he was, was not signaling that he was gonna end democracy as we know it. you know, this is a woman who moved her family and small kids to a city to work for Joe Biden to try to defeat Donald Trump. I think, you know, maybe pump the brakes. I'm attacking the modems of everyone who disagrees with you on this subject. But yeah, Donald Trump's a threat to democracy. This quote doesn't change it. Yeah. Like, and here's why I think this is worth talking about, because again, we are trying to persuade voters who don't like Donald Trump, but are not necessarily either sold on Kamala Harris or so scared of Donald Trump that they're not gonna vote for him.


Right. And clearly last time Trump wanted to stay in power so badly that he tried to throw away our votes and incite a violent insurrection. That's that's just true. And there's no evidence that he's changed in any way. In fact, as, as he acknowledged he's gotten worse. So like, we don't, you don't need to put more spin on the ball than that. Right. Like, that's, that's who he is. That's what he said last time I kind of landed where you did Tommy, that it's, he doesn't care. Right. And for it's, it's, so it fits well with the Biden campaign's message and now the Harris campaign's message that Trump doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself. Right. He's saying everything to anyone that he needs to just to win right now. And then he's like, in four years I'll fix everything and you'll have to worry about me.


He doesn't give a shit what happens in politics after four years. He doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself. Right. He just wants to win. That's all he cares about right now. And like what happens when he wins anything's on the table, right? Like after what we saw fucking last time. But I think that's where his mind was. I I he has done this like sure. I I think he doesn't care. I think he doesn't care who wins next time either. Of course. But I like, again, like this is just loose Trump having just kind of going back to his back catalog of rifs and like, this is a rif. Like, I, like there is just a collective, like he does all these things before, like the di people are like, oh my God. He said thin people don't drink Diet Coke. He's been doing that bit years. Yeah. For years. This is a bit he's done before. He's saying, I'll fix, they, they steal elections, I'll fix it so that you don't have to worry about it anymore.


Like that, that I think is like the, that is the bit he was trying to do. The Christian activist event. I get Why do you think he put in time at the, at the crypto convention in Tennessee? I think this one's very simple. It's money in men. The crypto focus packs are raising hundreds of millions of dollars though. There's one that's like, I think seated by Coinbase that has raised 200 million some odd dollars. And so Trump wants that money. you know, he knows they spent 10 million against Katie Porter in the senate race here in California. And he wants to get all their cash. Also, I think the Trump campaign rightly views crypto as a way to reach young men who might not otherwise care about politics. Some of them are at this convention, some of them just care about crypto and don't wanna be regulated.


So that's why Trump flip flopped his position on crypto. He left office and he was like, crypto sucks. I don't think it's a good idea. And now he's full on Procr because like, you know, some VC guys in San Francisco had a fundraiser for him, Not unlike what he did with his position on the TikTok ban, right? Yep. This is, and this is just, this is back to my point about where the, in four years it won't matter. Comment comes in. It's, he's literally, he's just saying anything to anyone he needs to like, and you could see that, and you could hear that in the, in the crypto comment. Like, have fun with your crypto or your Bitcoin or whatever he has. He has no idea. Passion For the issue. Yeah. You think I would, I would like to have someone ask Trump explain the blockchain.


Yeah. Tell me about the blockchain. Donald Trump. I'd like any of us to explain the blockchain, but the, I also, I like, it's, this is like the, the fucking endless perma challenge, which is like, this is also stupid and also ridiculous. But then you think, oh, he's also proposed a bunch of tariffs. you know, what would make Trump feel all powerful for four years of president, everybody was constantly afraid that he was about to apply some kind of a tariff that would affect their ability to, to produce goods of wr. Like a lot of what he wants to do economically is to put more power in his hands to like choose winners and losers. Yeah. And kind of wield the power of the White House. That's, that is always on his mind. Yeah. There's so many opportunities for corruption in, in, in all this. Well, and even if he doesn't decide to like stay in power forever, he's gonna want four years of his supporters telling him how he's the most wonderful president who's ever existed.


So he's going to let them do whatever they want. This is why the JD Vance stuff and the project 2025 stuff and all that stuff is, should be scary to people because even if you don't think Trump's into that, he, for the next four years, if he's in the White House, he's gonna be like, yeah, I wanna hear how great I am. So I'm gonna let the people around me do whatever they want. Yeah. I mean That's, that's who comes along with him in this coalition. That's what we all have to remember. Yeah. So the other big topic of political conversation has been Trump's running mate, JD Vance, who has yet to generate a good headline for the campaign since he was nominated. The Washington Post has a story about how people in Trump's orbit, including Lindsey Graham, were trying to talk him out of picking Vance right up until the last minute. Now we're on week two of the fallout over Vance's comments to Tucker Carlson that America's run by too many quote, childless cat ladies who were miserable at their own lives.


And then he went on to specifically mention Kamala Harris, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. And Pete Buttigieg Vance also said that people without children should pay higher taxes. It's gotten so bad that even right wing media types are starting to wince. Here's former Republican congressman turn Fox News host Trey Gowdy interviewing him on Sunday night. 'cause people are calling me who very much would like to support you and President Trump. Dr. Connie Rice does not have children. Neither does, my friend, your colleague Tim Scott, George Washington did not have biological children and neither did James Madison. So I think you'll agree with me that, that direct offspring or not necessary to be fully invested in the future of this country Of, of course not.


Trey, I do think that being a prepared parent actually has a profound effect on somebody's perspective, and we should honor and respect that. But there are a whole host of people who don't have children for a whole host of reasons. And they certainly are great people who can participate fully in the life of this country. And that's not what I said, Trey, if you look at what the Left has done, they have radically taken this out of context. And in fact, aggressively lied about what I've said. It's, I it Says so people with their children can still exist in America. Thanks pal. Thanks buddy. Wow. Appreciate the kind words. Yes. How about That? First of all, that's compassionate conservatism. The, The, if, if you haven't seen the full trait Gouty clips, it's worth, it's worth watching in Full. He tells a beautiful and moving story about two women he met and then reveals that they were nuns and how much they were carrying and wonderful people.


and you have to imagine JD Vance is sitting in a studio somewhere. He's got his fucking ear thing in, listen, listening to a full five minutes, ripping him to pieces on Fox News. And the question comes, he's like, JD Vance, tell me where I'm wrong. You seem like a huge asshole. Yeah, yeah. It was really, really unbelievable. What Do you think about this? I I think this is so politically damaging. Some people choose not to have children and that is totally fine and that's a valid decision. And to say that they're lesser citizens somehow in this country is outrageous. But there's also countless people who desperately want kids but can't have them for, for physical reasons, for medical reasons, for personal reasons they can afford them. And he's telling those people they're lesser citizens too.


Like that is such a Cruel, he, he said to somebody who's like, of who's, of course, because I I I think children are so important. People who, who can't get pregnant or can't have children, of course I feel for them. It's like, well that's not what you're, that's not, that's not what it's sounding. You're saying they're lesser Citizens, but also you're not going one by one to every woman in in the country. Be like, now are you doing this by choice or is there something that you're not telling us? Right? Like, how fucking dare you make assumptions about every person that doesn't have kids? The whole reason you let people mind their own business is you have no idea what's going on in their lives. Terry. Well that was exactly, that was exactly Pete Buttigieg response to this ridiculous Lot Kids, by the way. Which is what he said he is. I have two kids and he is like, and we had a a lot of trouble and we, it took us a long time to to, to have these two children. He is like, and I'm sure JD Vance didn't know that, but that's exactly why you don't make guesses and, and broad generalizations about a whole category of people.


But just as someone who is, who's struggled to have kids and now does, I cannot tell you how personally cruel and painful those comments are. No, no one is ever going to forget that. If you're a woman who's miscarried and now doesn't have children and you desperately wanted them, and you hear that, that cuts you so deep and it will stay with you for life. He also said that parents should get more votes. Did you see that one where he said that if he said, what happens is if, if you should get as many votes as children that you have. So that, but the children shouldn't vote obviously until they're a voting age. So the parents now get a parents with three kids get four votes or two votes, and and then single people don't get that vote.


So he literally wants to make people without kids have less of a voice in public life. He, he has already said that. He also then said he's sympathetic to the idea that federal agents should be able to track down women who travel out of state to get abortions because it is banned where they live. So he wants a federal response to women who leave a state with an abortion ban and try to get an abortion out of state. I this is all like And I talked about this a bit with Governor Walls, but also like, you know, he's also not in the party that's trying to make sure people have prenatal care. People have pre-K people have healthcare and access to affordable education all the way, all the, all the rest. Right. So it's like, what is the, what is the only kind of incentive that they wanna provide to have children?


Like the fear of their moral judgment is a big piece of this. But it's, it's also just this, it speaks to the real mistake in JD Vance, which is like, he is really kind of letting the world into a very small niche right wing conversation Yes. Around family where they've been talking to Each other. Peter Teal, Elon Musk now are part of This. And it is a kind of combination of like of of right wing, you know, Christian judgmental policymaking on top of a kind of like patriarchal idea of like what the family should be like, what people should do.


Like who, like what's the right way to live telling people how to live. And once it gets just a little bit of light in there, everyone's like, what the fuck are you people talking about? It's not even, they say it's, it's not even Christian, frankly. It's like as, as you mentioned the story about the nuns and pre like, it's just, it's so, it is an, it is an extreme ideology that is somewhat new in the last several decades. Right. Where like this, it's, I mean a OC tweeted that it sounds like fucking incel culture, which, you know, there are a lot of paras. It's in intelligence. Exactly. It's totally intelligent. He he is like a right wing blogs comment section became a person. Yeah. you know, and like I, you're right, he, he's going in some weird intellectual circles. It's like Heritage Peter Thiel, the Claremont Institute, even more Arvin people.


Yeah. People Who never heard Of Google him. Yeah. And these, like, those guys are, are happy to debate some very out there political ideas 'cause they don't have any consequences 'cause they're not running for anything. But JD Vance kind of like dabbles in that. And he leaves this long paper and audio trail and you gotta wonder like how much of this did the Trump campaign Oh, find or vet. I'm sure not all of it. I real, I like, I also, so he says that childless people quote hate normal Americans for choosing a family. And now his defense is, he's like, well, Kamala Harris is antifamily, the Democratic party is anti-family, anti children. There is bipartisan legislation, to your point, to extend the child tax credit that's stuck in the Senate where JD Vance works right now because Republicans did not wanna give Joe Biden and Kamala Harris an election year win on the issue.


This passed the house overwhelmingly Republicans and Democrats, it got to the Senate and they were like, oh, it's April, it's spring. It's getting too close to the election, we wanna cancel. So they care about, they care about rewarding families with kids and giving families with kids a break so much that they just like stuck this thing that they're for in the Senate because they didn't want it. Same thing with the fucking immigration deal. It's just, It also, by the way, like it just also just goes to like the judgmental, invasive kind of politics. This is, 'cause one thing that that, that JD Vance has talked about is that how much, like he is more in Favre, according to his own words, a child tax credit than he is to universal childcare, right? Because universal childcare subsidizes parents who work, right? And that he would rather subsidize, he would be still, still stuck in the Senate because Republicans, but that like, oh, if you want that, like he wants to encourage a traditional structure, right?


So like universal childcare is a kind of like way of appeasing kind of the left and like liberal people, especially liberal women and kind of just gets to this like kind of worldview about like the left, that he's kind of unable to stop himself from espousing. What does the Trump campaign do about JD Vance? Like what J d's in a tough spot because like the number one rule for Trump is you cannot back down and look weak. But boy should he be backing down, conceding some things and being like, I messed up that I was wrong about this. But he's just bulldogging ahead and like, like LT mentioned earlier, like you have republicans like Trey Gowdy basically begging him to clean this up. You've got Ben Shapiro criticizing him. You've got Dave Portnoy the head of Barstool Sports being like, who is this idiot?


How the hell did this guy get on the ticket? And like Fox and friends Brian Kilmeade was saying it too. They just, they can't seem to fix it. So it seems to me like they're just gonna attack Harris, wait for the next news cycle. Hope it all moves on. But man, like this guy is getting defined. GD Vance is getting defined in this first couple weeks and, and it's entirely negative. And we're not even having a conversation about how the, he's manifestly unqualified for the job. And the fact that it got to, the reason I brought up Fox and Friends is, you know, Trump is seeing this now. Oh Yes, Definitely. you know, he is seeing some of this criticism and the, the only thing that has surprised me now we're recording this on Monday, is that we have not seen a leak yet.


Me too. That Trump is pissed to a Donor to a friend. I'm like, then it'll Be at a rally. you know, it's coming right? Like I, I'm, I'm shocked that we haven't heard it yet. John Junior's getting some calls. For sure. For sure. Yeah. The other, the other problem right is that, okay, so there are all, there's all these recordings that are floating out there. He's then doing a bad job of cleaning them up when he's doing a round of interviews. You could maybe say, alright, no more interviews. We gotta get this guy on the stump. He's doing a bad job on the stump. Like the, the fact that his convention speech was so disappointing. The, the rally speeches he's been giving, they are plotting, not very well done, not very, he's just not that great. He moves too slow. So like what you would say is just get this guy out there, get him with a 10, 15 minute tight good stump with a few new sharp hits on Kamala Harris or whoever the VP pick is.


But man, like I just, it's hard for this guy to, to, to, to run from this when he's just so unappealing in every setting. Sounds like a lot of training wheel stuff. He's like doing interviews with Trump. What, what a waste Of time. I know it's also the challenge of the Trump Republican party trying to rebrand itself as like the Workers' party, right? Even if you decide to pivot from the tax cuts for the rich and the deregulation agenda and all that bullshit, they are so obsessed with the like, weird cultural shit that even if they have an economic populous story to tell, like JD Vance ostensibly does and has in Hillbilly GY and since then, like it's just gonna get lost because they have all these other crazy ideas on cultural issues that are so out of step with mainstream America that that's gonna get the attention, right?


And so, like JD events could go give some stump about like how, you know, president Biden and Kamala Harris overlooked Ohio and Michigan and Wisconsin and look at all these like, but it's not gonna get any attention because he's written all these things and said all these things in the past that just make him fucking weird. He's a weirdo. He's a weirdo.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can stop wasting money on the ones you've forgotten about. Like how JD Vance forgot that he subscribed to Couches quarterly. That is wow. That whole Thing. Rocket Money is a person, that whole thing, man. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. You can even see all of your subscriptions in one place. And if you see something you don't want Rocket Money can help you cancel it within a few taps. Rocket Money has over 5 million users in a saved a total of $500 million and cancel subscriptions saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. We love Rocket Money. We're huge fans. And it's a great way to figure out where, you know, your, your expenses are going and all of a sudden you realize like, wait, I'm paying for still paying for the ney reader. What's that? It's a, it was a, I don't even know how to even describe what the Ney reader is 'cause I haven't thought about it since college. It was a a, I think a kind of a, a feat like magazine. Okay. Like literary got nature. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/crooked and sorry to Ty Reader for catching a stray there. That's Rocket money.com/crooked. You're doing great work. Rocket money.com/crooked.


The best things in life. They come in twos two scoops of ice cream, two tacos. And now for a limited time, get our best deal of the year. Buy any phone when you switch to Consumer Cellular and get two months of service free. That's right. The same fast, reliable, nationwide coverage as big wireless now with two months free proof. The best things in life relief do come in twos visit Consumer Cellular dot com or call 1-888-FREEDOM second and third month of monthly base service fee waive for new customers with the purchase of a phone and activation by September 2nd, 2024, taxes, fees and third party charges will apply. See website for additional details.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. When you use Angi for your home projects, you know all your jobs will be done. Well. Roof repair done well. Kitchen sink install done well. Deck upgrades done well. Electrical upgrade done well. Angie's been connecting homeowners with skilled pros for nearly 30 years. So we know the difference between done and done. Well hire high quality certified pros at Angi dot com.


Let's talk about our democratic nominee Vice President Kamala Harris. On Monday. She endorsed President Biden's brand new proposal for Supreme Court reform, which includes 18 year term limits for justices. An enforceable ethics code and a constitutional amendment that would strip away criminal immunity for former presidents. The Harris campaign also needled the Trump campaign over their refusal to commit to the debate they had already agreed to. And the campaign put out a statement saying Harris will be at the a BC debate on September 10th. Whether or not Trump is there. Clearly the energy and enthusiasm for Harris', unlike anything we've seen in politics for a very long time, which is great. They've raised over $200 million. They're reportedly going up on the air this week.


And Harris will be on the campaign trail in Atlanta Tuesday for the first time since she was in Milwaukee last week. What's your sense of how the overall strategy's coming together? I like that they're going on offense. The original frame was kind of prosecutor versus convicted felon. I think the bigger picture message is future versus the past, which is incredibly refreshing to hear and obviously for obvious reasons. Joe Biden couldn't really credibly be the one delivering that message, but he also wasn't great at laying out the second term agenda. And she is, sees that mantle and done so very quickly. Now both she and Biden are talking about this court reform stuff that I love because who doesn't support an 18 year term limit in a binding ethics code?


I bet those poll through the roof extremely well through The roof at a time when the faith in institutions is going down, including the courts. Like it's a great idea. She's also, I think, very quickly walking back some positions from the 2020 primary that her team feels like are too progressive or too liberal. And that's gonna bum out some Democrats, but it's probably a, you know, necessary move to And, I just sketch that shit. You have the best position for the general election, but it's smart to do that quickly just rip that bandaid off. Yeah, we haven't, we like, I don't know, it's just like been a, if it's been a week, I know And I just, we've said it, what's happening is extraordinary. The like sophistication and like of the campaign, the amount that they've been able to mount the, like the, the, the videos, the, the digital strategy, the speeches she's giving, the, the tone, the fact that it like, feels like a coherent national campaign with like a clear overall message like that is an extraordinary achievement.


Like we're watching unfold and like I just, I I like think like, alright, you know, two weeks ago this enthusiasm was not there, right? Like how do we make mo most of that enthusiasm in this moment, right? Not just with fundraising, but like there's some, you know, we, we, we were talking about this before recorded, but just that all of a sudden, like there, there's all these people on like, places like TikTok talking about how like, hey, you know, we may not agree with her and everything and yeah she may be walking back some of these positions, but we're all coming together to do this in November. We can protest in January, we can be frustrated. But anybody that's not getting on on board this train right now is not understanding the stakes and like what is the vibe shift worth? I don't think we know yet, but it's just been so reassuring to even see that change.


You know, I've seen a few comments like people being nervous that they're not up on TV yet or like, is she, is she not on the road more and stuff like that. I've just seen a, a few of them here and there. Not much. But I like, I don't think people understand, like no one has ever built a plane in the air like this with less than a hundred days to go on a campaign, a presidential campaign. Like usually in a presidential campaign when you just start out your campaign, which she did as the presidential candidate. You do like months of meetings with strategists and advisors and that's why you're not on the road. You're not like taking vacation like you're sitting there with and you road test a stump speech, right? And then you refine the stump speech and you, that takes, like for Obama, that took us between, I dunno, February of 2007 to October to get it right.


Oh and he was bad for a while. Terrible. He was really bad. Terrible. There was at one point where Paul Teer state director was like, maybe we shouldn't have him back in Iowa for a while 'cause this is not going well. It Was awful. And then remember The, remember that we were all in Iowa, you guys were for obviously for Obama and, but both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama were giving these one hour meandering stump speeches one hour plus because they were getting questions and then trying to answer every question and there long speeches. So maybe there's some advantage to not having had, I know, you know, You, you have to test a bunch of ads right before you just do the ads. You wanna test them to see if they work, to see if they resonate, if you're gonna spend that much money. I mean there's so much to do. And the fact that they have done this much with the help of, you know, everyone else being really excited in a week's time is just mind boggling.


It's mind boggling. So it's like I, you know, I do think on the, on the, the Supreme Court reforms, those are great. People should just know that it is very unlikely to happen without 60 votes in the Senate or a Democratic house or 51 senators who are willing to get rid of the filibuster for these reforms. I do think the constitutional amendment to get rid of criminal immunity for former presidents, which is now there thanks to the, the Supreme Court is, I mean constitutional amendments are like, the bar is so high, it's two thirds of both houses of Congress. It's three fourths of the state legislatures, you know, that's but good for Joe Biden run on it. Yeah. For like laying down this marker, which he had said he was going to do before he left the race And, you know, good for Kamala Harris for to lay down the marker.


'cause you know, filibuster reform started years ago when we only had a few, few senators saying they're willing to do it and now it's like everyone but Joe Manchin and Kirs Sinema. So that's, that's what you do. Back to your, the point about enthusiasm and donations. How much do you think that matters right now? I think the money and the volunteers are very real And I. I do like I with you that it's silly I think to criticize them for not being on TV right now. But I do hope they're up soon because we are in a race to define Kamala Harris before Republicans try to define her their way. And so you can get a bunch of TV ads on, you can get these new volunteers at the doors to backstop those ads with conversations with people.


Most people just don't know much about Kamala Harris. I mean that, that's the truth. She's the vice president, but a lot of people won't know much about her. So getting ahead of these negative attacks is hugely important. I also like there's been so much value to having a candidate who is not just like we have now have someone that is kind of taking the fight to Trump. And I do think that in ways that are very hard to measure. I think that's inspired a lot of people to just say what they think more. Right? Like I, yes there are people out there auditioning to be vice president. You're gonna hear from one in a minute. But I also just think there's been a kind of collective realization that all of us, I think because of a feeling of like concern, a feeling of anxiety, a feeling of, I don't know, being dispirited, like all of us were collectively not fighting hard enough.


And, I think that that's incredibly valuable. And another point that, that the governor makes is just about like, why are, why are we losing some of these disaffected people? Well some part of it is that people just wanna be part of a winning team. A team of people that are excited to be on that team. And like that enthusiasm gap was real. There were people that are extremely excited for Donald Trump and we just didn't have that on our side. And now we do. And like we'll see what the ultimate value is, but man is it, is it nice to see? Yeah, I mean you can make an argument that an enthusiastic voter and an unenthusiastic voter, both of them voting for your candidate, the vote counts the same. Right? I get that. But we were in a situation with Biden where the polls consistently showed that younger voters, especially younger black and brown voters were just not enthusiastic and, and maybe weren't ready to back Biden.


And the Biden campaign's argument was, you know what? They're not enthused now. They will come home in November maybe. Right? But in a close race we were in a situation then where there was a legitimate case to be made that a low turnout election might help Democrats. Because if it looked more like a midterm electorate or a special electorate than it was gonna benefit Joe Biden, I don't think we're in that situation anymore because now Democrats can actually focus on registering and turning out excited voters who otherwise may have stayed home. And having this many volunteers means you can have that many more conversations with people who like weren't gonna vote for Kamala Harris or weren't gonna vote for Donald Trump, maybe weren't gonna vote at all. And now you can have more conversations and they see that their friends are excited and they're like, oh, I want hear more about that.


Like, it, it does build, I I think especially in a close race, I think if we're being honest, the 2020 election was an anti-Trump coalition that came together to defeat him. Yep. It was not a, a pro Joe Biden coalition. Maybe we could have brought back that anti-Trump coalition this cycle. But I think frankly we're in a much better position 'cause we're giving people something to be for and something to be excited about. And that's what was missing. We talked about how she should respond to Trump's attacks. We talked about it last episode. Like how do you think she should be going on offense and what do you think the campaign should be doing between now and when they announce the vp, which will likely be next week at some point according to their timeline. Yeah, it's a good question.


you know, like, you sort of look like what's sort of breaking through And, you know, the, the renaissance of their weird has been been interesting to watch a kind of new take on like the challenge right? Is like Trump, even when he says something terrible, it's very, it's almost always something terrible. He said some version of before, it's like how do you make Trump feel new and interesting to be covered? I think new language like we've seen has been doing that. I think having all these different VP candidates vying has been doing that. I think as she's hitting the road, like, you know, we talked about, you know, one, what she's not been able to do where she like, you know, they're, they're currently working on a convention speech without the like year of trying stuff. Just trying different versions of rifts, trying different versions of attacks, trying different versions of lines.


But the the plus side of that right, is every time she speaks and tries something new, it is new, right? Like it's a new, it's a new attack. It's a new take at Trump. It's a new way of, of her campaigning. And I think that that's like a real, that's a cool thing about this moment. It is. I mean you hate to make any campaign about just like winning the news cycle 'cause it's about bigger than that, but with less than a hundred days left. Yeah. The reason the JD Van stuff was so valuable is because now we could have had a week about Kamala Harris and her and you know, like the Trump campaign attacking her and instead we had a week about JD Vance. She also has remember at the beginning of a campaign, in a general election campaign, you do all of your policy rollouts if you're the candidate in the spring. And so, and she hasn't done any of that yet.


And look, a lot of her policy will be similar to what Joe Biden has already proposed. But she's gonna get to eat up some news cycles, propose and get some attention proposing new policy. So she'll have that, she'll have the convention And I do think to the point about needing new information if she can pivot to, 'cause she's gotta go on offense against Trump. If she can pivot to talking about what Trump will do in the second term, that's new information for voters. And I think that she, if she wants to make news about Trump, it, you know, you're gonna have a better chance making news, talking about what he's planning than talking about like everything people know about Trump already and in his character and all that. I I also think one thing that Obama was really good at in 2007, 2008 was delivering a hit as a joke or with humor generally to like soften it and also make it more interesting.


Yeah. And, you know, Biden I think struggled to do that recently. you know, he seemed defensive and angry at times. Kamala Harris is very good at delivering a hit while laughing. And I think the calling Republicans weird narratives just perfectly folds into that. Just they are weird. Project 2025 is weird. Calling the Jan six insurrectionists hostages and playing their song is weird. Q anon is weird. I like bringing that all up is worth it. I even think that when she does the prosecutor versus felon riff, there's a way to do that where you sound like, like your fingers pointing angry kind of thing. Right. And she, when she delivered, I know his type. Yeah. Really Guy Good. Like it was the exact right tone on That.


I, I wonder too, like, like I, you know, just like good old fashioned Donald Trump said at an event over the weekend that I'm not gonna have that, that we are not gonna have to vote anymore. Would you want to have the vice president at her next Stu be like, did you see this? Here's what Donald Trump said that, that this is gonna be the last election because he's not gonna have you vote anymore. Like that's because he is a scared of your vote. Like, would you be out there kind of like trying to make news cycles out of the weird new things you can kind of grab a speech? Definitely. I think the answer yes. Yeah, definitely. For sure. Definitely. I also think there's just a broader point, like Trump is a celebrity. He's larger than life. He's still this kinda like New York character from the Apprentice in some ways, but electing him empowers people like Speaker Mike Johnson who sends his son a weekly update on his porn viewing to prevent masturbation.


Yeah. That's a real thing that happens in this world. That's weird. It's weird. And No one wants that. No one wants that person to be empowered. And part of this governing coalition, JD Vance is the like embodiment of project 2025, right? The whole project 2025. It's been landing with voters. And I talked to Sarah Longwell about this wilderness over the weekend. It's been coming up organically and and focus groups and part of it is this conspiratorial nature. We've talked about this, now you have JD Vance who like everything about him is project 22, 8 5, including all of the weird shit. And it just makes it easier to, I think, effectively communicate the stakes of the election and what's gonna happen because you're like Trump, whether he cares or not about this shit.


JD Vance is gonna be the vice president and he's gonna be sitting there implementing all the crazy project 2025 Shit. Yeah. It's like, it's like the villain from the Da Vinci code wearing a tech vest like Elon mess. Like you put, you put that guy in the tech vest. It's like the, the worst of kind of like old like kind of revist traditional like morays and laws to control people and like the tech fucking bureaucratic, technocratic control, like put those fucking things together, got a, you know, a pretty gross dude. Get that guy on the psychiatrist couch, you know, Hey. Yeah. He learn a lot of things. He's like, I'm having trouble concentrating 'cause of the couch because this attractive couch would You went Anyway, I'm gonna cushion those remarks with some, yeah.


Hey, hey, you going? Yeah, so, so close sofa. We should, we should pull out of this one. Hey, To the point about Trump, Tommy and how he's like the celebrity well known everyone knows everything about him. And also your, your point about past versus future, like, I, I think that in mocking Trump a little bit of like, aren't we sick of this by Now? Yeah. Sick of all the sexualism. The act is getting old. Did you see the right, like the, like the Trump act is just getting Yes. Old. Did you see the rally the other day when he was like, they made fun of me. And I hate getting made fun of you. Yes. It's like, oh yes he does. He tells us everything. And, you know what he hates the most about and in terms of getting made fun of is irrelevance the idea of irrelevance or that like he's not cool or that he's yesterday's news.


He's boring, He's boring, he's old, annoying. It's not like this, the, the Trump is senile thing that everyone's pushing around on Twitter. I don't think that people buy that as much. It's like the guy, it's just, we're so tired of this. It's like the same blah blah blah. Like you said, yeah, the same hits The blah blah blah blah, Blah. We're gonna get the shark thing, we're gonna get the Hannibal Lecter thing. And we're not like, upset about it. We're just like, enough. What this fucking Guy, it's the drama and the just the endless noise. Chas and Chas of the same speeches. Yeah. No, it's just, it's, I keep someone in the, someone in, did You look up synonyms for Couch? I did, yeah. Chat Chief course. Of course. Someone in one of the focus groups who's a swing voter, Trump Biden swing voter.


He was like, you know, the problem with Trump is it's just like, we know what we're gonna get. It's just a rerun for four more years. And I'm like, yeah, someone should use that. Yeah. That's a good line. It is like a Rerun. It is like a rerun. We're getting fucking celebrity apprentice reruns for another four years have seen, or we want something New. We seen it and it's not new to us. Yeah, that's my, that's, that's my thing. All right. Speaking of VP picks, when we come back from the break, you'll hear Lovett's conversation with Governor Tim Walls. Before we get to that though, a pitch from us. Look, when we, when we started doing this show, we wanted to be home for everyone who wanted to be part of a progressive conversation. We want you to join in and help us invite more people to do the same. If you haven't subscribed to our podcast yet, now's the time. Follow us on Apple, help Juice the algorithm to get the pod in more people's ears.


And if you've got 20 seconds, please share your favorite episode with your friends, families, undecided voters you've matched with on Hinge or anyone else in your life who could be more engaged, active, and hopeful for democracy when we come back. Tim Walls.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater. And this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast, reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to? Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit Consumer Cellular dot com Savings based on cost of Consumer Cellular, single line one, five and 10 gig data plans with a limited talk and text compared to lowest cost, single line postpaid and limited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon, January, 2024.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. And one thing I've learned is that you buy a house, but you make it a home because with every fix, update and renovation, it becomes a little more your own. so you need all your jobs done well, for nearly 30 years, Angi has helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter, from plumbing to electrical roof repair, to deck upgrades. So leave it to the pros. Who will get your jobs done? Well, hire high quality certified pros at Angi dot com.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average. Compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Beyond serving as governor of the great state of Minnesota and chair of the Democratic Governor's Association, our guest today is also rumored to be under consideration to serve as Kamala Harris's Vice Presidential pick. Welcome back to the show, governor Tim Walls. Hey John. Thanks for having me. Good to be back on. Great to have you. Governor Walsh. Noticed respect here, but a matter of days ago, you were basically unknown on the national stage. Now a good chunk of the internet knows what rhymes you went on at the state fair last year. Where the fuck have you been? What? Doing my job out here, I'm just plugging away and up. Just plug plugging away and hibbing. Yeah, just doing the work. So Vice president gets dangled in front of you, suddenly you're like one of the best messengers in the party. Where what, where we needed you. Yeah, I was coaching those football teams.


Oh, plugging away. No, it's alright. Get some observations. Look, there's joy all over the place. The the vice president blew the lid off this thing and it, it feels like a spells broken, so I'm excited. Yeah. so you said that as part of this new joy and enthusiasm that your kids who were 17 and 23 told you TikTok was on. TikTok was on TikTok. I'm, I'm a hundred years old that TikTok, TikTok is on fire with enthusiasm. Are they your Gen Z whisperers? They Are. They are. My my daughter especially, she's a good one. I'll have to say. She's a, she's out in Montana, social worker, but she's, she's in tune to it. I listen to her, I get her work ethic, the things she cares about.


And look, these guys have been through a lot, quite seriously, you know, when they were kids, they went through the great recession, their covid babies, you know, missed out on, on things there. And then they're coming out of this and they're, they're seeing, you know, Trump bring back this horrific message and, and they're done with it. I think I'm feeling it. This is their first time to really feel a campaign that's enthusiastic. I, that's what I see. So, you know, speaking of the seriousness that they've experienced, you have have talked about changing your views on gun safety, in part because of the urging of your daughter. Are you worried at all about the accusation of being in the pocket of big children? Yes. It's, my kids are influencing me. I, I got the other day got asked, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm horrible progressive 'cause our children eat breakfast and lunch in school.


We just gotta embrace the things that, that, that make this country great. But no on seriousness on that one, and I'm friends with David Hog, he, And I have talked about this, I think an evolution on this. I grew up and And I know this is, you know, a small towner, but I put my shotgun in my, you know, car at school or in the football locker to go pheasant hunting afterwards. That was a reality. But we weren't getting shot in school. We, we weren't, we didn't have, you know, ar in school. And so I said it was for me, both a reckoning and an embarrassment. I was one of the people who took the meeting with 23 sets of parents from Sandy Hook in my office, and they thanked me for taking the meeting that that's a reckoning. And then to just listen, their kids would've been my son's age at 17.


So I appreciate all the people who've worked on that and we're seeing that move. So there's reasons to be optimistic. These kids have seen a lot, but they're, they're ready to end it. And boy, when you see the numbers flipping and how much they engaged And, I don't, don't make light of TikTok, you know, in terms of really connecting. My daughter talks about that a lot. You, you, you avoid us your peril of getting the message out. So one, one part of this new enthusiasm has been a kind of collective realization or moment of attention on the ways in which Republicans are not only a threat, but to use your words. Kind of weird. Yeah. You actually use that term back in February when you're on this show about gubernatorial candidates like Mark Robinson, the Harry's campaign's now running with it.


I feel sometimes there's this challenge, right? Because we've gotta make sure people understand that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. Yes. That what they're proposing is extreme and dangerous and something to be terrified of. Yes. At the same time, we want to not allow that to build Trump up into some kind of a strong man figure. Right. That's it. 'cause being strong as de Bill Clinton famously being strong and wrong is better than being right and weak. So how do you, how do you, how do you think about putting those things together? No, that, that's exactly it. I think on big problems, climate change, homelessness and things, if it becomes just an aspirational goal, people don't understand the steps you can make to actually get rid of it. And, and that becomes, then they just kind of fade away and we don't get it done.


You have to have touchpoints. And the thing you're talking about is as you lift this guy up, yes, he's a threat to global democracy and global peace. In my opinion, I think your constitutional rights are under threat. That becomes almost overwhelming. And it's not inspirational. And I. Think taking them down to what this is, this this weird thing is not an insult, it's an observation. And people saying, well, governor Walls came up with this. No, people are telling me this. My Republican 10 friends are telling me this. Because when you look at it this way, who's asking for some of this stuff? Who's asking for healthcare to be taken away? Who's asking for birth control to be taken away? Who's, who's asking? I I, you picture some guys, you know, they always do the, oh, the guy sitting in racing Wisconsin in the bar. you know what's really concerning them? I damn sure guarantee you it's not banning animal farm.


They're talking about, God, it's too damn expensive to pay for childcare or I'd like to do this. So I think the thing is that this spell and you listen to him, there's nothing there. And it opens up a huge space. If you can shrink him, shrink the message, and then really start to focus on that. 'cause look, I say this all the time. Those folks that are at that rally in St. Cloud, they're not gonna vote for me, but I'm gonna make sure they get healthcare. I'm gonna make sure the women who were at that rally are gonna get access to birth control. And there were people there with signs that said Somalis for Trump, we're very proud of our immigrant population. We have a large Somali population here, but I'll be the guy making sure I'm pushing back on his Muslim ban or the denigrating words he used against that community. I think you get it to where people are listening. And, I want people to be very clear.


I'm not talking about Republicans being weird. I'm talking about that. Dude, just my point on this. He's making fun of Kamala Harris laughing. I gotta bet out there. And, and he'll never, he'll never collect on it. He, he will not laugh in public. He's incapable of it. And that's just strange. It is strange. Yes. The not laughing in public thing is so strange. Yes. I don't, I what kind of a person never has an AAU authentic moment of laughter in the public eye. The guy's been in our faces for 50 years. Yes. Yes. So how do you a sense of It. Yeah. Picture and and you tell me, no matter how conservative you are, that's somebody you're gonna be around. Like, I'm telling my team, I'm, you know, I'm not ob I just keep pointing out that why this guy, why this guy? You come home from work, you throw the Frisbee to your pup and he gets it.


He comes over, you give your good boy a belly rub, picture that guy doing anything normal like that. No way. No way. And, I think when people start thinking about this, my republic, my family who are in this, they're concerned about taxes. Maybe if you know what they don't want. They don't want the public schools cut so you can give a tax cut to the, to the wealthiest. They, they, there's a, there's a conservative mantra that has been taken over. And these, I'm just gonna say it, these weird ideas of, you know, like JD Vance, the only, the only people that can vote and benefit are people with kids. And then their kids are gonna get a vote or whatever, and we're gonna do all this. It was, it's, it's ludicrous And I think what's happened is the spells been broken and now we need to step into it with some positive ideas.


So let's talk about that one group of people. So, so Trump's campaign manager told the Atlantics Tim Alberta that their, their target group of voters are disaffected young men, a majority of whom, at least in some polling show a an affinity or an openness to Trump and to Republicans. How do you make sense of this shift amongst young men and and what's your pitch to bring these men back into the, into the fold? Look, if it weren't so serious, Trump is funny. If he weren't involved in some of this, he's a, he's a buffoon. And it, some of it is like when he's doing his shark thing or whatever, I'm laughing, but this guy is a danger or whatever. And, I think when you're a young guy, you're, you're on the edge.


Look, it's the prefrontal lobe stuff. There's some of that. I was that guy, man, I know the glass house I lived in and you got this guy out here wild breaking the rules saying this stuff crazy, all this, it's attractive or whatever. I think what you're seeing now is we don't have to be like that, but we can give them something. That's why you see TikTok with a younger generation. You see, you know, vice President Harris, engaging, understanding, listening. Look, I don't under understand everything about Gen Z, but I I love him. I guarantee you this dude doesn't, and, and the, and the Republicans, everything they're proposing is anti against them. That this generation cares about their neighbors. They don't give a damn about race. They, they truly are much more inclusive and they do care about climate change. So I think these young men are looking for something there.


It's the Trump spectacle. Here's what I think's really getting him. Kamala Harris is becoming a, a phenomenon. And that's what he was. And it's, and her politics are good and wrapped around that. She is starting to gain. And you're gonna see that it starts to shift. And the enthusiasm level amongst that age group is shifting hard. And they are gettable. They are gettable. If we bring 'em back, look, I, I coach these kids in football for years. They wanna be part of winners. I'll tell you the fastest way to get on there. They don't want to be with losers. And, and, and that's my point with him. You're hanging with the wrong dude. So shifting gears, in the late nineties you were teaching and coaching at Mankato, you volunteered to be the gay straight Alliance's first faculty advisor as governor.


You signed an executive order protecting the right to gender affirming care for trans kids. and you signed a bill out. Long book bands. My question is for being such a friend to the queer community, why don't you dress better? It is true. You gotta have the ally that looks like this dude, the old white dude. But I'm proud of that work. 'cause I look, I was the football coach and it was thinking, you know, I'm proud of, I'm proud of the students there who understood that. I'm proud that we were starting to get past this issue. And a lot of it was just, you know, just it's ignorance a lot of times. And we got through that. And so yeah, I gotta do better on this. But I, you know, I'm, I'm trying. I No, I think it, look, I noticed this over the weekend. There, there are people seeing you with, in your given a press conference and it's not clear whether you were, this is not my joke, whether you were gonna run for vice president or, or maybe fix a radiator.


Listen. But, but, but in all seriousness, I do think that, you know, we talked about young men, it does seem like attacking trans people, making this a debate about masculinity is a, a, a kind of way to kind of peel off some of these young men. That's why they kind of target trans people. Scapegoat, trans people try to make this something about being against men. What do you think about that? Yeah, that's that toxic masculinity. There's something about embracing this, about doing good. Look, I'm, I'm proud I played football, but I I also helped do the set at the plays. You, there's, there's being a well-rounded person in understanding you can do these things. It's about being part of your community. And the thing is, they, they try and do that.


This is the thing, John too. They're all the tough guys. The toxic masculinity. We used to have a trap shoot in congress fi you know, we'd go out and we would shoot 25 sporting clay, 25 skit, you know, 25 trap or whatever classic I'd be Top gun. I can shoot these guys. So I'd ride back on the bus. How does it feel to get out shot every year by a liberal gun grabber. Most of these guys had never been around guns. It's just like a persona. It's like they pick up that look, you know it, I've been talking about JD Vance or whatever. That's not my small town. That's not where I was from. That's not how we talked. And I think part of it is, is letting 'em know it's okay, you're right about round cars. I'm proud that I can do some things around a car. I fix it or whatever. But there's a whole wonderful, you know, rainbow of things that people can do. But I do think you're right that it, it's targeting, they turn scapegoats into punchlines.


you know, they make people scapegoats. We need to embrace and that's what we've done. And, and it's okay, but that toxic masculinity is a scary thing. So let's say you're on a debate stage with say, JD Vance and he accuses you of being a big government liberal who's attacking our families, making life worse for our families, doesn't share our values, doesn't care about families like yours. What do you say to him? Yeah, first of all, it was up to him. I wouldn't have a family because of IVF and the things that we need to do reproductive. My kids were born through that direct, you know, that way. And also I make sure that I'm the guys and, and our folks are investing in prenatal care. We're the ones that are there for Universal pre-K we're the ones that are providing school meals at this. I'm not gonna back down one bit on this whole family values thing.


And it's us. That that construct that he's putting out there is absolutely untrue. We're making it more affordable to have children by having paid family and medical leave so that you can go home when your kids are sick and take care of them. Or if you're a dad, I don't have to go right back to work five days later after my wife had a c-section because our insurance wouldn't pay for it. We're boosting those things up. There's nothing pro-family other than having women be incubators for their vision of this And I. Don't know. Once again, it's weird. I don't want JD Vance talking about my family. I certainly don't want him talking about my, my daughter or my wife. It's none of his damn business. But I said the one thing is, is we need to talk about how we've invested in families. We have the most generous child tax credit and it's what Vice President Harris is proposing for the country.


That people are poor 'cause they don't have money. And when kids don't have the money on the front end, all of the things that a chain reaction of can't learn can't go on. So I'll, I'll challenge him on that. Where is JD Vance's pro? He's forcing people to have, you know, not be able to have medical care if they have a bad pregnancy or something. We need to, we need to stand in front of that. And again, you don't need me to give a sermon, but try and live one. Try and be decent. Try and help your neighbors trying to invest in those kids. Before we go, I, I do wanna talk to you about something that is quite depraved that you're not only involved in, but a huge proponent of, and that's the Minnesota State Fair. Now I'm actually, I'm actually coming to the state fair this year. No way.


I am actually dating a Minnesotan And. I wanted to ask you, first of all, is there any kind of dispensation or government provided lactate that can be provided at various stations just for the safety of the people involved and the amount of dairy and the rides you're putting in such close proximity to each other. What what about safety? What about public health? Well, I'll go over and be there. You can eat chocolate or regular $1, $1. All you can drink. so you gotta picture this. You're out there, it's 90 degrees. You can have unlimited amounts of milk. That's, and then you go do the slingshot. That's it. It is, it's a rite of passage. But it's a, it's a good one. Now one hard question here. I wanna ask you about four different food options and one's gotta go.


One is no longer gonna be available. All right? Here are your four choices. All right? Fried cheese curds. I think we have a photo for you. The corn on the cob, that's, that's famous. A bucket of Sweet Martha's cookies. Oh. Served by the bucket and a pronto pup, which seems to me some sort of amalgamation of corn dogs, pancakes and no Different, different, I'm, I'm team corn dog. Cost me lots of votes, but I'm clearly clean a corn dog. Okay. You, you bailed me out on that one. I did, did I'm, I'm throwing the pro pup and sticking with the other two, the Corn dog. Wow. Wow. And and now my understanding is the bucket of cookies. Oh my gosh. It can't be closed until you've eaten several families worth of cookies.


Several. Yeah. I can't. And this is when there was a simpler time in 2018, I bought my bucket and the Republicans, I'll give them this old school Republicans smart. Their booth was right next to the Sweet Martha's booth. A smart And I bought one of these And I, walked through the booth and nine outta 10 people took 'em. you know, like from him, when goes, I'm not taking anything from you And. I'm like, oh, that's fine. And the lady next to me says, well, I'm not voting for him, but I'm taking the cookie. Sweet. Martha's is the ultimate, is the ultimate bipartisan entry point. So yeah, I can't, you get about a dozen before you get to the bucket. That's sick. People are sick. That's, and I'm Gonna finally Stay. That's Who we walk. We walk on water half the year we have to do something. So Governor Tim Walls, thank you so much for your time.


Really great to talk to you. Thanks John. See you. Stay fair. Yeah, see you. The fair. That's our show for today. Lovett And and Stacey Abrams will be back with a new show on Wednesday afternoon. That's right. Wow. Really we're, we're going big for our guest host these Days. Yeah. Pretty exciting stuff. Excited. Alright everyone, we'll see you then. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn. Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. And one thing I've learned is that you buy a house but you make it a home because with every fix, update and renovation, it becomes a little more your own. so you need all your jobs done well for nearly 30 years, Angi has helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter, from plumbing to electrical roof repair, to deck upgrades. So leave it to the pros who will get your jobs done? Well hire high quality certified pros at Angi dot com.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average Compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.