
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. Nothing says summer like cookouts, vacations, and hoping your neighbor remembers to bring in your packages while you're away. Or you could just skip the worry altogether with SimpliSafe, because their outdoor protection can actually help stop porch pirates before they strike ar I like. That's what it sounds like. Arg. I set up a SimpliSafe. Easy to do Works outta the box. You customize it for your space. The app is great. The customer support's really reliable. It makes you feel safe, makes you feel secure when you're away. Most security systems only take action after somebody breaks in. That's too late. SimpliSafe new active guard Outdoor Protection help stop break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking agents, talk to them in real time. Turn on spotlights. You can call the police proactively deterring crime before it starts Named Best Home Security System of 2025 by cnet. Rank number one in customer service by Newsweek and USA today, 4 million plus Americans Trust. Simply Safe. No contracts, no hidden fees. Monitoring plans start at $1 per day, 60 day money back guarantee. Visit simply safe.com/ Crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free@simplisafe.com slash Crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, we're gonna talk about the Republican plan to gut people's healthcare, which is running into some roadblocks. We'll cover the absolute meltdown over Zoran Amani's Big win in New York City on Tuesday. And then later I chat with California Congressman Robert Garcia about his big win in the race to be the top Democrat on the oversight committee, what fights he plans to pick, and what he really thinks about Stephen Miller, your friend of mine. But let's start with the military strike on Iran's nuclear facilities that Donald Trump wants us to believe was the most perfect successful operation in the history of the United States. Eat shit D-Day, this is it.


This is the most perfect strike you've ever seen. Can I give you some D-Day numbers, just Sure. While we're here, just to put this in perspective and not to demean this very excellent strike that happened, but there were 5,000 ships in D-Day. 13,000 planes, a hundred, 156,000 troops, and 600,000 pounds of equipment removed on that day. Okay? I think you've, I think you've wandered into the wrong podcast. The pod, pod save of the World records on Tuesday. Look, this is a, i, I don't know what podcast I'm on. I thought it was a fact-based podcast. They wanted to push back against misinformation from the Trump administration. So the president started crashing out about this when CNN broke the news earlier this week, that the Defense Department's initial intelligence assessment found that the strike only set back around nuclear program by a few months.


That their stockpile of enriched uranium was not destroyed, and that their centrifuges are largely intact. Trump responded by rage posting 21 times on Wednesday while he was at the NATO summit, I guess in Europe. He also responded by attacking CNN's Natasha Bertrand, for breaking the story. He has ordered an FBI leak investigation. He's limiting access to classified information for Congress. And the White House has orchestrated an aggressive PR campaign where Trump officials in the White House and the cabinet are now saying that actually the intelligence says that the nuclear program was obliterated, that the centrifuges were destroyed, the enriched uranium wasn't moved.


The program was set back years. And anyone who says otherwise is basically a, a lying traitor who hates the troops. Let's listen to Pete Seth's early morning presser from today. Are you certain none of that highly enriched uranium was moved? Of Course, we're watching every single aspect, but Jennifer, you've been about the worst. The the one who misrepresents the most intentionally. How many stories have been written about how hard it is to, I don't know, fly a plane for 36 hours? Has M-S-N-B-C done that story? Has Fox, have we done the story, how hard that is? Have we done it two or three times? Because you cheer against Trump so hard, it's like in your DNA and in your blood to cheer against Trump.


I haven't heard Pete that mad since he missed last call. No, that's Pretty good. I like it. I laughed. He was talking there to Jennifer Griffin of Fox News, his former home where he was the weekend anchor on Fox and Friends for just asking a very legitimate question. What did you think about Hegseth? What do you think about this whole freakout that the Trump administration and the President are having over the aftermath of the strikes? I mean, the event that Hegseth had with the chairman of the joint chief of staff was pitiful. Like they, they made everyone co go to the Pentagon at 8:00 AM for this press conference.


At no point, and this was the press conference, it was tilted by the president of the United States on one of the many truths he sent while sitting in a NATO summit. And yet they didn't talk at all about the damage assessments, right? As General Cain said, he does not, the military doesn't grade their own homework. So all they did, they didn't push back on the thing. They did not talk about the actual results or success of the mission. They detailed the, the tremendous difficulty it takes to fly those planes to successfully launch the missiles or to drop the bombs where they're supposed to be dropping all of that, but doesn't get at the question everyone had, which is what, what, what next for around nuclear program? What, where is the highly enriched uranium like you played that point?


He didn't. He was asked the question about where it was he didn't answer that they don't know. And that's the big thing. Like it is very pitiful. And it's, you know, it is, it is how we've seen this. It's the intellectual Zamboni to use lovett's phrase of Trump goes out before there's a single battlefield damage assessment and says, we obliterated the whole thing. And now it turns out that's not the case. And the entire government intelligence apparatus has to run behind Trump and try to make that true, even though it's obviously not true. There was one excellent explanation for why they're spinning this so hard from a surprising source. Let's listen. When You have a totalitarian regime, you have to save face.


That's good. That was Caroline Levitt from today's briefing. She kept up the party line. It's the most successful operation ever. The President has now also threatened to sue the New York Times, which confirmed CNN's reporting. He's gone after Natasha Bertrand of CNN, you know, personally, directly. They're all going after her. So did Caroline Levitt going after the New York Times and New York Times. I was proud to see that. They put out a statement that said, there will be no apology, there will be no retraction, there will be nothing. We reported the truth the best we could, But it's, the whole thing is so bizarre because at no point are they saying that this report does not exist or that the way it was characterized as wrong, Which well, we, and you know, that it exists because they've started a leak investigation and have complained publicly about who leaked it.


So there they have admitted that they have admitted that the report exists. What they're trying to say now is it was an early assessment and lo and behold, since new assessments have come out, much different now, much different. But they had, those assessments have not been shared. No, of course not. In fact, in fact, they had a closed door classified briefing, I believe with, you know, Democrats and Republicans in Congress today. Chris Murphy walked out of the briefing and he told reporters that he is quote, still under the belief that we have not obliterated the program. It's certain there's still significant capability and equipment that remain. So in the end, what the report said, it's worth noting the New York Times and CNN said it was an early assessment in the reporting.


I think the headline was early assessment says, but we are where we are and all the rest is is just fucking noise. And it's a press conference with an audience of one. It's just like lying all over the place and people that you can't trust and have lost their credibility all over the place. Because in the original story, even before the early intel assessment that leaked, David Sanger wrote a piece about everything that happened, the strike, the aftermath of the strike, like a day or two after. And that was the piece that had Israeli officials saying that they think that the enriched uranium was moved and all that kinda stuff. And then Barack Ravi, the Axios reporter, said, oh, now it Israeli officials telling him that actually they agree with Trump, that it was completely obliterated and it's been set back years.


But it's like, who, who can trust Netanyahu in his government now? Right. And there's a report today that European and that European countries were given an assessment that seemed very similar to the early, early one from the United States. Right? All of this is so stupid. It's so dumb because it's all beyond the point. Like we're arguing about how far the bombs went down the hole, right. We're not having, and and like, and how the, how damaged facilities were, which is I guess is somewhat relevant. The bigger question. There are two bigger questions. One is, where's the highly enriched uranium? Right? No one has an answer to that. Seems like a problem. No one is contending it was destroyed. I mean, other than Trump. But like no one, there's no report saying that.


No one seems to know. There's no one explaining why it wasn't moved. 'cause obviously it was moved, but to where, and were we able to destroy it? And the second point here is no, even if this was the most, this really was the perfect strike, the most successful possible version of this mission, all you're doing is delaying Iran's ambitions longer. Maybe it's not a few months, maybe it's a year, maybe it's two years. But it, you're gonna end up in the same, this is why this was an ill-fated decision from the very beginning. 'cause you're gonna end up back in the place where they are on the cusp of having a nuclear weapon. And now because we took this strike, the chances of resolving that through diplomatic means are greatly reduced.


Yeah. 'cause they trump, Trump believed he could bomb them back to the table, which seems unlikely or it seems unlikely that if they do come back to the table, they'll have any level of credibility, any level of trust in the Trump administration. And, and why should they? And this is the whole, like no one is suggesting that it was the military or the pilots. No, they did a great job. Didn't that didn't successfully obliterate it. Right. They did everything they were told to do. The person who told them to do it made a dumb fucking move by deciding to bomb these sites without letting more diplomacy take hold or having no plan for what happens after the sites were bombed. And also, by the way, blabbing his fucking mouth.


Yes, exactly. About the fact that he might bomb them. And so they could move the enriched uranium in time, which he did. And which the defense department told the New York Times on background that by the way, he was their biggest, he was their biggest opsec problem. The president of the United States. It's such, this is like the, this is a pre-Trump Republican playbook move, which is If you disagree with a military operation, you're anti-Trump. If you oppose the Iraq war, you were anti-Trump. And they're doing the same thing here. And it's like, it doesn't wear very well. It's, it's, it was, it was like a, I guess a somewhat effective cudgel in the early two thousands. But right now it looks ridiculous. Yeah. It's also, they're all because Trump passed to say everything is perfect and everything was obliterated.


And it's the greatest operation in history. Imagine if Trump had come out and just said like, yeah, I think we set back their program for a few years. No one's gonna say like, actually it was a few months. Like, you might get a little reporting on that. But just say that the mission was successful. We severely, you know, hamper their ability to make a nuclear weapon and now we're gonna do X, Y, and Z. But they can't do that because they don't have a plan. And because all they want is a short-term success to brag about. That's it. That's all they think. That's all how, that's how Trump thinks. And Trump can only speak in superlatives. Yes. Everything's the greatest, best ever. Now we have a government that has to then go back and try to make all of those things true. Which is an impossible and ridiculous and stupid standard Quinnipiac poll came out and apparently only 41% of Americans support the strike.


And this was after the strike. And 50% opposed. Which is actually lower numbers than I thought. I thought that more people would be for it just because it seemed to have gone okay. And there's thank God no US casualties and no wider war yet. But, you know, I think people are smarter than they're given credit for. And, and get that this, this could mean that we're drawn into a larger war. If not now, later. There's been several polls that have come out since the strikes. You have a Reuters poll, you have a CNN poll, you have that's gonna PC poll and all of them show the same thing. Majority opposition to the strikes. Somewhere between 70 and 85% of people concerned that this is gonna drive us into a wider war. The CNN poll finds that people think that the result of strikes is that Iran is more likely to build a nuclear weapon than to not do so.


And I think it's 49% that CNM poll don't trust Trump to make the right decisions. Here we are, we are so far beyond sort of reflexive post nine 11 rally around the flag on these things. People have seen this movie before. They know what happens. They know and they know the results is nothing good for America.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Tommy John. No matter what's happening in politics. Tommy John keeps you cool, comfortable and supported where it counts. I wore Tommy John to the No Kings protest. Oh did you? I wear it every day. How were your fellas? I would say that, you know what? They were peaceful. Clearly they were peaceful and they were calm. They were, they were nonviolent. BFA Didn't Get a joke. Didn't get there, didn't get there. What would be the answer there? Hmm. I don't know. They weren't agitating or agitators. But I wear Tommy John every day. It's the best. Great. Tommy John's proprietary fabrics are silky, soft and luxurious. I know it's a good day when I have my Tommy John's on and every day is a good day as far as I'm concerned. Feel confident all day long in underwear that is breathable, lightweight and comfortable. Get the support you've been looking for with underwear. They won't ride up. Tommy John's are up to four times more stretchy than competing brands, but they won't stretch out. Best of all, you can buy them risk free with their money back guarantee. Elevate your essentials with Tommy John today exclusively. For our listeners, you can shop Tommy John's amazing 4th of July sale early right now save 30% sitewide only@tommyjohn.com slash Crooked. Save 30% off for a limited time@tommyjohn.com slash Crooked c site for details.


So Trump had a big event on the White House on Thursday. The point was to sell his big bill of bullshit, which, oh, look At you with your new B-B-B-B-B Or whatever. I honestly, I just, I I just, I've found myself saying it. I hate saying it, as I said earlier today in our meeting. And so it just, bullshit was just the easiest thing to come outta my mouth. Yeah, I like it. I don't know if it'll stick. It's not to shut us. If it sticks, we should think of other B words though. It's also, it's also beleaguered right now. It's a beleaguered bill. Is that a word? Is that, is that a word that really rolls off the tongue? No, it doesn't roll off the tongue, but it is used in the correct context here. It Is a, it is a political coverage. It's the media likes to use that. It's be everyone's beleaguered.


Anyway, so he does this event. He stands in front of a backdrop of regular Americans dressed up like the village people to make it obvious what jobs they have, what they're going through. They, they're, he can tell their stories why each of them might benefit from the bill. Trump listed off a bunch of things that are in the bill. Some things that aren't in the bill. He's talked about no tax on social security. That's not in the bill at all. But he promised that in the event today. And then he urged Congress to pass it before his July 4th deadline. Seems unlikely. 'cause here's where we are with this shit burger. You might remember that during the interminable debate over the Biden administration's B, BB 'cause everyone has their own BBB.


Apparently there was a point in the process where the Senate parliamentarian, who is possibly the most powerful nerd in America, ruled on whether anything in the bill broke the budget rules. And the budget rules are, you can only include stuff and a budget bill that primarily impacts the federal budget. And so you can't use a budget bill to change laws. That's cheating. Because if you're changing the laws, you gotta find 60 votes instead of 51. You only need 51 to pass a budget bill. You need 60 votes to pass anything else. So when there's a budget bill, the parliamentarian goes through it and says, Nope, this doesn't just primarily impact the federal budget. It also changes a law here or changes this or that.


So on Thursday, the parliamentarian said that a lot of the changes to Medicaid do not comply with the rules. John Thon, who's in charge of this circus, said we have contingency plans and quote, we're plowing forward. But the coverage on this matter includes heavy usage of the word scramble. Everyone is scrambling, they're cra Republicans are scrambling right now, scrambling for votes, scrambling to figure out the math, scrambling to figure out whether they can throw more or less people off their healthcare. What do you think, Dan? What's, how big of a deal is what the parliamentarian is doing to the bill? And what are Republicans options?


Sure. So let's try to take this in two parts. There's, how does the parliamentarians ruling affect the substance of the bill and how does it affect passage of the bill? So the substance of the bill, there are a whole bunch of like really pretty onerous, stupid cruel things that were in there that get tossed out, you know, bans on using Medicaid funding for gender affirming care for trans youth and adults. A bunch of things to make it harder for people to repay their loans or get their student loans forgiven. Some provisions to make it harder for legal immigrants to access benefits. The guarantee to them by law. A bunch of like really bad stuff that gets Tossed out. Mike Lee's thing about selling off public loans. Federal Lands. Yeah, federal Lands another, yeah, that's out. And then the Medicaid provider tax provision is a, it's a huge deal. It, you know, it would bankrupt rural hospitals.


It would force states to cut services, which could lead to hundreds of thousands of people losing coverage over the course of the next several years. It's a, it's a very big deal. And so the bill, the Medicaid provisions of the, of the bill are less bad with that out. If now in terms of passage, here's where we are. If the, the Medicaid provider tax provisions stay out, then they either have to find more even less popular Medicaid cuts or send a bill back to the house with that raises deficit even more, which it may, which compounds the problems they were already having. 'cause there are sort of three main buckets of problems between the Senate and the House right now.


The first will be the deficit. And if the Medicaid provider tax is not in there higher deficits, the Chip Roys of the world of Freedom Caucus people, they get kind of squirrely. The second is the state little local tax exemption. The Senate has, has trimmed that back. The, the quote unquote salty from New York and California are still, are quite salty, If you will. Oh, There it's Boom. And then the third thing is the Senate delays the repeal of some of the clean energy tax credits from the Inflation Reduction Act. And the house is very pissed about that Steve Scalise today came out and said you'd have to go back to where the house was to get it passed. So all of that makes this very tricky path to passing the bill. That much trickier on a very short timeline.


If you really do want to get to Trump's July 4th deadline. We've been saying this for a while, that it's very tough to reconcile the desire to make these deep cuts to Medicaid and food assistance and other programs and also not add trillions more to the deficit. Like it's just a math problem. I still don't like the, the the, the worst this is going for them. The more I think, I wonder why they don't just extend the tax cuts and call it a day and just say that we're gonna do everything else next year or some other time, or we're gonna split it into two big bills of bullshit. You know, I don't know.


Like what do you feel like, I, I mean, because just, just reading the comments from, and I realize that most of these people, I realize that the high likelihood is that all these people cave in the end. Whether you're mad about deficits, whether you're mad about the Medicaid cuts, whether you're mad about salt, like at Donald Trump at the end tells you vote for the bill, you vote for the fucking bill. But Marjorie Taylor Greene posted today that she's a no right now. You know, the chip Roys, the Andy Harris', all those people, the Freedom Caucus, they're like, this is crazy. Bill Cassidy, Senator, Republican senator said the Medicaid cuts and the Senator too much now. And so he wants to go back to the house. Medicaid cuts, which were still fucking awful.


So I don't for, it's definitely not, I, I can't see it getting done by July 4th, that's for sure. Yeah. I'm skeptical to do that. 'cause at every other recent time where we've thought they can't get this done on a short timeframe, they have gotten it done 'cause Trump was able to bully these folks into it. I think when you think about, to answer your question about why don't they just extend the tax cuts and, and you have to have to put the debt ceiling in there as well. I think it's gonna be hard to get people to vote to extend the debt ceiling without some form of cuts in there. So that becomes a problem. Unless Democrats don have to bail them out on them, which we absolutely should not do. But the other, there's also just a mentality change. Like in our mind, Republicans paid a huge political price in the 2018 midterms. 'cause they tried to repeal the affordable charact.


Yeah. In the Republican mindset and in Trump's mindset, they paid a huge price in the 2018 midterms. 'cause they failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Mm. It was the failure, not the attempt. And so the idea that you like, and a simple year extension to your extension of the tax cuts would be seen as a failure. And so that, that is a motivate. That is why food and others say failure is not an option. 'cause they think that would be worse for them. 'cause it would, I don't agree with this analysis, but it deflates the base, the don the deflates, the donor base, all of that. If you can't get what you promised done, it's literally the only bill they've tried to pass the whole year. I mean I do, I do agree that if they fail to pass it, they could get donors and some base voters pissed off.


And they also still get the Medicaid ads that they tried to cut Medicaid. So they sort of get the worst of all worlds because everything they proposed is still out there, is something that they proposed. So the parliamentarian screws them over and in their mind. And you know, one thing is to just figure out a way to make the math work by doing other cuts or, or tax increases, who knows. Or just adding to the deficit or whatever else. But then of course there's already some Republicans who are arguing that you can also either overrule the parliamentarian, ignore the parliamentarian, get the votes to overrule or fire the parliamentarian. And Thune has already said this is not a good option.


So in some key quotes on this from Republicans, one is how is it that an unelected swamp bureaucrat who was appointed by Harry Reed over a decade ago gets to decide what can and cannot go. And President Trump's one big beautiful bill and that was Florida Congressman Greg St. Stuby. There's also this quote, Democrats can't let an unelected bureaucrat stand in the way of popular and necessary policies. That was Dan Pfeiffer in 2021. Alright, thank you. Tim Russer threw my old quotes back against me. Honestly, that was a re that was a read hurling special. Oh. After I told Reid that I held this position. So I'm sure he is not digging through the message box archives to find that the context of that quote, which I 100% stand by because I am not someone who clings to norms as America falls into a fascistic dystopian future.


Like some of you is, was during the, you Know, another word for norms is Dan democracy. You know, another word for democracy is to quote a mattius is norms in a trench coat. So no, the that, the context of that quote was when Democrats were trying to pass the Voting Rights Act and we had 50 votes for it. We did not have fi We did, but we did not have the 60 needed for the filibuster to get by the filibuster. And we had two senators who you may remember from that period of time, Kristen s and Joe Manchin, who would not eliminate the filibuster two pass the a voting rights bill. And so I believe then, and I believe now that the right thing to do would've been to do everything we possibly could to pass that voting rights bill.


Because ultimately, But that wasn't a, that wasn't a parliamentarian issue. It was a parliamentarian issue. 'cause They were trying to do, they were trying to do voting rights in a budget bill. Yes. There was a part you can Do. Obviously that doesn't comply. You couldn't do the, you couldn't do the whole thing. But there was a whole theory you could do. You could do some of it, some of it that way. I Remember, here's point I remember it with minimum wage was the big, that's the one that everyone got mad at cinema. Yeah. 'cause we tried to put minimum a higher minimum wage in the budget bill, which you could argue is like, you know, tangentially related at least to the federal budget. And then they overruled that. I Mean, look, obviously to follow Miles's law, like where you stand depends on where you sit. So right now, I'm very pleased with the parliamentarian. But the idea that we are allowing a rule set by Robert Bird, a senate rule set by Robert Bird, not a law.


Right. Not a, you know, not some something in the Constitution to determine what the majority of the country and the majority of the Senate wants, I think is one of the problems with the Senate writ large. I mean, I still think that the filibuster is a problem and it should go, even though we're standing where we are right now and Republicans have the Senate. Because I just think that the, the chances that Democrats ever get 60 Senate seats with the map of way, it is like, I don't know if we'll see it in our lifetime. No, certainly not in the next several Senate elections. And we're lucky if we get 51. So I think that, you know, if we ever want to do good things again in this country and, and pass them through legislation, we're gonna need to depend on 51 votes and not 60.


So Yeah. I mean, which is by the way, why all this stuff is getting done in budget bills. Right. Because that's the only kind of bill that you can get 51 votes. The real problem here is the filibuster. Again, That is the, it's, it's just a, it's a, it's a stupid way to run a railroad. To not in a world that, in a polarized world where you can't get, where neither party can really get to 60 cents. Republicans have a better chance than we do. But it's still quite challenging. You just can't solve big problems this way. And the consequence of that is that sometimes it's gonna fall where the Republicans have the trifecta and you're gonna get really bad policies. I think I personally am of the view that over the long course of time, that is a better, I would rather have that risk and be able to do good things when we have it than the country be able to do literally nothing other than pass one budget bill per presidency for the future.


A hundred percent. And for people who disagree and think we should keep it, I would just ask you just give me the states that will get us to 60 senators. Go through the map, look at the votes in the last couple elections. Tell me where we get 60 senators from. Just try it. You mentioned the failure's not an option thing. So that came from a closed door meeting that, and it leaked from a closed door meeting among Republican senators and it was from Mitch McConnell. I was like, where's he been? You know, but what he said was, according to punchbowl, which was, which got word from the meeting, got a leak from the meeting, he said, I know a lot of, he said, failure's not an option.


And then he said, I know a lot of us are hearing from people back home about Medicaid, but they'll get over it. I mean, this is, I know we're all having trouble trying to figure out how like the Medicaid stuff can break through and how the bill can break through to people. We got Joni Ernst, she's out there saying, someone's like, oh, people are gonna die. Well, we're all gonna die. We got Mitch McConnell saying, people back home who are upset about Medicaid cuts will get over it. Tom Tillis maybe the most vulnerable Republican senator in 2026. I guess Susan Collins too. But he was actually, there's a piece of paper, we have a picture of this.


He, there's a piece of paper he was carrying around to his Republican colleagues that shows how many thousands and thousands of people in North Carolina are gonna lose their Medicaid and lose their healthcare if this goes through. Well, What? I can't wait to put that in an ad. Yeah. That When he votes for it in the end. Yeah, We have, we do have a picture of that. I really, really wish we had a recording of Mitch McConnell, but on, they haven't, I guess Mitch McConnell's person said, well, what he was actually talking about is the people who will get over it are the able bodied people who are getting Medicaid right now who shouldn't be. They'll get over it. Oh, of course. Well, you know, in this era of ai you could, I'm just saying Anyway, we should be talking about it a lot.


That's all. Yeah. It is helpful that it's Mitch McConnell and not like Mike Creo. It's like someone of the people actually know who is. Yeah, I mean, I would, It's a ready made, a ready made villain for people. Yes. And I would bet most people think Mitch McConnell's still in charge of the Senate anyway. I'm not sure John Thune has Swep swept the nation yet as a, as a political figure. No, he hasn't really left a mark just yet.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Sundays. Sundays is fresh dog food made from a short list of human grade ingredients. Sundays was co-founded by Dr. Tory Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tested and formulated every version of each recipe. Gave some to dogs too. Sundays could change a hundred percent on natural meat and superfoods and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. Dog parents report noticeable health improvements in their pups, including softer for a fresher breath, better poops and more energy after switching to Sundays. I'm watching a big dog for a friend of mine. That dog took a fucking triceratop that I was, it was like by the handful. Disgusting. It was too soft. They need sundaes. Did you have To wear gloves like all the way up to your elbows? I, I, the bag was like, I was like, this bag is not meant for the, the, the structure integrity of this bag. The point is, dogs love sundaes and it makes you feel good that you're feeding your dog the best quality food. Unlike other fresh dog food sundaes does not require refrigeration or preparation because their air drying process means you can just pour and serve, cancel or pause your subscription anytime with our 14 day money back guarantee. Every order ships right to your jaren. You'll never worry about running out of dog food again. It's incredibly easy. I love using food like sundaes that's like air dried it. It's better for them, but it lasts also. It's great to have the subscription. You just really do never run out. You always feel like you're one bag ahead. You always wanna be one bag ahead. That's the motto. Get 40% off your first order of Sundays, go to Sundays for dogs.com/ Crooked or use code Crooked at checkout. That's Sundays for dogs.com/ Crooked code Crooked.


All right, let's go to the local news. I don't know if anyone's aware, but a man named Zoran Ani won Tuesday's Democratic primary for mayor in New York City. Look, there was some woos in the, in the studio, Which is, the studio Is in Park Slope, Right? Yeah, it is. It's Bush actually a lot of, yes. Yes. Zoran beat the Poles and Andrew Cuomo by Seven Points. Crazy. What was the, what was the Emerson Poll? The Emerson Poll had 'em like leading by a few maybe. Yeah, a couple. No, no, I didn't see eight. Any poll that had seven, seven points. It was a big enough lead that Cuomo conceded without waiting for the ranked choice process to play out.


So we, we, that's not, that's not even the final margin yet for, for Zuora. And it could be bigger than that when they actually finish ranked choice that ranked choice process. So Momani now moves onto the general election where he will face incumbent mayor Eric Adams, who's running as an independent and will have lots of money to spend along with perennial Republican candidate. Curtis Sliwa, swa sua swa SOA perennial, but I don't know him. Yeah. And various no names. There have been just a few takes on Mom's win. I don't dunno if you've heard any, let's start with Republicans who've really been having a normal one. Gonna read you a a few choice. Gonna read you a few choice reactions. Dan Donald Trump Jr.


Reposted a tweet that said, quote, I'm old enough to remember when New Yorkers endured nine 11 instead of voting for it. So that was cool. That's from the president's son, Laura Loomer, a proud Islamophobe is what she, she calls herself also said, mom, Dani's win would lead to another nine 11. That's, she just said that Elise Nik, who wants to, now that she didn't get her dream job at the UN might run for governor of New York. She called him a jihadist terrorist sympathizer jihadist, which is, that's really nice. And then Donald Trump himself called Momani a quote, 100% communist lunatic. And of course, the gang over at Fox News, they took up the chorus right away.


Let's listen. I cannot believe that New York is about to elect Adam Sandler, the hairdresser as mayor of one of the world's greatest cities. The Democrats have gone so far left. They're socialists now. It's President Trump that's really in the middle looking at everybody and governing that way. He's gonna turn the prisons inside out and he is gonna turn Whole foods into no foods Unless Rich New Yorkers band together donate a lot of money and create a groundswell for a viable alternative to momani. Another great American city is gonna swirl down the drain. You know what creates a groundswell? Lots of money. It's just MAGA diehard Andy Ogles of Tennessee.


This is some sick shit, is officially calling for the Department of Justice to investigate Momani, who was born in Uganda so that he can be de naturalized and deported on the grounds of material support for terrorism. I, I don't know, Dan, what is wrong with these people? I mean, something very wrong. I just, this is the least important point possible. But in the Adam Sandler movie, don't Mess with Zohan. He was an Israeli super hairdresser. I didn't even know that was a movie, Dan. Yeah. Okay. I saw the look in your face. I guess I, I haven't kept up one of my Adam Sandler. I Think it's from a long time ago. Catalog. Yes. 2008. We were, you were busy that year. Yeah, well, I was working for, working for another secret Muslim born in Africa.


Yes. Yes. I guess, I guess not so secret now. Yes. So it, I'm actually like, I'm surprised by the level and breadth of reaction from the right on this. Like, I thought that they would be, are you, I mean, I thought that they would say some of this shit, but the fact that it has been like nonstop for a couple days, I don't know. I guess I can always be shocked by this mean. I'm not shocked at what the, the, the sort of the, the vitriol and the, and the racism and the hatred. That, that doesn't surprise me. Just that they, I guess they're, they don't have anything else to do right now. So they're really all in.


Yeah, a hundred percent. This is very much on brand. It's like, I'm sure it, like it drives ratings for them. It makes them happy. And frankly, the bigwigs and r and right wing media based in New York City too, like all these Fox people are living there in the middle of this. I don't know how effective this is because it's so over the top and so extreme. And you know, Charlie Kirk and Steven Miller and Matt Walsh and the rest of 'em, they're out there saying, you know, there's just too many immigrants in New York. And there's New York is full of foreign born, you know, a third of all the citizens in New York now are foreign born. And two thirds of all children in New York City live in a, in the household where one of the parents is foreign born.


And we can't have any more third world migration at all. Just being, just, just saying the quiet part out loud, that it's not about illegal immigration to them at all. It's about legal immigration. They don't like immigrants in this country. Also, New York City has been about a third foreign born citizens in New York City since at least 2000. It's been the, almost the exact same margin. And then really since New York City became a city. Yeah, it was, it was, it was either a little higher than that or a little lower. Like there's just been no, they want you to think that the country is changing and that there's all these foreign born people in the country now and mass migration and really, it just, it, it, it in a city like New York, it just hasn't changed all that much.


Yeah. I mean, well obviously you remember that the Statue of Liberty went up during the Biden administration. It's like, that's when he truly opened the doors. That was, that was the gift he took. Yes. Un unlike the $400 million plane. But it was the same idea. Yes, Exactly. So the Rich Wall Street types, they are also very upset. I can imagine about Momani. They're quoting on CNBC. They're quoting Dark Knight saying quote, they're taking Wall Streeters and making them walk out onto the ice and the East River. And then they fall through hedge fund billionaire. Bill Ackman wrote one of his trademark 1000 word diatribes on Twitter begging someone to launch a write-in campaign. And then he promised to help fund it and said, the money will be there if someone wants to just step up and run a campaign that do a write-in thing, then the billionaires will fund it.


And then the Times reports that Eric Adams has already met with business and finance leaders to talk about how to stop ani nice of these guys to do free campaign ads for Zoran, Huh? Yeah, exactly. Billionaires mad at Mandani. It's gonna be huge, huge, huge political problem for him. What, I mean, what do you make of this? I, this is not surprising. I think the more likely scenario is they get behind Adams. It's easier. He's already out, he already has ballot access and you, we know he can be bought since he both was indicted for bribery, then yeah, just Ask, just ask the Turks. Yes. And, but then he traded then he was bribed again in exchange for a pardon?


So it's like having his charges dropped, I guess so. Yeah. I think they're gonna, I think they will get behind him. There will be a full, full New York City freak out about this over the next several months. Do you think, Do you think Cuomo gets back in and runs as on some other party's ticket? I I mean, he did so poorly. I know. I'm not sure anyone would want him to do that. It wasn't like he got in late and almost got there, or started weak and grew strong. He got his ass kicked and was a terrible candidate. So I don't know that, I don't know that people will put more good money after bad. There is a quote, an amazing quote from one of the hedge fund guys who gave $250,000 to this Pro Cuomo super Pac who's now gonna back Ani. And he said, don't mistake my $250,000 donation for enthusiasm for Andrew Cuomo.


We just thought he might win. And this is how you have to play the game with Andrew Cuomo. So Amazing. Yeah, it's just amazing. I mean, clearly, you know, the, the, the knives are out for, for Zoran and the Wall Street people, the, the finance people, Republicans. Republicans nationally we're, we're about to talk about some Democrats are going to just sort of empty the oppo file and really try to raise awareness on some of his positions, past statements, all the rest. I just think, I think a writing campaign is hard to pull off. I think a writing campaign with Adam still in the race then probably doesn't help.


You Would need to, you need to bribe him drop out. Yeah. Right. Yeah, exactly. Which I guess you could do. Yeah. Yeah. So he needs to bribe him to drop out and then just have the write candidate and Zoan. But like I and Eric Adams like the guy, they haven't taken a poll lately, but you know, as of late March, I think his approval rating was sitting around 20%. Like I just, I I I suppose it could get to be a closer race, but I don't know how you come, you're an incumbent mayor with a 20% approval rating and you're running in a city where democratic registration and where, you know, where like Kamala Harris obviously Trump made up some ground in New York in 2024, but I think Kamala Harris won the city by like what, 30, 40 points.


Yeah. I mean also, let's talk about Eric Adams for a second. He is a incumbent mayor who left the Democratic party was indicted for bribery. And then in the state that, in the city that Kamala Harris won overwhelmingly, he had the charges dropped for him in exchange for adopting some of Trump's deportation policies. Right? Yeah. Yeah. It's not a good profile. Yeah. The ice raids that New Yorkers hate right now Yes. Are sponsored by Eric Adams because Donald Trump owns him. Yes, yes. Doesn't see like anything right itself, yes. Anything like anything's possible in American politics in 2025. But yes, it's not a great starting spot for the Eric Adams for Eric campaign.


I wanna read you some other negative reactions. Tim Amani's win quote, absolute wrong choice for New York. Serious concerns, profoundly alarmed, deeply disturbing pattern of unacceptable anti-Semitic comments. Alas, those are all from Democrats. The, the Axios headline says it all Democratic establishment melts down over mom's win in New York. The concern here allegedly, is that the party's candidate in a 2025 mayoral race could hurt the party's brand nationally in 2026 and 2028. You wrote a message box on this already. Would you like to tee off here?


I'll Let you go first If you would like. No, you're, you're, you wrote the message box. Okay. All right. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just a, I'm just a lazy podcaster. You're, you're running a media empire and you're podcasting every 16 seconds. I think that you can draw a straight line between how members of the ossified sclera democratic establishment have responded to Trump's deportation, raids, the bombing of Iran and Manny's victory, which is they are governed by a culture of fear. They're so afraid of losing that they're never gonna win. It's like we, we are thinking and we are reverse engineering our strategies and ideas, not by what is best, what the best outcome is.


It's how do we minimize the worst outcome? What is, what are Trump and the Republicans going to say about us? So you think about all these Democrats who have refused to endorse mandani, yet maybe they all will. Eventually, governor Hoel did a press conference today, which was, I think just awkward and weird and not great About, said she wasn't ready yet to endorse him. So just, let's just think about that for a second here. You have a candidate who you may not agree with on all of the issues, but he sparked a, like a movement of young people. The vote, a diverse working class coalition of young people, the exact people leaving our party across the board, the people we have to get back.


And you're going to walk away from him for what? So that you can support Eric Adams. He's the Democratic nominee for mayor. Like what, like what is the alternative here? What are you afraid of? Right. It's just they're Afraid of the ads. They're afraid of the Republican ads that like, look, look, The ads are coming either way. The mu you, you elected, you're, you're supporting this. Or like you're standing with this Muslim socialist who is anti-Semitic and a ji all the fucking garbage bullshit that they're saying. I, the, the idea that they're going to be, to use mandani in ads to destroy Democrats around the country is absurd. It doesn't, it isn't borne out by evidence. Right? We, I've looked at this before.


So in 2014, the Republicans put Nancy Pelosi in all of their ads, and they, and they did great in the midterms in 2018. The Republicans put Nancy Pelosi in all of their ads and they got their ads kicked. Nancy Pelosi was in just about the same number of ads. She was actually less popular in 2018 than she was in 2014. And Democrats did great. There was just no connection to that. It's just, it is absurd. Just like there are things you don't have to embrace. His entire gen don't have to embrace everything he said. Of course not. But the fact, but what he accomplished in this race, what he speaks about the future, the hope he's given people, is something that every Democrat should be learning from. It's, it's, I I'm infuriate like I, as you can tell, I am infuriated.


I'm speaking calmly, but I am boiling over with rage on the inside. 'cause it's so, it's so self-defeating and stupid If you wanted to endorse, If you don't want it to, didn't wanna back him in the primary back someone else. Right? I think it's gross about Cuomo in that scenario. Anybody wanna back back Brad Lander or one of the other candidates? Great, go do that. But now he's the nominee. The voters have spoken and they spoke overwhelmingly he didn't win by some, like, you know, where he got like 26% of the vote in a 12 candidate race. He won overwhelmingly support him. He is the nominee. I'm gonna take it from this perspective. Let's say you're a Democrat with good faith concerns about momani. Like, you're just, you're like, it's not about that. I'm scared about the ads.


It's not that I'm just trying to punch left. I'm genuinely concerned about him. And the concerns really fall into the concerns that would make you not support the Democratic nominee for mayor. If someone asks you, again, like most of these, most of these Democrats don't even fucking live in New York, but they're, you know, but you know, I'm sure they'll get asked. Right? And so the, the concerns fall into two buckets. I think One is the, you know, globalize, the Intifada answer and all the charges of antisemitism that come with it, right? So if you're concerned about that, I bet you could call him, I bet you could meet with him. You could talk to him, find out what he really thinks, find out what his beliefs are because he has denounced antisemitism many, many times.


Not just in this campaign, but throughout his career. If there's other things that concern you just, you know, give, give the guy a call. I'm sure he'd, I'm sure he'd be happy to talk to you. And then it's, oh well it's, he's a socialist, right? We're worried about social policies. Steve Ratner tweeted this today and I, and I believe the tweet was to be like, can you believe these are his policies for those not paying a close attention? Here are some of the things Momani believes, free buses, free childcare and pay for childcare workers equal to teachers free city university tuition, minimum wage of $30 per hour by 2030. Rent frees on apartments. End of mayoral control of schools. City owned grocery store program. Raise corporate indi individual taxes for high earners.


I mean, Yeah, like, Like it is very possible to disagree with some of those policies and to even say like, I share the goal of making sure that more New Yorkers can afford to live to afford to buy a house afford rent. I don't know if rent control's gonna work, right. Or may or you know, I think that we need to spend money improving the buses and before we make them free. Like there's, there's a whole bunch of ways you can say, yeah, I might just differ on some of the policy, but like those policies are not some fucking like, take control of the means of production. Shit. Also, whatcha talking the grocery store thing is a pilot program with one grocery store. Five. It's five one grocery Store.


And as he said to, you know, I I I heard about, 'cause I had thought that too him, I'm like, people were like nationalize the grocery stores. And I'm like, what is that? And then I heard him talking to Tim Miller about it and he's like, it's a pilot program. If it works, great. If it doesn't work, we don't do it. And we, that's why we're trying one per borough. Yeah. Because food deserts are a huge problem. So let's try to, let's try to fix it. Maybe it's not the right solution, but it's a so at least he's trying. Here's The thing, I said this before, like, the guy could succeed wildly, he could be fine, he could fail as mayor. But like we let a lot of other democratic politicians run cities, run states go to Congress and sometimes they do well, sometimes they do fucking horrible. And sometimes, and then you vote 'em out of office.


Like, I just don't understand why this has to be the biggest fucking deal ever. You know, you mentioned the idea of punching left, right? This idea that you're gonna show your independence by attacking people to your ideological flank. They, so they, they, the old phrase back in the sixties was hippie punching. Right? And to think that that is a good idea in this environment shows that you fundamentally do not understand politics in the post-Trump era. 'cause we do not exist on a continuum of left and right. It is inside, outside. And which is exactly why Trump can make gains in New York City. And a 33-year-old democratic socialist can, can win the primary against the former governor because both of them are, are, they are change.


They, they represent, we can disagree about Trump and they represent change. They represent a challenge to the establishment. So if you're, If you are a, this is my advice to Democrats out there who are looking to show their independence. 'cause they feel weighed down by our absolutely dismal party brand right now, don't punch left, punch up. What people are mad about is the democratic establishment. If you be, If you feel, If you have a problem with your party, that's who they wanna see. That you are willing to break with your party on that. Not that, not that like just simply attacking people to the left to show you're moderate isn't answering the question that voters are asking. They're asking are you someone who can take on a broken political system? And you do that by showing that you are not going to be obedient to the party bosses.


Donald Trump tried to steal the last election when he failed fomented a violent insurrection against the capitol. Cops were brutally assaulted. They tried to kill members of Congress and his own vice president. He then wins the election, pardons the people who violently assaulted cops. And what we've had, at least at the beginning of the administration is some Democrats being like, I'll work with them, I'll work with them where it makes sense. I'll vote for some of his nominees where they're good now. Now we're like, oh. But if it's the mayor of New York City who wants to give people free buses and rent control and has, has said that he doesn't know if he's going to police the term globalize the infa even though he doesn't use it.


Which is admittedly a dumb answer. But that for that, for him, we're gonna say, absolutely not. This is very concerning. I can't do but for Donald fucking Trump be like, well, I'll work with them where I can. Yeah. If you are more concerned about a democratic socialist in city Hall than a fascist in the White House, you are, you're not living in the right times. Here. People, I just, and and, and there's this, even if we're talking about right now, there's this whole debate where it's like, oh, you know, a Democrat called for, for Trump's impeachment and this and that. And it's like, yeah, I get that impeachment is a road to nowhere. 'cause we don't have the votes. But like of course this man should be impeached. If we, we fucking had the votes, he shouldn't be in office.


Yeah. But like Democrat democrats are like, oh, I don't know. I we can't, no one can even say the word impeachment. It's so scary. We don't wanna look too extreme. But, but you know, when it comes to talking about mom, Donny, they have no problems. No problems whatsoever. It's, and look, it's, it's not, it's been a handful. It's been a handful of people so far, but don't want That to say. I mean, the congressional leadership of the House and the Senate have yet to endorse the democratic nominee for mayor from the state in which the city in which they both live and vote. Here's the other thing, like you're gonna end up endorsing, you know, of course you are. You know where this is going. You're Hakeem Jeffries and Chuck Schumer aren't gonna spend from now until fucking November just dancing around this.


They're not gonna end up in a place where they fucking endorse Eric Adams. And so what do, what do they think? No one pulls a bandaid off more slowly than a member of Democratic leadership. It's like, just, just do it. God. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. No, this, this, this Was cathar. This was cathartic. It was Cathartic. Yeah. I Feel good now. I did. I thought that you would tee off and I would be the, I would try to save, save my anger, but I couldn't do it. All right. When we come back from the break, you'll hear my conversation with California Congressman Robert Garcia. Quick announcement Before that, strict scrutiny dropped two bonus episodes this week, one on the Supreme Court's Planned Parenthood decision, which was fucking awful. And another on the wave of major rulings that followed, they break down what it means, how these decisions could affect people's lives.


So go check out strict scrutiny wherever you get your podcasts, or watch 'em on YouTube when we come back. Robert Garcia,


Positive America is brought to you by policy genius. There are all kinds of milestones that will make you rethink your priorities. I went to a Bar mitzvah over the weekend. Hmm. And it's like, wow, That made you rethink your priorities. Well, Kind of. What were the pre Bar Mitzvah priorities in the post? I gotta learn more Hebrew, John. No, I think that's what it was. I guess it just like, I, I remember when, when that little kid was a baby. Oh, now we're at the age, we're starting to, kids are getting bar mitzvah that I knew as a baby. We're getting old. We're getting old. You gotta be ready for what eventually comes at the end, which is the big cy you know, the long kiss. Adios. The big podcast studio in the sky. Yeah. Yeah. All policy geniuses go to heaven is what I would say. And Policy Genius makes finding and buying life insurance Simple. Ensuring that your loved ones have a financial safety net that they can use to cover debts and routine expenses. You can compare quotes from top insurers and find coverage that fits your needs and your budget. So whether you're looking up or looking down after you're dead know your family's taken care of, you know, whether it's hot or the perfect temperature, whatever that is to you. With policy units, you can find life insurance policies starting at $276 a year for $1 million in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about The future Policy Genius allows you to, to compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free. Their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast so you can get on with your life. They answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. PolicyGenius understands that life insurance isn't a one size fits all solution. They provide clear options for coverage, amounts, prices, and terms eliminating guesswork and ensure clarity. Secure your family's feature with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com/ Crooked to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/ Crooked.


Congressman Garcia, welcome to Pod Save America. Yeah, happy to be here. Thank you. So you're now the top Democrat on the Oversight Committee. Congrats on winning that big election. Thank you. Obviously, just very grateful to the caucus. And look, I think obviously the oversight, as you know, is like the heart of what Congress does, which is transparency, investigations, holding the powerful accountable. Obviously, we're gonna hold Donald Trump accountable in new ways, and I'm looking forward to that. And I think it's good for, it was good for the party and the caucus to expand the tent and bring in some new folks. And I think that's also a good sign for where the party is going. And I, I certainly hope so. What power do you have for people who don't know on that committee as the ranking member, the minority party, obviously Republicans, you know, control Congress and control that committee.


And so what, what powers do you have and and what do you plan to do with them? I mean, a couple things. I think one is look as, as a, as ranking member, and certainly in the minority, we still have investigative powers. So we can still launch investigations, we can still work and try to get legislation done. We can still push back in committees and outside to talk to the American people directly. And I think it's really important that when we have these hearings, that we're bringing the fire, that we're being honest and direct with the American public, that we're pushing back on every lie that is told by the far mago, right? I mean, look, you've got Nancy Mace, Margie Taylor, Greene, Laura, and Bobert, Jim Comer. I mean, this is kind of the worst of the worst of the liars and the extreme right in Congress.


And so we're gonna have to push back and communicate the message a a winning message, a message that's kind of forward looking for, for the country. And then I think also at the same time, I wanna build the best and the brightest, not just on the committee and, and invite new folks to join, but we're gonna build a team of oversight staffers. There's already some incredible team members, but we wanna bring in even more folks that are committed to this work. And there are also gonna look at our committee structure that we can communicate more effectively to the American public. We need to be in every single digital space, communicating in a way that the American public can understand these investigations, that they're relatable to the American public, and that they can see through the lies and deception of James Comer and Donald Trump.


So on that note, you know, as you pointed out, you got some of the biggest clowns in the Republican party on that committee, just attention starved clowns. How do you think about balancing the need to push back, as you say, and, and call out the lies without helping them turn these hearings into the, the a circus, right, which is what they want and, and you know, and also turns off some people who are watching. Yeah, I think there's two, two pieces of it. I mean, look, they, they, they're bringing the clown show. We've got Maxwell Frost and Greg Casar and Jasmine Crockett, summer Lee, and so many others that are going to, I think, deliver and communicate broadly to the American public.


At the same time, I've told them, and I've told the committee team that we are gonna build a forward looking agenda. Not only are we going to focus on investigations, and we're gonna investigate not just Donald Trump, but corporate power that wants to abuse the American public. We're gonna take on some of the big issues that are at the top that are happening right now, whether it's ice or whether it's big corporations trying to rip off middle class families. We're also gonna have a forward looking agenda of government reform. The committee is oversight and government reform, and we don't do enough of that. People want to see the federal government be more efficient, be more effective, ensure that we're providing services quicker and faster to constituents. These are all things that are highly popular across the country.


And so, yes, we need to be the opposition party and have investigations and, and bring that fire, but we are going to lay out a vision for how we actually make government work better for people. I think it's gonna be highly popular, and I'm really excited in putting together that plan. And it sounds like that's something that Democrats could run on in the midterms. A hundred percent. And I think it's also something, I mean, I, I kind of pitched myself to, to the caucus as someone that's done a lot of government reform. I was a big city mayor before I got to Congress just a couple years ago. And we made government faster. We used technology, we brought in innovation. We weren't afraid that of efficiency. Efficiency can't be a word that republicans co-op to mean the destruction of government or doze or eliminating workers efficiency can mean actually making government faster, making employees and and the workforce be more attentive and, and work closer with the public and constituents and using technology to actually make our services work better.


So I think all of that is under our jurisdiction, and I think it's, it's also could be a forward looking agenda that could absolutely help with the midterms. So there's a story today about a Los Angeles family suing the Trump administration because armed federal agents wearing no uniform, arrested their 9-year-old and 6-year-old who has leukemia as they walked out of their asylum hearing with their mother. This is from the story they were crying in fear. One of the agents lifted up his shirt to display the gun he was carrying. And the 6-year-old was so terrified he urinated on himself. No one offered him a change of clothing. They were shipped to Texas and the 6-year-old missed a medical appointment even though his cancer symptoms got worse.


These kids were enrolled in LA public schools. I have run out of ways to express how outraged and disgusted I am by Steven Miller terrorizing communities. And the question I get asked all the time from people is, what more can we be doing about this? It feels like we hear these horrible stories and everyone speaks about them, but what more can we be doing? What do you think First? What I mean what's happening right now is just, it, it it is so inhumane and gross. And as an immigrant myself who came here as a young kid, it just, it's not the America that, so that so many immigrants come to, to actually be a part of, to fight for, to fight for citizenship. That American dream that immigrants are actually drawn to.


It is being ripped away from people and the inhumanity, the essentially dehumanizing immigrants so that they're less than human, is Steven Miller doing what he loves to do, which is be essentially the biggest piece of shit on in this country. Steven Miller should be ashamed for the way he's acting. I can't even believe he's from our state, which actually makes me more, more sick. Me too. And, and I'll and and I'll say that I I'll say that like what's what's happening right now is it's not just that story, which is, is horrific. I mean, it's the, the data of those marines that got essentially beat on a street, it's children that are US citizens being deported as we know, to other countries without consent, due process in our constitution is given to citizens and non-citizens.


It's all persons. And I don't know what part of all persons that Christian Noam, Donald Trump and Stephen Miller don't understand. And so what has to happen now, I think you're seeing some of that. One is we are winning some of these cases in the courts. And I think that's been a really important vehicle for Democrats. We've gotta continue winning in the courts, and that's gonna continue. And the other piece of it, people's reaction, the protesting, the anger, the rising up against these actions also is having an effect. And you're seeing that, I mean, what's happening in la, which was widely as you know, mostly peaceful. And yes, there were some incidents of violence. We denounced those, we get that. But widely peaceful. The protests are energizing the population and the public to stand up against us.


And we are seeing the impact it's having on the Republicans electorally. I mean, Trump's immigration numbers have never been as low as they are right now because they're seeing what he wants to do implemented across the country. And so that's gonna be really important. And then finally, Democrats in Congress and across the country, we gotta fight and we gotta continue to fight really hard. It does feel in these last few weeks, last month or so, that there is a shift happening. I I really do sense that Democrats, we have found, people have found their footing, they're being more aggressive, they're getting out in the street more. And, and so I hope that wave kind of continues and, and hopefully we can get some, can stop the worst of the worst from happening and encourage some actually good legislation moving forward.


Do you plan to conduct investigations from your perch on the oversight committee of ICE and, and DHS and do you think that any of these officials would actually show up at the hearings? One is absolutely, you can take it to the bank. I mean, go going, going after the corruption of what's happening right now in I in ICE and Homeland Security is gonna be a critical piece of our oversight agenda. And even in the minority, we actually have some oversight investigative work coming up here in the next few weeks specific to ice. Right. But certainly that is going to be a big focus of what we do, broadly speaking, of course, when we're able to have subpoena power and actually take over the investigations. One thing I've told people is you can arrest assured that If you are right now causing the level of harm that the Steven Millers of the world are, that these ice agents are, that the corruption that's happening to destroy our institutions, you are going to be held accountable.


We, we are not going to forget the harm that you're causing to people and our government. We are going to use the power of subpoena investigations. We're gonna ensure transparency, and these folks are gonna be held accountable. I know you've been working really hard to get answers from the administration on Andre Romero Hernandez, the Venezuelan asylum seeker who they've disappeared to Sea Cot, and I know you were talking about this with Lovet and Tim Miller at the Pride event a couple weeks ago. Any other updates you've gotten on Andre? You know, no, I I I I'm hopeful that we're, that we'll get an update soon. There is a lot happening right now with the case.


I, we're in very close contact with the lawyers and the family, and I'll tell you that they're some of the most compassionate, smart people are working on this case right now. And, and I remind everyone that Andrea came to our country seeking asylum with an appointment that we gave him. We said, come to this appointment on this day and this time. And then we detain him and then send him to a country he's never been to, to a notorious prison. And as you know, someone that's described as very sweet by, by his family. And so just horrific, the cruelty level we have are of course, in the courts right now on this case.


There is some movement. And I'm really hoping that the proof of life piece, which is so critical, we're hoping to get that some proof of life here soon. And I'm, I'm hoping there'll be some, some positive developments, which, which I'm, I'm, I'm hoping that will be announced soon. That would be wonderful. Republicans in Congress right now are still trying to get the votes for their bill to cut taxes for the rich and healthcare for the rest. Do you think any of your Republican colleagues in the house will actually defy Donald Trump and vote against this bill? And what do Democrats have planned to make noise about this as we get closer to a final vote? Well, I, I mean, first I, I can't believe that they're doing it. This is like literally insane that the, the amount of people that are gonna lose healthcare, I mean, millions, 16 million people could lose healthcare and food assistance.


I mean, it's just, it, it is not, it has nothing to do with anything that Donald Trump or Republicans actually campaigned on. Like what happened to lowering the costs of groceries and the cost of goods. And If you think about our state alone, right, in California, the, the Republican Californians could actually stop this bill. But, but they're just complete cowards and just bend the need of whatever Donald Trump wants. These, you know, supposedly moderate members, which are not moderate, they're extremists are not standing up to Speaker Johnson. And, and, and the president Take David Val. Yeah, David Val has more people on Medicaid. We call it Medi-Cal here in California. More people on Medicaid than any other member of Congress in the state of California.


His, his population of, of constituents depend on Medicare for their healthcare, for their livelihood to live. And yet he's going to vote to cut that care. Young Kim here in southern California likes to talk a good game. She's all in the tank for cutting healthcare from workers and teachers in her district. And so, you know, I'm, we're starting by holding these California Republicans accountable and there are other Republicans across the country who are now very nervous about the progress of this bill in the Senate. I hope that there's some senators that'll do the right thing, but we can stop this if there just had a handful of Republicans who didn't believe in cutting healthcare for our grandparents.


Yeah. I wanna read you some reactions to Zoran Man's winning the Democratic primary for Mayor of New York. Quote, absolute wrong choice for New York. Quote, serious concerns, profoundly alarmed, deeply disturbing pattern of unacceptable anti-Semitic comments. Those are all from Democrats, many of them, your house colleagues. I know you've praised mom's win and said Democrats need to get on board. What would you say in response to your colleagues' concerns? I mean, I, I don't know anyone that has followed this campaign or that has seen the way he's connected with voters and New Yorkers can see that this is someone that we should be taking lessons from.


Let's be first clear, he's the democratic nominee for mayor in New York. And that, so If you are a Democrat and you believe in building our party, he's our nominee. And I expect that we are gonna be on board, not just at the national level, but ac but across the country and certainly in New York. The second thing is, there's a lot of, I think, rhetoric about folks why he won. And people want to attribute foreign policy issues or what's happening in, in the Middle East or other things. Or, or he's a, you know, he's a, he's from the DSA, he is a socialist. I think that is actually not the centerpiece of why he won. He won 'cause he actually had a forward looking agenda. He had an agenda that was positive that people felt.


He's talking about lowering the cost of living buses and transit. That's free rent stabilization for New Yorkers across all the boroughs. These are widely popular issues with people. And the people are saying, yes, we think those should be democratic priorities, so we should be listening to the people on the ground that, that powered this election. And then he took those ideas, a forward-looking agenda and matched it with some of the best political retail skills and communication skills that we've seen in modern campaigning. I mean, his digital program, what he was communicating to online was insane. I mean, I, I, I mean, every time I saw something different and the way he communicated with people, I, I mean, I told folks here in DC I said, are you guys seeing this?


This is, we're going around, you know, spending 10, $20 million to, for spending on consultants to figure out how we reach voters. I'm like, can we just like listen and watch what this guy is doing? Yeah, look, you don't have to agree with all of his positions. And, and many folks are gonna have different p positions than Zarin has, whether it's on, on foreign policy issues, on on economic issues. But he is our nominee. He speaks to New Yorkers. We should get behind him and we should learn from what he's doing in this campaign. So he, last question on this, and then I'll let you go. He, you know, certainly expanded the coalition. He brought in new voters. I think he did better with some working in middle class voters than people expected.


He still, you know, he lost to Cuomo by 20 points among people making under $50,000. He lost black voters by 20 points. And this is obviously not a momani thing. This has been a pattern for Democrats stretching back to the 2024 election and even earlier than that. But my thought is, okay, here's someone who has populist progressive economic policies that were the focus of his campaign. He's a fantastic communicator, he's a really skilled politician. He got to go meet tons and tons of voters. If that can't win over working class voters, like what? Do, what, what, where are your thoughts on what Democrats should do in both, you know, the midterms and beyond to win over some of these working class voters who, you know, either used to vote Democrat or would certainly benefit from democratic policies?


I mean, I have this conversation all the time with my colleagues here in Congress and, and friends. I, I think there's two pieces. I think one is, look, he, he did overperform in some of those margins. I mean, If you look at some of the black and brown voters in New York, he actually look at the Latino vote. He, he, he did better than expected. And I, yeah, for sure. I'm grateful to that. And he made the effort, right, which is, which is really important. The thing about the left, and I think something we've all gotta grapple with is yes, class issues and working class issues are key and central and are so important to be and should be driving policy. But also black and brown voters, especially within the black community that are the bedrock of our party and our voter issues of racial justice, of racial injustice, and of race are central and are important.


And to leave some of that conversation off the table, I think is a huge mistake for progressives and folks on the left. And so I think that we have to have an honest conversation, kind of both sides of the family, about both are important and a lot of the folks that I talk to, Latinos, working class Latinos, they feel the system is broken, but they also want there that the, the, the racial injustice to be recognized as part of that broader conversation. So there, there's a lot of work to do there. We've got some talented people talking about this. I think. I think whether it's Zoran or others across this country, we gotta bring all of this together and, and, and talk about this divide because it is real and it's gonna be a challenge for us moving forward to win elections.


Congressman Garcia, great talking to you. Thanks for, thanks for joining and, and come back again soon. Anytime man. Thanks. That's our show for today. Dan's gonna be back on Sunday with a conversation with epidemiologist Caitlin Lina to talk about RFK Junior and the threat he presents to science and public health. Dan, our, are you Maha curious now? No, I'm not Maha curious. I am quite concerned about what they're doing to our vaccines, but I do wanna, I do want to talk to Caitlyn about, 'cause she has actually met with some of the leaders in the Maha movement about what it is, who brought them in many cases from our side to the MAGA movement and how we get them back. Alright, can't wait to listen to that.


Alright everyone, have a great weekend and we'll talk to you soon. Bye Everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcast, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crook.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, please consider leaving us a review to help boost this episode and everything we do here at Crooked Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo, Emma Ilic Frank and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Austin Fisher is our senior producer, Reed Hurlin is our executive editor. Adrian Hill is our head of news and politics. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Kone Haley Jones, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Carol Aviv, David Tolls, and Ryan Young. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.