
UBC's programs in geographic information systems translate to career growth. GIS jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UMBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu. Now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact


You can stream direct TV satellite free. These Humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, this just in weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news. Back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're at a buffoon Stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish. Visit DirecTV dot com. Internet required top rated news based on 2023 Nielsen ratings.


Welcome, To Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor. Okay, let's get right to it. We just watched the vice presidential debate together here in LA to quote the moderators, Margaret Brennan and Nora O'Donnell. Gentlemen, we have a lot to get through. We're gonna start with the only thing that truly matters. What did the Insta Reaction poll say? Very scientific. Take them as gospel and basically they're all tied. So the tide debate, I'm not gonna go through all the numbers, but that's what they all said. And even the focus groups, the undecided voters, they were mostly tied. There was one undecided voter who I was about to say in this debate. Like the one thing I could say about this debate is that no one made up their mind based on this debate.


Not true. There was an undecided voter in Michigan who said they're voting for, he's voting for Kamala Harris. Now, based on this debate because of JD Vance's answer on January 6th, which we're gonna talk about in a bit. So that One person plucked from 'em all is making us all feel like everything's gonna be okay. Everything's Fine. Right? It looks like You know CBS also did favorability ratings. It looks like both walls and Vance, their favorability improved based on this debate. All of that said, we got our own panel of undecided voters right here. What did you all think? Who wants to start? I think the meta narrative coming outta tonight will be this respectful tone and the fact that it kind of reminded people of normal political discourse.


You saw that in some of the focus groups. They were like, oh, these people seem nice. They were nice to each other. They talked. They didn't were disrespectful. I thought it was interesting that JD Vance went into tonight doing the media head fake, being like, I'm gonna savage him about lying about his military service. Then he did none of that. He was conspicuously nice to Tim Walls. He praised him constantly. He agreed with him. And so You know, it's like hard watching these debates not to let your gut reaction be entirely grading it on style points and walls seemed a little nervous at the top, which is totally understandable. His first debate on a national stage, and the first question was like, would you bomb Iran You know he's a fucking Minnesota governor. That's not his comfort zone, but he smoothed it out as he went.


He sometimes speaks in sentence fragments. He had some answers that were a little hard to follow. There was the China question that we'll talk about. That was probably his worst night answer tonight. There were a few times, I think all of us were yelling at the TV being like, say this, but You know he was, he went a different path. He also had some really, He Had some really strong moments though on healthcare, abortion access, gun violence, and his best moment was the close with that January 6th question that again we'll get into. so I, think JD Vance was like smooth and polished and clearly like the guy who was in debate club. But it's not clear to me that that necessarily plays well with the voters or that he did much for Trump tonight. Because ultimately what people will remember out of this debate will be like one moment, and it'll probably be this January 6th clip that we will talk about later in the show.


The I grew with Tommy. The i I too was moved by the tone of the debate. Dan was crying. I I, I tried to set up a drink with Mitch McConnell afterwards, Right? We're all heading to the red hand after this. It was the, put aside the tone. What was interesting about it really was sort of a pre-Trump debate. It was a debate that it could have been Romney Obama in 2012. It could have been Obama McCain. It just, it was pre-Trump in two ways. One, no one was screaming at the other person or stalking around or doing incredibly weird shit, which Trump happens in Trump debates. But also there no one really tried to have a whole bunch of lines. No one was trying to give each other covid Spitting, We don dunno yet sweating.


Let's, let's switch the test results come back. Yeah. And there were weren't a lot of like lines and zinc or set up for social media. Like there weren't all the debates, even going back to 2012 were sort of like reverse engineered from these moments. You would try to get that could then go viral on whatever the social platform was of that election cycle. And n neither of the candidates really either tried to execute that or did execute it. And so it really was just sort of a two guys talking to each other. I do think that there is this huge gap between how the pundits assessed Vance's performance and how the voters did. And it, I think it speaks to the ways, in the incorrect ways in which pundits judge debates we do, they are I mean media folks are all probably members of the same debate club that j JD Vance was.


They judge it on that on points and style and poise and language precision and voters are just kind of looking at it to get some information, make a big decision. And on that front, I think Wall scored more points than the initial punnet reaction, which suggested that he did. Yeah, the, it's funny that you say it feels like a pre-Trump debate because what I was thinking while watching it is that it actually feels like a post-Trump. I Was just gonna say that Because the, I don't believe there's a post-Trump. Well, no, just like in dark that there was, I think like JD Vance is obviously hyper ambitious. He's doing all of this for his own benefits, completely adapted to Donald Trump. But you kind of saw that play out, I think in an unexpected way, which is that a lot of what this debate felt like to me was JD Vance repairing JD Vance's image.


Right? He didn't want to be the attack version of JD Vance. He articulated more his philosophies. He has thoughts on Finland. Oh, you brought up Finland. I have thoughts about guns, I do about gun safety in, in Finland. I have actually a very co very sophisticated views on family policy. All he Took, he took Wallace's Finland bait, right? But, and then, and we'll get to I think some of the ways that it, I think affects the race, which is how he tried to defend a version of Trump that doesn't exist. But it really was, I think you see what j what JD Vance felt like he was doing up there was, this is how I wish Donald Trump existed. This is the kind of politics I wish I was free to be able to practice without having to defend, defend Donald Trump's words and deeds. And I think that will do a lot to repair JD Vance's image as a weird dipshit.


Yeah. But I don't know that ultimately like, oh, some on style points, JD Vance landed some punches. How does that help Trump? It doesn't matter how people come away seeing these two figures. It was who articulated a better case for Kamala versus Trump. And I think Tim Walls had that as his plan. And JD Vance, I don't think as much did, I was not surprised by JD Vance's performance. Like the guy loves to argue, has no problem lying, clearly has no shame since he's Donald Trump's running mate after calling him America's Hitler. I also think Lovett, you always talk about Trump's intellectual zambonis. Yeah. This is like in the intellectual Zambonis. Trump says something crazy and then some pundit at the National National Review, like Hugh Hewitt usually Hugh Hewitt usually comes in and has, there's like actually a theory and an intellectual case behind that.


And it's all bullshit. That's like the job JD Vance has been running for ever since. He went from being a never Trumper to a Trumper. And I also think that like for most of JD Vance's career, he went from trying to impress the center right center left establishment as a never Trumper, to then arguing with them and fighting with them as a, as a Trumper. And so he knows how to impress the establishment, which is what he tried to do tonight. Like he tried to, he tried to perform a normal version of JD Vance, and I think he was, he was relatively good at that again, because he was able to lie a lot. Yeah. It's sort of why, like, as the debate was wrapping up, I think, I think walls got better as the debate went on.


And his best moment was in the very end of the debate. But I walked away with this feeling like, oh, did I just watch something where I, like, I was like, what is this feeling I'm having and do I trust it? And I, like, we are the kind of people that are like kind of naturally inclined to like watch a debate based on points to like be, to like be impressed by style, to be impressed by clean articulation. I mean, like this has sort of, I think, been a fault of ours when we went back to the 2020 debates and not seeing when like kind of being worried about Joe Biden, but actually Joe Biden appealing to people that are, are, are coming to it in a different way. And I feel like that was my hope coming out of the debate that actually, if you look at like maybe JD Vance is I think a a little bit tighter of a debater, but Walls is more genuine, a little bit more heartfelt, a little bit more real.


Even if he stumbles now and again, he kind of delivers something in a way that's more persuasive. And I, and I think that that ultimately is why it looks like a draw. I also think JD Vance just highlighted that his running mate is deranged and has deteriorated and should never be president. Like, I don't know. I'm sure that's not what he intended, but I think the effect of this debate on some people who watched who may be undecided, and I don't, again, I don't think it probably moved a lot of people, but they're probably like, oh, well Donald Trump wasn't like that. He's got all the positions that Donald Trump has, but he sounds, he, he doesn't sound like a maniac. Yeah. so I don't know if that really helps Donald Trump. And I don't know if Donald Trump, even though he's seemingly happy with the performance, is gonna be really happy with the performance.


I'm like curious about the next four eight hours about like JD Vance taking the spotlight, JD Vance saying that Tulsi and RFK Jr endorsed me vote for me. Like I think there's gonna be a little bit of Donald Trump like not liking this tall grass. You Know. Yeah. Yeah. So we've been talking about the, the big moment in the debate, which came at the end. It was the last exchange of the night. The topic was democracy and Trump's responsibility for January 6th. Let's listen. Hillary Clinton in 2016 said that Donald Trump had the election stolen by Vladimir Putin because the Russians bought like $500,000 worth of Facebook ads. And if we wanna say that we need to respect the results of the election, I'm on board. But if we wanna say, as Tim Waltz is saying, that this is just a problem that Republicans have had.


I don't buy that Governor January 6th was not Facebook ads. This was a threat to our democracy in a way that we had not seen. And it manifested itself because of Donald Trump's inability to say, he is still saying he didn't lose the election. I would just say that, did he lose the 2020 election? Tim, I'm focused on the future. Did Kamala Harris censor Americans from speaking their mind in the wake of the 2020 covid situation? She tried. That is a damn Tried to, that is a damning, non-answer. So America, I think you've got a really clear choice on this election of who's gonna honor that democracy and who's gonna honor Donald Trump. So all the, the dial groups, the Harris campaign, dial groups, other undecided voters all agreed that that was the worst moment for JD Vance.


I think not only because it was an obvious lie, but because he sounded like a fucking politic. I'm focused on the future. There's Not, I don't think there's anything worse. You could have said that. I'm focused on the future. Yeah. Most slippery smarmy ridiculous line. Yeah. It it would've honestly been better if he was like, he did win that election. Yeah, I stand by it. Yeah. He, how much do you guys think that matters Stan in I mean to the extent that anything matters in this debate, I think it matters more than anything else. I mean you have, the big lie is a signifier of extremism for most voters in polling generally six in 10 voters believe Joe Biden legitimately won the election. That number is higher among independents. Right? The exact undecided voters we're talking about, they do not think that the election was stolen.


And they think it's really fucking weird that Donald Trump is still talking about that four years later. And JD Vance being unable to answer the question the most blatant way possible. Just might as well hold up a sign that says I'm a smarmy politician. When you answer the question the way he did is certainly not helpful to the cause. It's Not the size of the lies, it's the motion in the ocean. And I think this will get shared on the aforementioned Facebook, Twitter. I was gonna go to time because I'm like, Tommy's got the face. He's about to say something funny. It's so hot in here. It's like really late a Diversion. No, I do, I it did come at the end, but I was like, you know what, Speaking of It's the second time I've done that in two pods. It was, I'm still not over the pea bootes Thing.


I know, I know. I've heard about that. Tim Miller grades all of our podcast episodes and tells us when we did good. And he really liked that one. Yeah. Just Flagging it. Yeah. So it was at the very end of the debate. It was the last exchange. But it seems like in this media environment, it could be the clip that defines the debate. It could be. I think so. I think so for sure. I mean certainly that's what the Harris Walls campaign's gonna wanna do. But I think that so far in the media coverage we've seen before recording it, it seems like that's gonna be the big moment. Yeah, and I, and I also would say probably like if you, if we're just sort of trying to be straight shooters here, Tim Wa is like, that is JD Vance's worst moment by far. And it was the worst moment of the debate. Tim Wall's worst moment was probably his answer that we'll get to on kind of when he, when he was in China.


And like it was a bad and fuming answer, but it was an answer about him in a kind of strange and sort of personal way. Like that answer goes to the heart of the case against Donald Trump. Well, let's talk about that. Let's play that answer from, from Tim. Well, Governor, just to follow up on that, the question was, can you explain the discrepancy? No, Just all I said on this was is I got there that summer and misspoke on this. so I, I will just, that's what I've said. so I was in Hong Kong and China during the democracy protest went in. And from that I learned a lot of what needed to be in, in governance. Tommy, before we get into like whether that was good or bad or how bad that was or whatever, what, what was that all about?


I couldn't even follow, So I asked Governor Wallace about this when I interviewed him back in February. 'cause I was this read This is your fault. Yeah, this was, well, partially yes. I had read that he had been in China around the Tiananmen Square massacre, which occurred on June 4th. so I basically said like, were you there during the protest in the Tiananmen Square massacre? He said, I was in Hong Kong. I was in Hong Kong when it happened. I was in Hong Kong on June 4th when Tianmen happened, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it turns out that there's some reports from local Nebraska news outlets that say he was in Nebraska on May 16th and he didn't travel to Hong Kong until August of 1989. So a couple months after the protest, he did go from Hong Kong into China. He did teach at a school, he did set up this exchange program after and like try to build ties between us students and Chinese students.


I think what happened is he just kind of misremembered the story over the years, mistold it a few times and it just stuck in his brain. Wrong. Like it, that happens to people all the time. Our memories suck. We get things wrong all the time. And I'm sure it was pretty uncomfortable for him. He didn't seem like totally well prepared. He didn't just like explain it clearly. He kind of do a bunch of bio and it was mostly confusing. I'm guessing most people watching just couldn't really follow what was happening there. I think maybe the, maybe people will care. I seriously doubt it. If the Trump campaign decides to really drive this, I guess they could make it a thing. But like what a waste of time I mean. I read the CNN story about it before the debate and then watched the exchange and I still couldn't follow exactly what happened.


Yeah, it's confusing. But I do, I don't fault him for misremembering. 'cause my memory is shit. And I can't remember things that happened like not all two years ago and the stories and where I was. I I do think that they, he knew this was coming and I would've just been a little clearer on like, you know what I got that messed up wrong. I messed up. And then just, It was 35 years ago. I've been to China. There were democracy program. I messed, but I messed up. But I messed it up. Messed messed up. I messed up. Yeah. As an advice to all politicians, that's always the best answer. Yeah. Just if you made a mistake, just own it and move on and be done with it. And you, you're gonna have to answer it. You can't just like dance around it for a long time and hope the clock runs out. Yeah. I I I also like the opening question ended up being about foreign policy.


He answered that question. Vance says, before I get to your foreign policy question, I'm gonna do my bio. Wa was looking for a place to kind of do his bio. He realized about to talk about being a teacher. So he does his bio so it doesn't totally work. Yeah. So fine. Like it's not the it's not the way to articulate that answer. That first question just really threw him Off. Threw. Yeah. But imagine you're your, this is your biggest moment of your professional life. You're debating, you're the vice presidential nominee in Iran launches 200 ballistic missiles at Israel the day before. Like, and suddenly you haven't prepped for this, you haven't prepared, you haven't thought about what you'd say about this. I'm sure it was like a massive You know Yeah. Wrench in their preparation. But, but the point I wanted make about, it's just like, it's very much now kinda like bubbling on the hyper online, right? That like Tim Waltz is, is a like, doesn't tell the truth.


He's a serial liar. Serial exaggerator because he like, like, 'cause they try to mischaracterize how he responded when he talked about his, his family using fertility treatments and a few, and how they kind of have like exaggerated about how he's described his service and tried to lie and malign him for how he's talked about his service. And I, I do think that like, if that's what they wanna focus on, like trying to paint Tim Walls in this way, like, I just don't think it works. I don't think it's viable. Like he just comes across Kam Harris, an honest and straight for guy and they should be focusing Kamala Harris and they're defending the world's greatest liar. so I just think the whole thing Is ultimately small and stupid. Also, JD Vance's entire life is a lie. There is that he, I never got to the end of that book though, but whatever happened whenever they found him in that manger Positive of America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter friends at that time.


Again, when we must choose who we think is the best candidate for office. But really choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge undertaking. Whether the office is a classroom, a stage, a stadium, the cab of a bulldozer, or even the inside of a toll booth, no matter what kind of office you have one thing's for certain. If you want the fastest way to find quality candidates for it, you need ZipRecruiter. And today you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart technology start showing your job To qualify candidates immediately want faster hiring for your office? Choose ZipRecruiter. See why four out five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.


Go to this exclusive web address to try it for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Now two pigeons. Be moaning, The fact You can stream direct TV satellite free. These humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, it's just in weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're at a buffoon Stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish. Visit DirecTV dot com. Internet required top rated news based on 2023 Nielsen ratings.


Positive America is brought to you by Quince. It's been a busy season of events and travel and your wardrobe is probably taken a beating. Sometimes a total overhaul isn't in the budget, but you can replace some of those worn out pieces with affordable high quality essentials from Quince. Quince is all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters from $50, 100% European linen shirts and versatile activewear. The best part, all quince items are 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes the savings onto us. Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices along with premium fabrics and finishes. I bought 'em actually, I'm wearing Quince socks right now. I bought a four pack. They're great. They're fit, they're comfortable. And they were cheap too. I also bought a bunch of workout gear, some shirts. I think I'm gonna get some shorts too. So there's all kinds of like essentials, t-shirts, higher end things. It's just a great place to go and do some shopping. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go do quince.com/crooked for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/crooked to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/crooked.


My critique of Tim Walls was less about that and more. I just think he had some missed opportunities. Right? And I think that he, he, you could tell when he, I, I hadn't noticed this before, but whether it was anxiety or what, he was nervous, but he like, he jumps to the next thought and there were sentence fragments and he didn't quite complete the thought. Yeah. So sometimes it was hard to follow exactly what he was saying and like even on the January 6th, which was his best answer during that exchange, I was like, why isn't he talking about Donald Trump wanting to pardon the insurrectionist? Yeah, that's the, that's the most unpopular policy that he has and it's about moving forward. You wanna focus on the future. JD Vance, your running mate wants to pardon the people who beat up cops. So Tim Wallace, you take these lessons and when you're debating Marjorie Taylor Greene in four years, and then hopefully you can, you can be a little bit more on, on top of this.


But he was, wa was much better than that on a lot of the other answers. He reproductive rights, he was really strong just like the campaign's been doing in ads. And at the convention he talked about the individual stories of women who've been injured or lost their lives because of their state's abortion bans. Let's listen. If you don't know Amanda or a Hadley, you soon will, their project 2025 is gonna have a registry of pregnancies. It's going to make it more difficult, if not impossible to get contraception and limit access. If not eliminate access to infertility treatments. For so many of you out there listening, me included, infertility treatments are why I have a child. This is basic human right.


We have seen maternal mortality skyrocket in Texas, outpacing many other countries in the world. This is about healthcare. Donald Trump has been very clear that on the abortion policy specifically, that we have a big country and it's diverse. And California has a different viewpoint on this than Georgia. Georgia has a different viewpoint from Arizona. And the proper way to handle this as messy as democracy sometimes is, is to let voters make these decisions. Let the individual states make their abortion policy. How can we as a nation say that your life and your rights as basic as the right to control your own body is determined on geography.


I thought the geography thing was a great response to Vance. 'cause clearly it was. Walls had his prepared first answer there, but then going back and hitting him on geography. 'cause he did California and Georgia was, I thought really strong. What'd you guys think of that? It was incredibly strong answer. It's right. It fits with exactly how all the polling says you should talk about this. All the message testing says the, the ads and the speeches and the messages that ha lead with people's personal stories are by far the most powerful. It gets at freedom. The geo geography line undermines Trump's state's argument, which is really important. And the Harris campaign has been hammering that Trump and Vance on abortion for months now. And it is working. Right? We are seeing in polls increases in the number of voters who think Trump would pass a federal abortion ban, who think he's personally anti-choice, who thinks that abortion rights are actually at stake if he's on the ballot.


And that matters. 'cause in those blue wall states, in the New York Times CI poll that came out over the weekend, abortion is the second issue by far. And and so making, raising the salience of that issue and driving home and pushing on that advantage is incredibly important. So this was, this is also goes to the point that JD Vance scored points in the debate on things that don't matter. And where Walls was at its best was on the exact things that matter to voters like reproductive freedom. Tommy, what did you think of Vance's? He kept bringing up, we have to earn voters trust on this issue. It seemed like he was trying to soften the edges of the typical Trump Republican answer and, and Vance answer on abortion because he has said some really wacky things. Yeah, I mean, I guess it folded into his broader strategy of like, Hey, I'm just a good guy.


I feel your pain. Let's agree to disagree and find common ground. But like I, I don't know, earn your trust on this issue. Like what does that mean to someone who lives in a state where women are dying because they can't get a abortion care? You know. It just, it did not, I don't, I don't think it's gonna work for Them. He also lied about saying he never supported a national abortion ban. JD Vance absolutely supported a national abortion. The CCBs polling on the issues showed that Governor Wallace did way better than JD Vance in terms of voters. The, the response when talking about abortion and healthcare Yeah, The, the, that was also another moment where it was much more about himself. Like he was talking about what he'd said in the past and his own views on abortion. I also do think like it was a, like one of Tim Wallace's best moments in the debate.


But to the point John was making was also a moments say like, You know, earn people's trust. You're for a national abortion ban. You're, you've, you've had this, you you said Donald Trump would veto it. He now say he, he wouldn't back you on that. Like there was, there were places where you could, like I think your Running mate says that women should be punished. Right. Said the women should be punished for abortion. Like the whole point of your your position is that you don't trust women. Yeah. Why should they trust you? So clearly, unsurprisingly, Vance went into the debate wanting to make every single answer about immigration. Here are some of the key exchanges And that's the thing that I think we should be able to find some common ground in. But we can't blame immigrants for the only reason. That's not the case that's happening in many cities. Tim just said something that I agree with. We don't wanna blame immigrants for higher housing prices, but we do wanna blame Kamala Harris for letting in millions of illegal aliens into this country pass the bill, which does drive up cost Tim 25 million illegal aliens competing with Americans for scarce homes is one of the most significant drivers of home prices in the country.


It's why we have massive increases in home prices. Thank you Governor. And just to clarify for our viewers, Springfield, Ohio does have a large number of Haitian migrants who have legal status, temporary protected status. Well, Mar Margaret So much to get to Margaret, I think it's important because We're gonna turn out the economy. Thank you, Margaret. The, the, the rules were that you guys are gonna fact check and since you're fact checking me, I think it's important to say What's actually going on. The rules were no fact checking. No fair. We I'm supposed to be able to lie the whole time. I wouldn't have agreed to this debate if I know there was me fact checking. Does anyone believe that immigration is why housing costs are high?


Is that credible to anybody? No. It's I mean. The, there is a case that in Springfield, because many of the Haitian immigrants were living together are living together in houses like five or six of them in a house who would come here that it was making housing too expensive for like a family of two who lived in Springfield and they were driving houses because they could live in a house. More people could live in one house. Sure. I know this is like a whole long thing. Ones got The legal migrants. Legal Migrants, right? Yes. Yeah. But again, You know and walls and, and and Vance had this exchange too about housing. Like JD, Vance and Donald Trump have no housing plan. They had no plan to reduce the cost of housing.


If all the Haitian migrants that are there legally left Springfield tomorrow, housing prices in Springfield and all across the country would still be way too high. And they have no plan except to buy some federal land and build a house on a, on a park somewhere and Deport people. Right? Yeah. Yeah. How'd you guys think he did on immigration? You think? You think Vance scored some points there? I guess. I mean, I don't know. Like it was obviously it's like a better issue for him. I think Walls I think did a good job when he talked about Donald Trump standing in the way of the bill. Thought that was a good moment for him and he had been heating up by the time we got to that part of the debate. so I think it probably is yet another place where it like kind of battles to a draw.


I don't know that people buy all this anti-immigrant stuff from Vance that, that moment where he said, I'm not blaming migrants for the cost of housing, I'm blaming Kamala Harris. Like, I feel like that has to read people as absurd. Like this housing problem is a very old and long growing problem. It's not something that began under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris is a generational failure. People were coming in under Donald Trump and Barack Obama and George W. Bush. Like I don't, I just, the idea that you're gonna lay this, they even keep referring to it as the Kamala Harris administration. Like just, just, I just don't think people buy it. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. I just, and this is true in all things, but especially immigration, they keep saying Kamala Harris, let them in the country. Let these people bring fentanyl in the country. People don't think the vice president can do that. It's just, it's just simply not. it is, it's absurd.


President You know is the commander in chief makes some laws and then the vice president lets, in Fentanyl has the full authority to just let in drugs at the board. Yeah. I Mean, by the way, actually You know the vice president has one vote in the Senate same as JD Vance, right? Like j where's JD Vance's record? JD Vance had the like audacity up there. Like I think Republicans in the Congress let, let Donald Trump down. You've been in the Congress, right? You haven't passed a bill. You have nothing to your name. Yeah. Yeah. I, I appreciated. Governor Walls is like decency in, in saying you're blaming migrants for everything and that's unfair and it's wrong and it's egregious. I think he maybe spent a little too much time doing that. I wanted him to pivot harder and go on attack. I think the strongest messaging was when he talked about the bipartisan immigration bill that Republicans and Democrats came together to do in Congress and that Donald Trump tanked.


I do think JD whining about the fact checks will be another thing that spins out on social media. It'll be very useful for the Harris campaign in the future because JD famously says he likes to make up stories about immigration to advance his lies in agenda. So yeah, the CBS poll showed, it was basically a draw on immigration, though. They favored Vance by a little bit. Yeah, I was, I and and Walls was trying to get there when he was talking about Springfield. 'cause he was like, what happened to this community and the, and the bomb threats at school and stuff like that. And, and Vance jumped in and be like, oh, you care about the immigrants, you care about the migrants, but not the people in Springfield. And I do think that walls could have been You know there's an opportunity there I think for Harris and Walls to be like, this is like people in Springfield are not better off because JD Vance and Donald Trump have been running around saying that Haitian migrants are eating dogs and cats.


Like they've had bombards like the, the, the people who live in Springfield who lived there for a long time. Like they're not better off because of this. It's bullshit. And like they're just trying to divide people against each other. Like I do think there's an immigration message that you're right Tommy, like talks about what what people are dealing with on both sides of the system. I mean it Could go to all things. Right? It's January 6th and the big lie too. It's that same Donald Trump and JD Vance will say or do anything that will get them powered no matter who it hurts. Exactly. Including the people who support them. Yep. Including their own stories, Especially those people. Anthropics Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first.


Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how cloud can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores


At Ashley. You'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley has pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home.


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. The first person to use the term organized crime. He didn't mean it in the sense of Don Corleone and the Mafia. He meant it in terms of what he saw as this deep, deep symbiotic relationship between the people running the city government and the police department From Wondery and Crooked Media. I'm Kuka and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD follow Empire City. Wherever you get your podcasts, binge all episodes of Empire City early and ad free on Wondery plus One area.


Where Vance didn't have a great answer was on whether we should have more gun safety laws. Let's listen. And I, and I say this not loving the answer because I don't want my kids to go to school in a, in a, in a school that feels unsafe or where there are visible signs of security. But I unfortunately think that we have to increase security in our schools. We have to make the doors lock better. We have to make the doors stronger. We've gotta make the windows stronger. Well, I think all the parents watching tonight, this is this your biggest nightmare. Look, I got a, I got a 17-year-old and, and he witnessed a shooting at a community center playing volleyball. Those things don't leave you the NRAI was the NRA guy for a long time. They used to teach gun safety. I'm of an age where my shotgun was in my car so I could pheasant on after football practice.


That's not where we live today. This idea of stigmatizing mental health, just because you have a mental health issue doesn't mean you're violent. And I think what we end up doing is we start looking for a scapegoat. Sometimes it just is the guns Hearing it again? I think that might have been one of his best answers. Yeah, it, because it also, it was something he came back to. There was a lot of kind of, I don't know, it was a little bit of like kind a kind of gauzy de section of the debate when they were going back and forth on guns because JD Vance is like, oh God, if only there was something someone to stop my policies from causing all of these pro like there was a lot of like, I hate that we have to harden our schools like they're fucking military barracks, but there's just nothing we can do. And like, like I wanted Tim Walls to hit him back.


But then he made that answer I thought was very good. 'cause he finally kind of came back to like, it's not about how Finland has as many guns As, we have whatever the fuck we were talking about. Sometimes it's just about the guns. Well, I mean JD Van's caveated his answer for how to prevent children from getting shot by saying, this answer sucks. We need to lock the doors. No stronger doors, Stronger doors stronger And Stronger windows. Stronger windows like that is Four to five first grade classrooms. That is not a credible or Syrian answer. And I thought walls was emotional. He told the story about his son and then he credentialed himself as a gun owner who like supports the Second amendment. But You know he's not willing to do nothing in the face of children getting shot over and over and over again. I thought it was compelling and real and came from like a sincere place.


And JD Vance just sounded like a smarmy prick. It's Wild that both members of the Democratic ticket are gun owners and the Republican nominee can't buy a gun in some states. That's, That's true. So That is a fair point. All right, so toward the end of the debate, moderators asked about healthcare and Donald Trump's now infamous comment that the Harris Walls campaign turned into an a big ad that they're running all over the country. It was out today. It's about healthcare. It's about Trump saying he has concepts of a plan for what to replace the a CA with after he kills it. Let's listen. I think you can make a really good argument that it salvaged Obamacare, which was doing disastrously until Donald Trump came along.


He ran on, the first thing he was gonna do on day one was to repeal Obamacare on day one. He tried to sign an executive order to repeal the a CA. He signed on to a lawsuit to repeal the a CA, but lost at the Supreme Court and he would have repealed the a CA had it not been for the courage of John McCain to save that bill. Something that these guys do is they make a lot of claims about if Donald Trump's becomes president, all of these terrible consequences are gonna ensue. But in reality, Donald Trump was president, inflation was low, take home pay was higher. And he saved the very program from a Democratic administration that was collapsing and would've collapsed absent his leadership.


I mean One of the most, one of the most galling answers I've ever heard in a debate. Is that true? Really stunning. Did Trump save the aca? A It was Paul Ryan who was trying to appeal it. Ryan Trump saved it from Paul Ryan. Well, the, that whole answer too, like I do think the part where he says like, oh, I do worry about that, that framing, right? Like, oh, they say Trump is so dangerous, but things were actually better then you, like on Obamacare itself, JD Vance says this sort of intellectual nonsense around it. Well actually concepts of plan is actually how you make laws. You have an idea and, and, but, but like you can go look, Guy's been running for president and president for the last nine years. Still has no plan, is just, he's just waiting.


Donald Trump Was so horny for repealing the Obamacare, Obamacare that after the house passed the repeal, he didn't wait for it to pass the Senate to do what looked like a signing ceremony in the Rose Garden. He took a picture with all the Republican House members behind to celebrate. I forgot about that. Repealing Obamacare. They did not have a plan to replace it to cut. The reason John McCain did a thumbs down on repealing Obamacare was not because he was in favor of Obamacare is because there was no plan to replace it. That was the reason You say Donald Trump's president, all these bad things are gonna happen. He was president and people didn't, 20 million people didn't lose their healthcare because John McCain stopped him. Yeah. Because They didn't do the bad things. Yeah. And by the way, like, because De because Democrats and everyone else in the whole country hated it and it was the least popular Donald Trump had ever been in his whole presidency.


And he tried and tried, he tried it and he failed because he's bad at governing. It's, he Doesn't need that power. I think that answer was an example as to why JD Vance is a good debater and a shitty politician. Yeah. Because it, like you see the intellectual exercise in his head. Like, I'm not actually just gonna say it didn't give repeated. I'm gonna say he saved it. 'cause I'm gonna take this arcane outta Context statistic. Well, Trump Says that, and he knows he has to mirror Trump's line him on this. And it's obviously not believable. And I agree with Lovett that the argument that Democrats say these bad things are gonna happen when Trump is already president is one of their better. Even if it's a very fallacious argument on a lot of issues. Like when we call him a dictator and he like, well, he was president for four years.


Democracy didn't end all of that. But the one issue where it is the worst argument is this one. Yeah. Because he tried in every way possible to repeal the a CA in the most visible way possible throughout the, in its entire presidency. And by the way, succeeded in in getting rid of a really important part of healthcare, which is reproductive healthcare for millions upon millions of women. Also, You know they can go interview a bunch of Republicans in Congress and they can all say, look, if Donald Trump points again, we don't have the appetite to go through a CA repeal again, blah, blah, blah. Even if they don't do that, even if they don't have the votes for to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which of course we know they're gonna try to do, but even if they don't, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris passed in the Inflation Reduction Act subsidies for the a CA, that mean that millions of people are around this country are paying lower premiums than they were before because of those subsidies.


They are going to expire at the end of 2025. And Donald Trump and Republicans have already said they do not wanna extend them. And so even if nothing happens, three and a half million people will lose their health insurance. Just if, if Donald Trump doesn't do anything, just if he wins and, and You know. So like the idea that, oh, Donald Trump's gonna, nothing's gonna happen. Like no, everyone's gonna, people are gonna pay more for healthcare if Donald Trump wins. Guaranteed. Anyway, I think I I do think that's one that the Harris campaign, I I thought that was gonna be the moment that they were gonna push tomorrow were it not for the, the January 6th answer that came afterwards. But I, I You know they've been doing the concepts of a plan ad today. I kind of think that health, there'll be a healthcare push in the next week or there should be others. I hope So. There should Be You know.


All right. Final thoughts on this debate. What do the campaigns do with this debate? Anything the, the Harris campaign talks about January 6th moment, the Vance campaign. I don't know what the Vance campaign Yeah. The Vance campaign. I I feel like Yeah, I think it's, I think it's pushing out that that democracy clip, I, I do think that that it's worth going through. Like the, the, there was a few times where the debate where, where JD Vance basically kind of invents a version of Donald Trump. That doesn't, doesn't exist. It's obviously not as important as the comment on democracy we're all talking about. But it's, there was this moment where Vance basically says, oh, Trump peacefully transferred power. And all Donald Trump has ever said is he wanted the rules to be enforced fa fairly. And it reminded me of like the biggest creeps on the fucking internet during Gamergate, like attacking, attacking women online and being like, this is about ethics and video game journalism.


Like being like, oh yeah, that's what it was. It was about, it was about the fair administration of, of the electorals. And there was that moment, there was a moment on, on healthcare where I do think you can go and just take Donald Trump's absolute worst comments and take JD Vance's lies about them and put them side by side. And I think it'd be pretty powerful. Yeah. Do you think, we think we get another debate. Donald Trump came out tonight and said, I do not, again, no more debates. Even Though I don't know why you guys think that there might be another debate. I mean, I think if I Don't, I don't think Trump wants to do it really, or else you'd do it. His staff obviously doesn't wanna do it 'cause he was so terrible the last time. Yeah, Well the Harris campaign wants it. They they're desperate for it. The media's desperate for it. Everyone wants to do it. Except for the Trump side. I mean we saw CNN Kaitlyn Collins just hammering Donald Trump Jr. Over Yes.


Donald Trump Jr. Was such a fucking whiny little baby that he said that even Fox couldn't fairly moderate the debate 'cause they would try to appease the left. He's like, As, as they always are, You know Fox Weakling, The, I do like the, like JD Vance basically kind of inventing a nicer version of Trump. Donald Trump pulling down the 60 Minutes interview. Like I think all of that is the same reason they won't wanna put him in front of another debate, which is the Donald Trump that doesn't exist and isn't real is like the best version that they can have out there. But I do wonder if like 48 hours of coverage of how great JD Vance did and how, and how JD Vance outshine Trump and how he didn't really defend Trump. And it was really more about Vance. Like I got, I I'm curious how that, how that, how that affects the narcissist.


Yeah. It's always hard to get inside Donald Trump's lizard brain. And like he, I was thinking that You know, maybe he's like, I don't want JD Vance to have the last word here. We'll see. But it's also, they don't have that much time and it's clear that the Trump campaign thinks they are sitting on a lead. That they are, that they're doing well, they're doing well in the polls that jd like I think they're buying their, their spin on this, which is why they probably don't want to do another debate. I think that's probably right. Now whether they're right or not, who knows, but like, I think that's probably what they think. One thing I do hope that comes out of this debate is according to the CNN Snap poll, Tim Wallace's favorability went from plus 14 before the debate to plus 37 after the debate. I think that speaks well to his character, his presentation, the tone of the debate, the fact that he deli talked about things that people cared about in a way that connected that Most voters don't know what Tiananmen Square is.


That Most voters don't give a shit what happened in 1989. And so I think it just speaks to the fact that he's an asset and we should get him out there and he should be doing a lot more interviews and be on the trail and doing things. I understand that they were probably getting through debate prep 'cause that was far more important and it also prepares you for future interviews. But now I'd love to see just Harris and Wal hit the Gas, be You know, be a little less risk averse, do some more stuff and just You know. Well, we had Harris and the Aldens all the Smoke podcasts, which is a Great interview. Awesome. One of, for the best interviews I've ever seen. Yes. All the spoke podcasts that folks don't know is two former NBA players. Usually they focus on basketball, but it was like an amazing interview feeling. But They were, they were members feeling, they were members of the we believe Warriors team from 2006, I think.


And she was, she was funny. She was thoughtful. She was like very comfortable. It was, it was just a fantastic interview. I agree. And especially if there's not gonna be another debate, which I, I don't think there will be, they're gonna need to find ways to break through and not break through like all the coverage because not everyone watches everything at the same time anymore. But like, just, just taking more, just having more opportunities to get out there. Especially on stuff like all the Smoke Pod where they're not those, the people who watch that show or listen to that show are probably not consuming a ton of political news. It's a sports show. Get in front of those people who are not gonna hear about you in other places. Tim Wallace was on the We Rate Dogs YouTube channel the other day. That's great. I noticed that. Which is that It sounds ridiculous, but it's actually quite smart.


We Think get Host that their debate Like Little boops. Okay, couple quick things before we go.


Voter registration deadlines are next week in South Carolina, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, and more so make sure that you're registered, your family and friends are registered. Vote Save America dot com slash vote. And for everyone who's willing to do more, we have a critical volunteer ask. If you're in states like Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina, and Arizona, we need you to sign up to be a poll watcher. Republicans are ramping up attacks on election security in states like Georgia. Trump backed officials want to hand count all ballots despite warnings. It breaks state law. So you can sign up with Vote Save America now@fairfight.com slash L fgv. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com and this ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


Also, we're gonna be on tour this Sunday, October 6th, our last show of the year in our biggest venue. Yet the Met Philadelphia Simone Sanders sound like Trump. I just read what they write for me. We'll be joined by Simone Sanders Townsend is gonna be our guest host. And then we have Senator Bob Casey is gonna be our guest who's in a tight race there. Get your tickets now at cricket.com/events. And for a limited time, we're giving 15% off all non VIP tickets with Code Pod Save 15.


That's our show for tonight, Dan. And I'll be back on your feet on Friday morning with a new show featuring Crookeds own Rising star. Stacey s Got me right at the end there. Bye everyone. Bye. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or rans you want in on this conversation.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Grote is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital Team. Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv and David Toles.


At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley has pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home,


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet, the shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast, free to upgrade your selling today.