
Pad of America is brought to you by Via. Love it. You tried some via. Great. I had the gummies. Mm. And they work. I like them. I've had the ones with THC, I've had the ones with just the C, BD. Very relaxing. Ooh, Very relaxing. I think that, like I've used to have more THC and CB, D especially during that pandemic, remember that? Oof. And which is still ongoing. And, but now I, we're Almost at the next one. Yeah. They just blend into each other. But now, like, just to have just a little bit of either C, B, D or THC once the like, just to kind of like at a, just to like take, take the edge off or focus. It's just great. I highly recommend It. If you haven't tried them yet, you're seriously missing out. Whether you need to unwind, refocus, or boost your mood via is here to enhance your every day and night. Trusted by over half a million happy customers Via is changing the game in natural wellness. Blending powerful, high quality hemp derived ingredients to deliver real, effective, driven benefits. Whether you're looking to sleep better, have better libido, improved focus, recover, or simply relax. I was trying to get my libido down. Via has a tailored solution just for you with products ranging from zero to high cannabinoid levels via lets you fully customize your experience to fit your needs. Whether you're looking to support your daily wellness routine, enhance focus and clarity, or unwind with deep relaxation. I'm pretty kind of annoyed with Elon Musk As you covered from their award-winning effect. Forward gummies and premium indoor grown THCA flour and calming drops. Every via product is thoughtfully crafted made with organic lab tested hemp source from trusted independent American owned farms. And the best part via legally ships across the USA discrete direct to your door, no medical card required and backed by a worry free guarantee. Not sure where to start. Take vias product finder quiz to get personalized recommendations tailored to your needs. It can take you less than 60 seconds to complete. If you're 21 plus, check out via hemp.com and use the code crooked to receive 15% off free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. And if you're new to via, get a free gift of your choice after you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. That's VIIA HEM p.com code crooked. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with Via.


Bombas makes the most comfortable socks, underwear and t-shirts Warning Bombas are so absurdly comfortable. You may throw out all your other clothes. Sorry. Do we legally have to say that? No. This is just how I talk and I really love my Bombas. They Do feel that good and they do good too. One item purchased equals one item donated. To Feel good and do good, go to bombas.com/s XM podcast and use Code S XM podcast for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/s XM podcast. And use code s XM podcast to check out.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Tommy Vitor. I don't have to tell you guys, this things feel pretty bleak out there for Democrats right now. Republicans control the White House, the congress, the courts, the right wing media feels more influential than ever. And I think it can be easy to lose hope and worry that we might not ever be back in power. But I want you to imagine for a second that you're a member of the Labor Party, the British equivalent of the Democratic Party in 1997. You would've been out of power for 18 years, enduring election after election of devastating defeats and Margaret Thatcher. And you know, this historic period of Tory rule. And so that's why that experience is why I wanted to talk with today's guest.


Alistair Campbell. He was one of Tony Blair's most trusted advisors during his time as Prime Minister should think of Alistair as the British David Axle. But most importantly for this conversation, Alistair was with Blair in the years before the Labor Party finally won back power. And he was one of the key architects of Labor's rebranding and media strategy that ultimately led them to a landslide victory. Alistair is considered a master of driving a media narrative and was sometimes even referred to as the king of Spin, although I don't think he liked that. We'll talk about how Alistair and Tony Blair helped pull the UK out of the iron grip of Thatcherism and what lessons, strategies, and tactics Democrats can steal from that experience to win back power.


Here we also cover what Alistair makes of Donald Trump generally, and also what he makes of Trump. Just upending 75 years of US foreign policy by turning away from our traditional allies in Europe and aligning with Russia. And finally, we talk about what we can learn from right-wing populist parties all over Europe about the MAGA movement and how to defeat them. And if you want to hear more from Alistair, you should check out his excellent podcast. The Rest Is Politics. He and former Torry party MP Rory Stewart cover what's happening in the uk. They also cover US politics, global events, all around the world. It is a weekly listen for me, as is Crooked Media Zone Pod Save the uk, which covers British politics more from the left like we do on Pod Save America here.


And it is also just consistently hilarious and worth your time. So with that set up, here's my conversation with Alistair Campbell. Alistair Campbell, welcome to Pod Save America. Absolute pleasure to be here, Tommy. So, Alistair, the Labor Party over in the UK was on its ass for 18 years, 1979 until 1997, including the majority of that under Margaret Thatcher, who's, you know, this towering figure in, in British and global history. Frankly, in 1994, you leave a job in journalism to help Tony Blair and the Labor Party write the ship and finally win back power. From reading your diaries and listening to your excellent podcast, I get the sense there were times when you and Tony Blair felt like the Labor Party was as hopeless and divided as a lot of Democrats feel.


Now, how did you guys approach this monumental task of rebranding the party and, and preparing to get to an election where you could finally win back power? I mean, I think the ship was already being righted. So the Labor Party, as you say, had power for a long time. Mrs. Thatcher wins in 19 79, 19 83, catastrophic defeat. 1987, she wins again quite big. But I'd say that Neil Kinnick, who was Tony's predecessor, but one, and John Smith, who was Tony's direct predecessor whose death led to Tony taking the leadership. They were definitely starting the process, but the fact that it, you're talking about two leaders over successive elections underlines that the Labor Party was, was very difficult to change.


And that led us into this theme of modernization. And once we'd sort of settled on that as the key core theme, everything kind of flowed out from it. And it was also fundamental in signaling to the public that, you know, this guy Tony Blair's a bit different. And I, And so I think we are getting an important point, which was that this wasn't just, you know, cosmetic changes. You were signaling to voters that the, the Labor Party was now different. In fact, you started calling it new labor. One of the things I I really like about your podcast is you guys talk a lot about the importance of a political party, not just having a day-to-day message, but a 30,000 foot narrative and a story that ties it all together. And as simplistic as it might sound to you, and to me, if you ask people what Donald Trump wants to do as president, they'll say, make America great again.


And that is a framework for everything he does. Whereas I, I feel like democrats often feel like they have a laundry list of, you know, policy ideas, but it doesn't feel like a coherent story. How did you think about developing and staying true to that 30,000 foot narrative? So in opposition, our ob what we were trying to achieve, our objective was easy. We're trying to win and we're trying to win big so that we can get stuff done. The strategy came together pretty quickly around this theme of modernization. And I always say that a good strategy, you should be able to sum up in a word, a phrase, a sentence, a paragraph, a page, a speech in a book.


Now that's top, that's a very top down approach. Okay. And you can argue that in the modern age, maybe there are different ways of doing it, but I would argue that Trump in a way, does do that. His, his strategy right now is, I would argue, is, is disruption or it's domination or it's megalomania, I don't know, I dunno quite how you'd phrase it, but he knows in his head kind of what he's doing and why, how everything that you talked about joining the dots and things, painting a picture. I always used to have this, this view in this kind of image in my head. So we are starting, you know, you and I obsess about politics all the time and have done for a long time, right?


But I think one of something that we both know is that most people don't. Okay. Right. And that was also that, that, that was also, I think, a genius that both Tony Blair and, and Bill Clinton shared. They know that most people don't follow this stuff very closely. What I always used to have in my head was what we called a big picture. And every time you were doing or saying something, you had the capacity to land a tiny, tiny, tiny dot on that picture. And if you didn't land a dot that signed up with the next, the last dot and the next dot, and you were painting a picture on your terms, then in politics, what happens is that your opponents political or media, they come and wipe out your dots the whole time.


So our framing was, if it didn't say modernization, don't say it. If it didn't speak to the theme of modernization, just go away and stop bothering us with these stupid ideas that are about taking us back, not, not forward. And the thing about new labor, new labor just sort of happened in a funny sort of way because we, we were doing this conference, and you know what it's like when you're sitting around trying to think of a, you've done all the hard stuff of speech writing and policy and all that, you know, but then Tuesday before the conference starts, some, the, the set designer comes in and says, you know, what's the backdrop gonna say? We had a meeting was, I'll never forget it was me. Tony was there, I was there, Peter Mandel was there, Philip Gould, who's our polls and strategist was there, and two or three other people were sitting around.


The favorite was a new approach for labor and then a subline and a new approach for Britain or something like that. And I thought, one, it's too long. Two, it's a bit winky wanky doesn't say anything. So I'm, I'll never forget it. I I I just said New la I wrote on my pad, new Labor, new Britain. And I circled it and I passed it to Philip. And he just, he just went, tick, tick. And, and, and that was it. But even Peter Mandelson, who was now our ambassador in Washington, no doubt, absolutely loving it. He's, he, he was, he was right on the outer side of the outer edge of modernization. He was like, uber new labor.


But I remember even Peter saying, I think this might be a bit bold for this time. You know, shouldn't we just wait? But one, one of the great things about Tony was that if you persuaded him of the, the, the intellectual reality of a proposition, he'd go with it. And that is what we were saying. We were basically saying to the public, new labor means we're gonna change the Labor Party as we change the labor party. You the public need to get in light, understand that with the same vigor, energy and drive and direction, we're gonna change the country. And that's why new labor, new Britain became the strategy and it be, and it, it remained the strategy through throughout the entire time we were in government.


Po Save of America is brought to you by Zocdoc. Have you ever woken up with a funky symptom, like a swollen ay, eye, funky looking rash? Hmm. It's two funky, tight pain in your neck, or a persistent cold that won't go away. I mean, now that I think about it, maybe Yeah. And immediately Googled it or search TikTok to see what's wrong. Don't do that. I did not do that. Don't do that. 'cause it turns out you'll be diagnosed with a DHD Again. We've all gone down that rabbit hole. But it's time to get the help and care you really need with Zocdoc. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in network doctors and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about booking in-network appointments with more than 100,000 doctors across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, primary care, to urgent care and more. You can filter for doctors who take your insurance are located nearby or a good fit for any medical need you may have and are highly rated by verified patients. Once you find the right doctor, you can see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time slot that works for you and click to instantly book a visit. Appointments made through Zocdoc also happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. Stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to Zocdoc dot com slash cricket defined and instantly book a top rated Zocdoc today. That's Z-O-C-D-O c.com/crooked Zocdoc dot com slash crooked.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's great smoky mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it's creating fog and that makes the smokies smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com, Tennessee. Sounds perfect. You talked about this question of is something too bold? I mean, when you guys won in 1997, it came after this long period of conservative rule that we talked about that included major economic challenges.


Some intra Tory party scandals, I assume some exhaustion with the incumbent. And, and please tell me if I have this story wrong, but the before the election there, there was a politician named Roy Jenkins who said, Tony Blair took such care not to make any mistakes, that he resembled a man carrying a priceless m vase across a highly polished floor. And I love that metaphor 'cause it gets at the balancing act you have to make in politics between appealing to voters with big, bold ideas and not making a mistake. And a version of that debate is playing out in the Democratic party right now. James Carville said Democrats should take a strategic pause, let Trump self emulate. Many others, myself included, thinks that we Democrats need to much more aggressively present an alternative.


I know Democrats are far from holding a Ming vase right now. We're holding a, a, you know, a plate of shit. But how do you think about the balance between a Starbucks, between big old, yes, full of it, but you know, that balance between big bold ideas versus kind of running against your opponent or not screwing up. How did you think about that? Well, I, I mean, I love James Carville and I, I yield to nobody in my admiration of him and and respect for him, but I think I'm more with you on this one. But we had this debate in the UK before the election because people, basically, people said labor under Ki Stama was pursuing a mvar strategy. Get the barnacles off the boat, don't upset people with 20 points ahead in the polls. Let's just go nice and easy, nice and easy, nice and easy.


And then you look at the results where on a third of the vote, they get a massive majority. And you think, okay, well the, you know, that strategy worked. I could argue that maybe some of the difficulties they've had in government have been because of the, the caution and the strategy has then bred a caution in, in, in governing as well. But I think the, the Democrat position is, look, I, I do agree that I think Trump's gonna self emulate, but I wouldn't bank on it because the guy get, the guy's got away with everything he's ever done, you know, up to and including being a criminal. So I wouldn't, and, and, and whenever I hear people saying, just let the other guy screw up, that's not a strategy.


The strategy's got to be help them screw up and as they screw up, make sure that the public has switched onto an alternative that's sitting there right in front of your eyes. And of course, the, the, if you think about the, the kind of damage that Trump is doing already to the Democrats, which he did in the election and is, and is continuing to do, I mean, it's made that speech the other night it was in Congress, which just amazing the extent to which you just get Biden, Biden, Biden, Biden, Biden keeps going. And of course, I don't, I I don't buy this idea that it just goes down well with his base. I think, I think there's a broader resonance to be attacking because people seem to like the way he attacks. And I think the Democrats have gotta learn from that.


But I think the other thing I'd say is that people always think they've got lots of time in politics. I mean labor at the moment in the uk you know, the Kirstan is doing pretty well on the international front, but on the domestic stuff, you know, we've got a lot of big problems, a lot of decisions that have been made that they're really quite unpopular. And I bump into some of the labor people and I say, listen, you guys, you've gotta do this, gotta do that and what have you. And they say, oh, you know, stop moaning on, you know, we've got a lot of time. I say, you haven't got time, you've got two years max, and then you are into the next thing. And, and you know, where I think your, your system doesn't lend itself to, what I think the Democrats need to do right now is that, you know, the old cliche about when there's a, a crisis in the world, America doesn't know who to phone in Europe right now, it feels to me like there's a crisis in the Democrat Party in the United States, and nobody in Europe knows who to phone in the Democrat party.


We don't even know who to follow. We don't know who to be interested in. Yeah. You know, and we don't, we, we can't see a process. So, you know, I I look at the stuff, and you sent me some really interesting polling that I read this morning about the, the reaction to Trump's speech and, and the Democrat's reaction to it. And there's a part of me that, because I look at Trump and think the guy's a liar. He is a criminal. He doesn't care about anything but himself. He hates Canada. How could anybody hate Canada? He hates Europe. He's just sort of, you know, he's surrounded by these terrible people like Vance and, and Musk and he and so forth. But, but you know what I what even I felt watching the speech, I sort of had this sense that I understand why the Democrats are really, really pissed off and really, really angry.


But when I looked to them sort of holding up their stickers and the guy with the ponytail shouting him down and all that stuff, I just thought, I'm not sure this is helping. You know, what, what, what the, to me what the posture should be is Jesus, how the hell did we let this happen? How did, how have we enabled this guy to win? Again, we can't just keep saying he's a terrible human being. He's this, he's that, he's that. We've gotta look at ourselves and what our relationship with America and the American people is. And so then I look at what was fascinating in the polling was the, the, the attacks on Trump that seemed to be landing with people were the ones that Bernie Sanders is making about the billionaire class against, against working people.


And actually, his, his attacks seemed to be the ones that were, it was quite a sizable sample I saw, it seemed to be the ones that were, that were breaking through. And the other stuff that, you know, you and I as political nerds and geeks again, would probably think are incredibly important. Like, you know, the undermining of institutions, democratic abuse and all that stuff. He was like, oh, well, okay. You know, who cares? Let's just get the economy going. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, I I you made so many good points there. I think I, I love this idea of don't wait for your opponent to make a mistake, help them make a mistake, and then pour gas on the flames once it happens. I think that's very important. I totally agree with you that there is no singular leader, the Democratic party.


There probably won't be until someone emerges in a Democratic primary, you know, which would be after the midterms, which is far too late For waiting for that. But what about, what about the process of a, of analyzing defeat? Does that happen? Is there a postmortem? Mm, I think there are, there's not a singular postmortem, there's not like a DNC run postmortem that I know of. I mean the new DNC chair as I think going around the country, talking to people, thinking about what happened. We on this show are having a series of conversations about what happened. I mean, frankly, this is one of them. And thinking about ways to kind of rise from the ashes. But to your point about, you know, the kind of images at the state of the Union, it was lots of different groups of Democrats with different forms of protests.


And I know something you were famous for in, in government was message discipline, enforcing message discipline, trying not to let you know other members of the Labor party undercut what Tony was doing. Do, do you think that, that, that idea is, is quaint in an era of, you know, everyone can make a public statement from their phone in the bathroom whenever they want? I don't honestly think that the principles have changed. I think the, I think the, I think the, the atmosphere and the environment has changed. But I'll give you, actually, I was, yesterday I was with a, a guy you prob you may know, called Matthew Barson used to be the, in the ambassador, the US ambassador under Obama in London. And we were just having a chat with Yeah, I know Matthew very well.


Good friend. Yeah, He's a great guy. And, and, and he and I were chatting about this, that, and the other, and he's over here at the moment. And, and he, he was saying to me, he, he like, you know, you gotta get, you gotta help 'em get a grip of all these kind of junior ministers they've got. I said, what do you mean? He said, well, what happens every day is that you have a, a junior minister or somebody who's not top level cabinet who is pushed out onto the airwaves because every morning, the BBC, sky News, you know, all these different radio and television stations, they expect to have a minister to go out and talk about the, the stuff of the day. And it says, you hear these guys, and one, they sound like frightened rabbits. Two, they literally sort of just read talking points.


They don't kind of basically speak like human beings, a lot of them. And he said, and so I was, I was, yes, I was about message discipline and I still do believe in message, message discipline, but that's not the same thing as say the same thing all the time. It's half the same conversation. Right. And this again goes, I'm sorry, you know, people should recognize that Trump for all his evil velocity is, is just brilliant at having conversations with people. He, he, he converses when he's talking, I mean, to stand up for a hundred minutes in front of a group of people, you know this as well as I do, who there's very, there's nothing much that politicians hate more than listening to other politicians make speeches, which they think they could do better, Right?


But basically when trump's, when Trump's speaking, there's, there's something awful about it, but there's something mesmerizing about it because he's, he's kind of communicating in a different way. So what, what the conversation I was having with Matthew was basically about trying to inspire and motivate and educate younger politicians and people saying government over here around Europe, not to assume that message discipline means be boring. Not to assume that being mess message discipline means you literally read a line to take off a page, you absorb the line to take, you have to prod it, analyze it, you know, expose its weaknesses and strengths and, and then take it into the conversation with the public.


And I just think, so I I still think message discipline's important, and I'll give you, I dunno, if you follow our, our, the, the superior version of football, I know you have that silly NFL thing, right? That you call football. Yes, yes. But right, but real football, there's a guy called Arsen Venga, who's a very famous manager. He's French, but he was the manager of Arsenal for, for years and years and years. One of our biggest teams, and I interviewed him a while back for a, I wrote a book called Winners and trying to learn the lessons of politics, business, and sport, and Whether you could, and it was some great, you know, i I I miss some great American people, Billy Bean and Floyd Mayweather in the same book about politics.


Try and beat that. Oh wow. So anyway, the, so Agh said this thing about, he said, we've gone from, and I think this is so important for politicians to understand what this means. We've gone from a vertical world to a horizontal world in the vertical world, leaders could sit at the top of an organization, say like Churchill, during the war, and they could make decisions and the decisions could they go down through the, the system or in that case, through the entire population in a horizontal system, right? The leader tries to sit at the top, but is surrounded by noise created by others 24 hours a day. And he says he, the thing that really has always stuck with me, he said that the pressure to be tactical is thereby increased and the response should actually be to be more strategic.


And the thing I keep saying to politicians, and and Trump again is, is a good example, is I know it's easier if you trump and now he's president, you've got the pulpit. Okay? But if you are, I, I say this to campaigners and to politicians, if you've got a really good message, if you've really got something interesting to say, you'll get it out there. You won't get it out there as easily as you used to. Because, you know, used to be, when I was first in working with Tony when I was a journalist, if you've got the same story in the UK on three national paper front pages, you could say you're gonna dominate the agenda for a day. What I think you have to accept now is nothing necessarily adopts dominates the agenda.


And it doesn't matter because what matters is that where you are landing those dots on the big picture, you are landing them completely on your terms. And what I felt, I mean, I had, you know, really enjoyed seeing you at Chicago at the, at the DNC. And I think I got a little bit carried away in the Kool-Aid of the whole thing. When I thought about it on the way home, I thought, yeah, you know what, it wasn't just that the messages weren't really messages directed at the people who might be thinking of not voting Democrat. It was also that there was actually a bit of dissonance in a lot of the messaging. There wasn't, it wasn't clear whether this was going to be a cost of living election, a a community cohesion election, a woke, you know, I mean, hate the whole debate about woke.


But you, you know what I mean when I say that? Or Whether you No, no, you're, you're actually anti, anti woke. You think we need to, I I remember hearing you say this, you felt like you need to focus more on social justice issues in, in response to some of this bullshit coming out of, you know, Trump and et cetera. I, I, I, I, I actually think it would give, and this is kind of I guess where people like a OC are, I think that in, in seeding the ground on this whole woke debate, we've sort of, we've, we've, we've conceded to a really bad idea that does really bad things. I, so, so I actually, I actually argue that fighting for what woke actually means IE being alert to injustice and wanting to do something about it.


It, they, the right, the writer brilliant at this. They, they will take something that they, they worry might be a weakness or an advantage to the other side. And they, they, they poison and contaminate it and, and, and they do it with the help of a kind of, you know, right wing e media ecosystem that then makes the left lose confidence. And I think on stuff like, you know, like right now, and let tell you, this could be completely wrong 'cause you're in America and I'm not, if I was on a board like a big conglomerate board, and I know they worry about who and what the government does and what you, I'd come out and say, this is now the time to absolutely double down on DEI because I think it's the right thing to do.


As, even as I say that, I can see why people going politics might think, yeah, well look at the polls. The polls are driven, the polls are driven by the, by the nature and the terms of a debate control the nature and the terms of the debate. Yeah, I think that's really well said. Now let me just, you know, critics listening to this would say, you know, the biggest mistakes Tony Blair made, the biggest mistakes that Democratic Party made was getting away from our roots as a pro-union, pro worker party, and instead embracing globalization free trade. They'll, they'll, you know, sort of sum it up as neoliberalism generally, and they believe that's what led us to Trump. What's your response to that argument?


My response is that there is something in it, but it's not the whole thing. I, I always felt during the Blair Clinton, even Schroder, I mean now he's kind of, you know, Putin's best, best mate. But at the time he was, you know, part of this same thing. We had this thing in Germany, the de noit, the new center. I think that we were doing that on the back of a peace dividend falling the collapse of the Berlin Wall, which meant that we weren't having to spend squillions and squillions of money on defense. And, and we were able eventually to put that into things like schools and hospitals. And the second thing was that we were, you know, our economies were doing really, really well.


And globalization was one of the factors. What I think we never fully understood or did was warn people that there might be downsides to this. And so I think we got slightly carried away on the idea that here we were in the uk, the us, Germany, some of the sort of, you know, the countries that had, had, had been basically more outta power than in it, right? That we felt like we were kind of riding a, a wave and, and, and we, we were, we were the people that looked to for economic stability and economic growth and economic prosperity. And for us as a labor government, that was a really, really new experience.


And I think what we didn't do then was understand that a lot of the kind of things that were coming beneath that the Polish builders, you know, the undercutting of, of, of wages and prices, immigration, that we were, you know, we were going to business. One of our biggest weaknesses in those that period we talked about when labor was kind of tanking against the Tories, it was because we weren't seen as being trusted by business. So we made a big thing of winning over the trust of the business community. And of course the business community, particularly big business, but not just big business. They were saying to us, you know, we don't have the workforce, we don't have the people that we need to kind of do the jobs that need to be done, so we need more immigration.


And so yeah, let's get it, let's do it. Let's bring 'em in. And I think that we just, the unintended consequences of that, I think probably were a factor that led to Brexit. I still think Brexit could have been defeated, but you know, that was definitely a factor.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Quince. Elevating your style used to mean breaking the bank. But with Quince, you can get high-end versatile pieces at prices you can actually afford. Now you can upgrade your style by snagging Killer Luxury Essentials that sync with your vibe and wallet. Quince has all the must-haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $50, iconic, 100% leather jackets and comfortable pants for every occasion. The best part, all Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. Woo. That's some real savings right there by partnering directly with top factories, Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes the savings onto us. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices along with premium fabrics and finishes. Love that. Just got some t-shirts from Quince, really nice, great t-shirts. Got some Henleys from Quince. Got some, some new stuff in there. Now that it's spring is right around the corner, you can See it, Can see it coming. You get that spring wardrobe indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash crooked for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/crooked to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash crooked


Missed promotions, botched payroll, surprise resignations. What do these all have in common? They could have been prevented with Lattice. Build a people powered future with the all-in-one HR platform that maximizes the potential of your people and helps scale your business. No regrets. Visit lattice.com/no regrets. That's L-A-T-T-I-C e.com/no regrets.


Let's talk about the e the US and the uk. I mean, we famously have this special relationship, meaning that we are the closest of allies, you know, in the world. There's rarely daylight between the two countries on major issues after that. You know, the US is historically really close with Canada, democracies in Europe, NATO allies, et cetera. But in just the past few weeks, I mean, Donald Trump has upended 75 years of US foreign policy. He's voted with Russia at the United Nations. He sided with Putin against Ukraine and all of Europe. Interestingly, Kiir Starmer, despite being from the Labor Party, has gotten along better with Trump than, than most leaders.


But is there a concern you're hearing in sort of British political circles that the Transatlantic Alliance has is broken for, you know, at least the next four years, if not irreparably changed? Oh, just before I talked to you, I was doing a, an interview with German radio and trying out my German Tommy. He, he's not easy, but I just about got there and as I was doing it, and it was interesting doing it in, in a, in a, in a what is not my mother tongue. 'cause my mother tongue can always find the words and you can usually find the words because you clear in your, in your thinking. And as I was speaking, I was sort of, I, I felt myself falling between I know what I think and I know what I wanna say 'cause I, these guys are just destroying everything.


Right? But a little bit in my head was saying, don't say anything that might get picked up and be seen as big unhelpful to Ki star. 'cause you know, part of my brain is still trapped in the old job as it were. Yeah. And I thought, oh, I know, I get it. I get it. What If, what if Friedrich Metz is listening to this on his, you know, as he is in the gym or something on German radio and he thinks, oh, so this is what the britt's of, there's me thinking this. So, but what I really think it, well, when you say, is there any quire? Yes, there is a lot. There was a brilliant interview, which you should look up, that a guy called Alex Younger did. He's the former head of MI six. He did an interview on BBC News night two or three weeks ago now.


But it is the best thing I've seen in trying to explain what he thinks is happening in the world. And it's what I think is happening in the world. What I think is happening in the world is that America has reelected or elected for the second time a president who is basically sees the world as a place to be carved up by strong men. And at the moment there are three, there is Xi Jinping, president for life, Putin president for life. And Trump basically wants to be president for life. And in addition, he wants to be the richest man in the world and the most powerful man in the world, and the most famous man in the world. Now he's probably, he's right up there in terms of the most famous, he, I don't you, you know Fiona Hill, who was his foreign policy advisor in the first term.


She's a Brit. Yeah. She wrote a fantastic article about her experience with Foreign Affairs Magazine. And honestly it is just so worth reading now because like all of us, I think she assumed that, well that's Trump done. I can unburden what it was like. But she actually made the point that, that Trump, she, she, she made this point that whenever, if Trump was with his advisors, he'd listen to them up to a point. But as soon as a strong man leader came into the room, he would listen to that person. He would listen to Putin or Orban or Modi or Erdogan ahead of his own advisors. And then the second thing she said was that he absolutely bought this idea that Putin was the richest man in the world and he really admired for taking, for taking a country and turning it into almost like an extension of his business interests.


But you also had an army and a nuclear weapons. Nuclear weapons came. Well, and just so folks know, I mean the people who think Putin's the richest man in the world, believe he is. He got there by telling all the Russian oligarchs, you now owe me 50% of what's yours. And you don't have a, there will be no debate. Yeah. And, and also that he's, you know, he's got stuff all around the world and there's a huge, I don't know if it is or it isn't, but there's a massive property not far from where I live. One of the biggest players in I, and people say it's owned by, it's owned by a Russian, but basically people say it's owned by a Russian, but it's actually, it's actually Putin. So he's got, you know, anyway, so that's, and, and, and I, so what I think that, look, there's no doubt when Ke went to, and this was, this was a big deal for him 'cause he's had a pretty tough start.


As, as pri prime Minister Macron gets there, does his thing. I thought Macron handled it pretty well. Got the balance right between sort of flattery and, you know, French Francis national interest and trying to speak up as zelensky. I think that the sort of expectation was that Kir wouldn't be able to kind of pull it off in the same way. 'cause he doesn't have those sort of silky macro east skills. But actually he did very, very well. But there were people who, you know, seeing him, there was, there's, there were objections to Trump. I mean, you know, the, there's so that whole thing about, you know, the king wants the second visit to be great. And the first, and this is unprecedented, this is historic. I completely get why he had to do it and why he did it.


But I think there's a worry now if there's a worry now it's, I guess it's in the space of are we kidding ourselves in thinking that Trump's ever gonna give these security guarantees? And if he doesn't, what does that mean to countries like France and Britain saying they're gonna put boots on the ground? By the way, I'll tell you who his number one hate figure in the uk. Not right now. It's not Donald Trump. I was just about to ask, tell, tell me about JD Vance. I mean, either that guy is utterly malign or unbelievably stupid, and I don't think he's unbelievably stupid. So when he goes on Fox News and he was talking about the Ukraine situation, he was, he was justifying the, the sort of double bullying of of, of Zelensky, which was utterly revolting.


I mean, I think people around the world were just sick watching that. But just to wind back a bit, Vance goes to Munich, one of the most important defense and security conferences in the world, and basically makes his speech talking utter shy about free speech in the UK and France. Okay, bullshit doesn't talk about Ukraine, doesn't talk about the big stuff that was happening. Right? So that was the first thing. Then what really got people going was he goes on Fox News. I dunno why they owe Do they only do interviews with Fox News? Is everybody else just not allowed to talk to these people? Basically, yes. I mean, JD to his credit, will go in more hostile places, but they love Fox News.


It's state tv. Okay. If you jump into him, Tommy, we bump into him. We just tell him we'd love to have him on the rest of his politics. I will, I'll let 'em know. We text often. And yes, So he goes on Fox News and he says, he's talking about the security guarantees of having lots of American companies drilling for minerals is far better than 20,000 soldiers from some random country that hasn't fought a war for 30 to 40 years. Well, if you listen to The Rest Is Politics this week I've listed all the wars in which British soldiers have fought and died alongside Americans in the last 30 to 40 years. And I'll tell you, I've got friends in the British military who have JD Vance comes on the state visit if and when it happens, they're not happy.


So, and so when I say it was either, it was either willful or stupid, it's stupid to kind of, why would you want to have a row going about that where you have to come out and say, no, I wasn't talking about Britain and Rory Stewart. And the podcast today is he's listed all the other countries that were involved in fighting with the Americans. And bear in mind Trump again today talking about Article five saying, well, would they, why should I help them? They're not gonna come and help us. The last time Article five was deployed was nine 11. And that was because every other country in NATO said, this is an attack upon America. An attack on one is an attack upon, or we are with them.


And now this guy. And what I find, what I find most distressing about what's happening, and this is what I think is keeping people awake at night, me included, is that we are now in this world where America, which Whether you like America or not, and a lot of people don't like America, but we've always, and I, you know, I've always been pretty pro-American in the main, but we now have an American administration that treats friends as enemies and enemies as friends. You know, Zelensky has been abused, derided, briefed against shouted at made demands of Putin. Zero, no demands, no harsh words. Zelensky iss a dictator, not Putin.


Zelensky is the one who started the war, not Putin. I mean, it's mind blowing. It's sort of, it's gaslighting on a global industrial scale. That's what I think people are finding very, very difficult. Yeah. And look, I don't want to go on some whiny tangent about conservative media, but I I'm very glad to hear that you and many of your friends are exercised about these comments by JD Vance because the man insulted hundreds, if not thousands of dead British troops and French troops, by the way, because it's the French Yeah. UK proposal for this peacekeeping force. And like when Barack Obama dared to move the Churchill bust out of the Oval Office, it was this goddamn scandal that tailed us for weeks and weeks and weeks. Mm. Because, you know, the Murdoch press the right wing tabloids, especially in the UK just, you know, pumped oxygen on the fire and, and fed the flames over and over again.


And like, this seems like, you know, now we have this legitimate breach that I think we should actually be kind of concerned about. And did he get much play in America, the Vance thing about the random country? It did. But you know, the Steve Bannon adage of Flood the zone with shit is highly effective. And we're all just kind of waking up to the next outrage every day.


We are gonna take a quick break, but before we do, I wanna tell you some exciting news from our book, imprint Crooked Media Reads Woodworking, the brand new novel by yellow jackets writer and culture commentator. Emily St. James is now out wherever you get your books. Woodworking is an unforgettable and heartwarming debut following a trans high school teacher from a small town in South Dakota who befriends the only other trans woman she knows one of her students. The five star Good Reads reviews are pouring in and woodworking is featured on them. And AV club's most anticipated books of 2025 lists, publishers Weekly says St. James Enthralls with her depiction of what it's like to be trans in a conservative and insular community and the courage it takes for people to be openly themselves. Get your copy of woodworking right now at Crooked Media dot com slash books.


Pots Save of America is brought to you by Sundays. Sundays is a fresh dog, food made from a short list of human grade ingredients. Sundays was co-founded by Dr. Tory Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe. Sundaes contains 90% meat, 10% super foods, and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. Dog parents report noticeable health improvements in their pups, including softer fur, fresher breath, better poops, and more energy after switching to sundaes. Yeah, Leo's had Sundays and and he really likes it. Love it. And you know what, his poops really are better. That's important. Also, fresher breath. We like that too. Unlike other fresh dog food, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation because of their air drying process. Just pour and serve. When you start a Sunday subscription, you'll automatically get 20% off and free shipping on every reorder, cancel, or pause your subscription anytime with our a hundred percent satisfaction guarantee. Every order ships right to your door. So you'll never worry about running outta dog food again. Sometimes the wet dog food, eh, it's it's a lot to store. Sundays, it's great, it's very easy to store you. Open it up, pour it in, they Love it. Get 40% off your first order of Sundays. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/crooked or use code crooked at checkout. That's Sundays for dogs.com/crooked code crooked.


What would you do if you forgot what you couldn't do? Enter Lululemon's all new body hugging move enhancing glow, uptight leap in the hit handstand pushups or hour long dance offs. Because if you can, you probably should. The new glow uptight is snug above the hips and stretchy through the legs for a spring loaded fit that makes you feel held in, but never held back. Get your Lululemon glow ups in store or@lululemon.com.


Now, One other thing I love about The Rest Is Politics is that you and Rory, you, you talk a lot about international issues and you guys focus a lot on right wing populist parties, especially in Europe. Leaders like Maureen Lapin in France, we got Elon Musk's buddies over at the A FD in Germany, VIIA Orban and Hungary, Nigel Farage in the uk. Unfortunately the list goes on and on here in America. We are now dealing with the kind of MAGA version of right-wing populism. Are there common threads you see among these right-wing populist parties that are worth kind of highlighting and then successful tactics to combat them?


Well, the first thing I'd say is they're, they're, you know, not, not least through the work that Steve Bandon does, they're unbelievably well organized. Are there common tactics? Yes. Are there common threads? Yes. Is there a common ideology? I think there is. And Trump is, whether by design or by default, he's become the kind of absolute global pin boy of the whole thing. But I tell you what I'm absolutely amazed at. I think I've said this to you before that whenever I'm talking to anybody about American politics, particularly on the right, or even when we interviewed David Petraeus on the podcast a while back, so there's a military guy, and even in that interview Victor Ban's name came up, he said, to understand what's happening in the right wing in America, you have to understand VIIA ban.


These people love Victor Ban. And then I wind through and I check they, they do Vance, They JD Vance's doing interviews about, well, one of the first thing Ban did, he's very clever. He took on the me, he took on the university, he took on the courts, Hey, and guess what they're doing? You know, so I think that there's, they, they join up. It's very interesting though, when at the sea, the last cpac, Jordan Barella, who's the number two to Marine Lapin, and he's this young, very handsome, very articulate guy who clearly thinks he's gonna be the next leader. And probably half of his mind thinks he might even get in there before the presidential election. I don't know. But he pulled out of the CPAC because of the Steve Bannon Nancy Salute.


So I would argue that the a FD musk's people, and by the way, I think must cost them votes rather than added to them. They were, they were, what was amazing about the German election, I went out for the German election and they were, the polls didn't shift other than the only place where the polls really shifted were for the, the left wing populist party who went almost doubled during the campaign. And I think that was Musk motivating people who probably weren't gonna vote. I don't think the ev the a f that's fast moving. So with the help of Trump, but actually the, the forerunner in this is Putin, they've established that you don't necessarily have to pay a price for lying.


Now, to be fair, our country Johnson's got spat out the system. It wasn't over the big lies, it was eventually over a kind of smaller set of lies. But, you know, he's gone. He probably thinks he can come back, but I think he's done. But that sort of form of politics, the, and then the other thing I think that they do, they're very, very good certain themes that they push the whole time. The thing woke is, is is obviously one of them climate, I'm amazed at how they've managed to win this or, you know, push the dial back on climate as well as they've done. Again, they do it partly by lying, but they also do it by co-opting people and arguments that go against what we thought was a conventional wisdom.


And I remember after the first Trump's first term, I remember I was, I, I was doing a, a thing with Al Gore in Germany I think, or Austria. And I said to him, what are you gonna do? I mean the climate campaign, how are you gonna do it with this guy in the White House? He's a climate denier. And Gore said, he said he was pretty chilled. He said, listen, we're just gonna have to work around him. You can work around this guy. Hmm. Now I think that's, and and likewise with Michael Wolf, we had, we talked to Michael Wolf last week and he said, don't get too upset. Just wait the guy out. You've gotta wait the guy out. And I think that worked for the first term. I don't think that works for the, the second term. Yeah. I don't mean there because there's so much, he's so much more powerful. He's so much better organized it seems to me.


And he's got these people around him and this media ecosystem. I think we are right to be worried about this media ecosystem. And we've got the same thing developing here. Yeah. I mean, you know, the, the interesting story to me about this recent election in Germany, I I do love that it seems like JD Vance and Elon Musk turned off voters and harmed the a FD. There was this interesting split at the end where you saw this surge in support for left-wing parties that I think mostly came from young women, whereas younger men Yeah. Went to the a FD. And what you're seeing though is just a lack of faith in these sort of traditional parties, be them sort of social democrats or conservative and a look for alternatives because younger people are pissed off and they feel like the system has not worked for them and they're turning away.


And I think that's a big Lesson on they Right. By the way, they're right. Yeah. And, and I saw in 2019 you were doing an interview with the garden where you said the populism of the right would not be defeated by the populism of the left. Can you unpack that a bit and, and tell me if you still think it's true? I think there's a form. Well the populism of the right to me means you don't see politics as a way to solve problems. You see politics as a way to exploit problems. So I don't think we should do that. I think we should always pursue a politics that is about trying to address problems and make life better for people. The second part of their, the right wing populist is polarization. We don't exist to bring people together. We exist to drive people into tribes and get them fighting each other.


I don't want to do that. I don't think the left should do that. And the third part of their shtick is, is lying post-truth. So I don't think we should do any of those things. What I do think, however, that we need to learn from them and do better than is done now relates to the way that we communicate and the way that we relate to people in their lives. I I, I feel sometimes that politicians on the left, they, they do think that people are sitting around obsessing about what politicians are saying and thinking and doing. They're not, yeah, they're not too. So how do you get into those people's lives or how do you get into their lives in, at, in those times when you need to be in their lives, like they're deciding whether or not to vote, and they're deciding what to vote, how'd you get into them?


So that when they're making that decision, one, they know who you are, they know what you stand for, and they quite like it. Right Now, they don't know who a lot of the, the other side are. And when they hear them, they just think, I mean, the big thing that's really harming labor here at the moment is, is people's feeling that, or saying that they don't think the change that was promised has been big enough or fast enough right now. And meanwhile they see Trump with his fucking pen and his, you know, here's another one and here's another one with banning straws and Right. Executive orders Left and Right. Yeah. Right. Okay. But what I think is that the processes, the reason why so many young people are zoning out is that one, they can't afford a house.


Their jobs are pretty insecure. They're not gonna be better off than, than their parents. And they look at politics and they see slow processes, often pretty average people, not inspiring, not motivating. And so I think that's the bit of, it's not populism in the traditional sense, but how do the politicians on the left become the friends of these people? Because naturally that's what they should be. How have we allowed a situation where Donald Trump inherited wealth, billionaire Boris Johnson, who went to the, you know, the most expensive school in Europe, Oxford Daily Telegraph somehow becomes a man of the people.


Nigel Farage, a city trader, you know, and even, okay, JD Vance has got the dirt poor background. Well, it'd be still Ivy League, Trump's still Ivy League, you know, must, they're all Ivy League people. How have they become the voice of working class people? Whereas people who actually do, in my view, care about working class people. That's why I think Ki Starer in the UK's and Angela Ray, I dunno if you know Angela Rayner, he is number two. Who's got the most, you know, yeah. She's the most amazing backstory. But I think if, if this labor government doesn't succeed in winning back the working class, and, and you said earlier about, you know, we lost them in part through globalization.


I think we lost them, I think in the uk. We lost a lot of them through the period when Jeremy Corbin is, was in charge because yes, it's true, fair play to Jeremy Corbin. He motivated a lot of young people to the, maybe to the left of you and me to get engaged and get involved. But he turned off a lot of people who are what I would call traditional working class British patriots. And back to the thing about big moments, one of Jeremy Corbin's biggest moments was that he'd just literally been made lead of the Labor Party, won the election. Everybody stunned that he'd done it, but he did it. And one of the first events was this establishment event at, at St. Paul's Cathedral.


And he stood there and didn't sing the national anthem. And it sounds crazy, but it's the sort of thing that people remember and they say, Hmm, this guy's not on our side, is he? Oh, That. It doesn't sound crazy at all to me. I, I was sitting in an interview with Barack Obama in Iowa in 2007 when a reporter asked him why he wasn't wearing a flag pin. And he answered it honestly. And it became a thing for four more years or however long it, it followed us around. Final question for you, and thank you for giving me so much time. I, I was looking last night at this Pew Research does polling asking Americans, do you trust the government? And they've been doing it for decades. And the average peaks at like 77% in 1964, in the beginning of l BJ's administration, trust levels plummet through the Vietnam War all the way through the Carter administration down to about 27%.


It kind of bounces up into the forties during Reagan then spikes after nine 11 as people rally together after the, the attacks and then bottoms out again after Iraq and the financial crisis and never really recovers. And I think some of the drivers of this loss of trust were Vietnam, Watergate, the Iraq war and the financial crisis. And just for listeners, you know, if, if listeners wanna hear you dig deeper into all things Iraq, you and Rory did an amazing two part series on the Iraq War from different perspectives around the 20th anniversary. And it was just like riveting listening and I highly recommend It, but I'm wondering, I mean Democrats of now, we used to be the party that didn't trust institutions.


We didn't trust the intelligence community, we didn't trust the government. Right? We accused Bush of lying us into war. Now we're the ones defending institutions, now we're telling people to, to trust the CDC about the Covid vaccine or trust the FBI. Right? And I, I'm wondering how you think about this loss of trust in, in government and institutions and how to get it back, but also if we need to change our posture as a Democrat and, and not be so trusting of the government and maybe not worry about the lack of trust in government. Well, I, I think there's a difference between lack of trust in the government and lack of belief in principles and institutions. What I'd worry about most if I was American right now was the, the sense that the rule of law is, is crumbling.


That the institutions, that, that uphold the rule of law, you know, the attacks upon judges, the, the packing of courts, all the stuff that we know, I'd really worry about that. There's a little whiff of that over here at times, but not, not, not like there is in the state. So I think I, I think you are where you're absolutely right is you don't want to become in opposition the defender of a status quo for which you're not responsible. And that's a real risk for the Democrats right now. That's why I, I think that the, the other lesson to take from actually from Macron, if you wanna look at it in positive ways and from Donald Tusk in Poland, is that, you know, whether it's on the right or on the left or in the center, you've got to have, when there is so much kind of angst in the world, you've got to have a disruptive message about the change that you are going to make.


'cause so much needs to change. Status quo just isn't working. And so Trump is all about change. Macron is all about change. Stan's slogan was change. This thing about trust is really interesting. 'cause like you say, you said nine 11, the trust levels went up. I still believe that when something covid actually is an interesting example around the world. Yeah, lots of anger, lots of division, but around the world, most governments said what they thought should be done. And most populations said, okay, this is tough. We get it, we'll go along with it. Right? So what do people understand by government? Government means everything from whether your streets get cleaned and your bins get emptied to whether Donald Trump works off a nuclear weapon at China one day.


Government is the services that we all depend on. Why are people really angry with the last conservative government? Because they run the National Health Service into the ground that, that erodes trust as well. So I think that sometimes when we, when we poll people out, Whether you do you trust politicians, they say no because all they ever read about is the politicians being bad and scandal and what have you. When you explain to people, I think there has to be greater leveling with the public about what politics is, what it's good, the good that it does, the bad that goes on. It goes back to the point I made about my conversation with Matthew. Have honest conversations with people about what's going on.


Don't worry if you say something a bit loose that a paper that opposes you, you're gonna turn it into a scandal. 'cause they're gonna do that anyway with something else. So I think this trust thing, I think it goes back to this thing about having genuine honest conversations with people and showing that you can make change through politics. And I think a lot of it is about the way, look, Trump is such a polarizing figure. America, I guess this is impossible at the moment, but I think in Britain with something like Kia Star in charge and Germany, because of their coalition systems and France, if Macron has a decent successor and, and somebody in the center wins there.


And actually it's been interesting to see someone like Maloney who has operated in a slightly different way to what we expect. He's still pretty far right and stuff In Italy. Yeah, all band's. The all band's the only real hard, right? Even the Slovakian guy came back in the fold yesterday on defense, you know, at the, at the summit in Brussels. So, and there's even talk today in amongst people I've been talking to in the kind of who were at the event in Brussels yesterday. There's even talk about, you know, is it time to start thinking about how we get hungry at the European Union? I mean, so there is a fight back. Oh, I like that idea. Well, yeah, so do I. But so I think I've, I'm, I've waffled on so long, I've forgotten what your final question was. Now you're gonna remind me you remembered It.


Trust. Yeah. So I, I think we got it. I think we got there. So I, I think that the, the, the trust thing is it's more complicated than sometimes than we think. I think, I think it, the other thing that's going on, there's just lack of deference in the world anyway, that's not necessarily a bad thing. There's lack of respect for authority. That's not necessarily a bad thing. And the other thing that's happened, it's happening in Australia right now, is election coming up in Australia, is that fewer and fewer people always vote the same way. And that is, you, you've got the Republican Democrat and occasionally a third candidate, right? But in other countries, other alternatives are emerging.


Even though key Islamic got a huge majority, it was the lowest joint vote between tour and labor than there's ever there's ever been, Right? So people are looking for alternatives, people are looking for alternatives. And I think we just have to have a more grown up debate with about, about people, with people and the left. Go back, maybe the big point I wanna try and make to you and your, your colleagues is that we can't afford to lose our confidence about, you know, without sounding arrogant being right. These guys, they've got really bad ideas. What, look, what Trump is actually doing is bad for America, bad for Canada, yeah, bad for Europe, bad for relations with China is bad on so many levels, but because they've built this phenomenal political support machine, even the people within that support machine like Marco Rubio who know that it's wrong, they gotta go along with it.


Whereas what we do when we have, we do stuff that we sort, oh, I'm not happy about that. So you flake off. We've gotta be more confident that we, we are actually on the big issues of what the world, whether it's climate, whether it's inequality, whether it's the way that we treat each other, whether it's we, we solve problems better in alliance with others rather than hating each other. We are right about that. We're always gonna be right about that. And so let's just be a bit more confident about it. I like that. That's right. You, you, you've never win an argument that you don't join. I think that's important advice. Well, Alistair, thank you so much for your time. Here's to help in for a, a Labor 1997 style victory at the midterms in 2026.


And well, I tell you what, if don't, if you don't make it to then If you don't get it, he'd say, okay, I'm around forever. I'm now with G and I know I'm, I'm Here for I know. Yeah. It's, you know, so if, if we don't, if we don't win that, I'm gonna be talking to you about the passport again. So lemme know. Hopefully if someone in the foreign office, thank you again for your time. I really appreciate it. No, it's all, it's always a pleasure to talk to you. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricket.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo, Saul Rubin, and Emma ili Frank. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heathcote, Molly Lobel, Carol Pal Aviv, Kenny Moffitt and David Toles.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America. East


Missed promotions, botched payroll, surprise resignations. What do these all have in common? They could have been prevented with Lattice. Build a people-powered future with the all-in-one HR platform that maximizes the potential of your people and helps scale your business. No regrets. Visit lattice.com/nog regrets. That's a TTI cce.com/no regrets.


Hear that. Spring is back and so is Church of Seafood with eight p shrimp, surf and turf or fish sandwich each starting at 3 99 offer valid at participating locations.