
Patte of America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. According to research, a major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications if you're an employer who can relate. I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? The ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two and ZipRecruiter. Smart technology will start showing you qualified job applicants immediately. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to help find top talent so you don't waste time or money. And if you see a candidate who'd be perfect for your job, you can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally. Reach out to your favorite candidates. We've used ZipRecruiter here at Crooked Media to hire for a bunch of roles. It's sped up the entire process. We got a bunch of great applicants. It was seamless, it was easy. We trusted ZipRecruiter to help us navigate everything, and I just highly recommend it. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Go to ziprecruiter.com/crooked and go now to try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture perfect sunset, or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justice is within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. This is our second Sunday show. These episodes are going to be coming out every other weekend and will give us hosts a chance to step back from the churn to have longer form conversations about the big ideas and forces shaping news and politics. My guest today is Ben Smith, the co-founder and editor in chief of the news site. Semaphore. Ben is a longtime reporter. He worked for Politico, was the editor of Buzzfeed News and was the New York Times media critic. So he has a ton of experience covering the coverage from the prominence of podcasters and influencers in the 2024 election to the way Trump is running rough shot over the media. It feels like we are at a critical moment for the role of the fourth estate. That's why I wanted to bring Ben on to dig into the state of the American Free press, what journalists need to do differently for Trump 2.0 and whether the right has finally won the war on the media.


Ben Smith, welcome to Pod Save America. How you doing? Good, thanks. Thanks for having me down. It's nice to see you. Absolutely. We've known each other for, for a very long time. I think we first met on a bus in Iowa in 2007. Seven. You were a blogger And they were like, they were like, we have an adult here to take charge of you all. And it was you. Yes. And I, the adult, I think I was 29, 30 maybe at the time. So like a true adult. But look, we're we are Trump's been in office for nearly three weeks. It has been a truly insane and intense three weeks. But we, we know that's part of his and Steve Bannon's Flood the Zone strategy. Bannon first described this approach in 2018. He said his strategy for overcoming the media's opposition was to flood the zone with shit.


For our listeners, let's take a listen to what he said on PBS's Frontline back then, The opposition party is the media. And the media can only because they're dumb and they're lazy, they can only focus on one thing at a time. And the one thing they'll mainly focus on is either they do the horse race or once the horse race, who's ins who's out. Right? It's like the high school who are the cool kids in the cafeteria? Right? Right. Because it's easy. It's the reason they do the horse race stuff all the time. Right. And they won't do the basic, what are the core things that are going on in the country. I said, all we have to do is flood the zone every day we hit 'em with three things, they'll bite on one and we'll get all of our stuff done. Pang bang bang. These guys will never, will never be able to recover. But we gotta start with muzzle velocity.


So it's gotta start and it's gotta hammer. What does it work? Muzzle velocity. It seems like a pretty accurate description of what at least the first couple weeks of Trump 2.0 have looked like. How have you been covering Trump 2.0 and how have you tried to deal with the flood the zone strategy? Yeah, I mean, yeah, it is, it is a very accurate description. And I mean this is the media dumb and lazy. Like often also accurate. But I, but I think, you know, he think the notion that the opposition party is the media and that the world is totally mediated by the media and that we shape reality and decide what happens to me. Like I, like I don't really buy that and I, but I also think it's kind of poisonous for the media to think that about itself in a way. And you know, and, and I get, you know, I mean we're, we're trying to cover the story.


We're trying to understand what's happening, why things are happening, who's actually making these decisions, what their actual motives are, things that social media can often be shaky on. I mean, I think one of the big stories, one of the stories that struck me early, you know, is that is obviously you have this iconic image of Mark Zuckerberg and ET all sort of in, you know, paying their re regard. You show showing up to support Trump's inauguration and, and and and to sort of pledge their loyalty to the administration. And it was really striking to me as sort we broke over the weekend that, you know, when it comes to key appointments, like the general counsel for the FCC, they pick somebody who is the most anti-big tech possible lawyer in America like this, bought them nothing.


The Trump people think it's hilarious. They like it, but it isn't buying them. It's not buying them anything. And then conversely, who has actual influence in the White House, which who in media has Trump's respect? Rupert Murdoch whose publications have been very, very tough on Trump and call, actually if you read the Wall Street Journal editorial page, you'll get much tougher, clearer criticism of Trump than you get from, you know, the LA Times, which only writes about Los Angeles now. 'cause they feel scared. It's an interesting thing. I think you see there's these like demonstrations of weakness by a lot of kind of me would be media moguls, which they imagine are gonna ingratiate themselves to the White House and knows no evidence that it is.


Yeah, I wanna get into some of those tributes that some of the media and tech are paying to Trump in a minute. But I think, I'm not gonna defend Steve Bannon often in the history of Pod Save America, but I think when he made those comments in 20 20 18, 20 19, whatever it was he, the world, it was a different place, right? The media did play the legacy media, if you will, just who he is really talking about, right? Yeah. Like when we talk about media in this podcast that is everything from Sefo to the New York Times to Fox News now to Joe Rogan, Alex Cooper, everything. But what Ben is talking about here is he's talking about the White House Press Corps, right? Yeah. The establishment media, legacy media regime media as Republicans call it. And back then it certainly played a larger role.


I think at least maybe you can, if you disagree, you should say it in sort of mediating reality. Yeah. And they were reacting of course to a moment in which the Russia investigation had totally swamped the administration driven by breathless media coverage in the, you know, and, and, and so I think in a way like, and, and they had allowed, and they had gotten onto the back foot in the first weeks of the administration were and never really got onto the front foot. They were never, they were, very rarely were they able to really drive that story. It was mostly they were, you know, they were the rabbit being pursued by the wolves. And so like, I think they were kind of honestly reasonably figured we don't want that to happen again. And, and that and that strategy, I mean Bannon puts it in really bombastic terms, but I don't know.


Do you think it's probably a good, like, is that if you were a White House comms director, would you, would you come out with muzzle velocity right now? Yeah, I think you would want muzzle velocity. I think the question for Trump, if you're, if I'm stepping back from like the perspective of political operative is, are you telling a larger story or are you getting swamped by action? Like with the, like what they are demonstrating right now is action, right? Absolutely. Just he's doing things and that is standing in stark contrast to what people perceived of Biden, right? Absolutely. He was largely absent. Absolutely. Even though he did a lot of things, most, a lot of those things weren't public. They didn't seem him. And so, you know, I always, I I was thinking about this the other day, is that Trump's first term in the beginning, he suffered, I think mightily in public perception with the comparison to Obama.


'cause he was out there, he was kind of saying dumb, crazy things. He was not thoughtful and that, and Obama was much more popular in Trump. So that suffered in this situation. I think he actually benefits from the comparison to Biden because Biden was perceived to be fairly or unfairly as absent. Not doing a lot, not not showing strength, not being out there. And Trump is out there 24 7, right? Like when was the last time? Yeah. The public never really saw Biden and Trump is out there all the time. So he benefits from it. I, the question will be like, right now that is a very good short term strategy. What are you, like what points are you putting on the board in terms of delivering on your campaign promises? Right? Or is it just a bunch of noise and that that it's early to know whether that's actually true or not?


Yeah. And the thing that, I mean, I think Bannon is a smart guy. In some ways he's so ubiquitous that people who underestimate how consequential he is, but notably absent from, from the muzzle velocity speech is just like, which way is the gun pointed? What's in it? You know? And, and right. And it, it's a, it's a strategy. It's kind of content neutral. Like they could be announcing anything. And there was this narrative last year that well look like this time around Trump has a real plan. They had, they know what they're doing. They have a set of actions planned and some of the stuff coming outta the muzzle, like some of the, particularly around immigration, I think is actually like, look, we had a plan. We're gonna do some high profile.


Even if they're not massive raids, we're gonna try to scare people away from the border. We have some legal changes we want, like that all felt planned. The Elon stuff is obviously, he's just seeing tweets about agencies. He's never heard of reacting canceling stuff, unc cancelling stuff. I mean it's mostly improvisational. And I think that's, as you say, like at some point, like these are the fights. I mean I think, you know, it's, and it is, and the laws of gravity still apply. Like you, the president has this a hundred days, has this moment at which to set an agenda to pick their priorities, to pick the fights they're gonna pick. And some of the fights they're picking are the fights they planned to pick and wanted to pick. But a lot of fights they're picking are the fights that Elon saw a tweet about yesterday. Yeah. I mean they're like, they are better.


It is a better run organization that last time. Only in the sense that you have a bunch of people who maybe care about a specific issue that Trump may or may not care about as much. And they are dri they are finding ways to drive that. Yeah. You know, some, some of it is not legally sustainable. Some of it is just like a bunch of bullshit, like the, like the executive order on transgender sports participation. Right. That's not something that government has any access to. But by just by being out there and being my ba you get, you know, likely the NCAA or someone else to respond to it. Sure. But they're actually like, they didn't have executive orders in the can last time to do it. Right. And the ones they've written or they're, and I think they, they are, Trump is freed this time from caring what the media thinks.


Or at least he seems to be like, they were very, they were more sensitive to the, you know, what Maggie Haberman would say about them than they seem to be now at Least. See I think that remains to be seen. I think Trump likes to, at at Least lemme say the administration question about Trump. Yeah. I do think that you're, I mean this is gonna be a real question as you know, because they're just do, they are have a lot of muzzle velocity and that Right. And as you said, like some of the stuff, and a lot of it is kind of organizationally, you know, kind of cultural war stuff that doesn't, that doesn't really affect the outcomes of government policy in an immediate way is all happening. It's moving. They clearly had it well planned. But again, I mean a lot of the most consequential stuff is being decided by Elon Musk in a pretty chaotic way. And when it starts, and I think there's a real question of, some of it will be very unpopular, some of it will get really bad press.


Do we think Trump wants that? Like I actually don't think Trump likes getting bad press or is comfortable with getting bad press. I think he likes getting good press. Yeah, I I think that's true. I think it's true. I, I guess the way I've been thinking about it is, I mean the way he backed off the tariffs very quickly for just basically nothing is notable the way they, I know a judge stopped the funding freeze, but Trump also pulled the plug on it and reportedly, I mean, at least since other reporting I read was that was his choice. 'cause it was so noisy and messy. And so I think he's still gonna be reactive to some of that stuff. The people around him are less reactive to it. Like last time he had so many Republican establishment people in his administration Yeah. That they were more reactive to it and you know, and know like, you know, John Kelly is gonna be more reactive to bad press than Christie Nome or For sure.


Or, you know, same thing with his defense, Pete Seth is not gonna care about it. You know? And so I think that it will matter some. But I guess I, I guess that question I have is, it seems to me at least watching this over the first three weeks that the legacy media, establishment media, right. I always want to kind of just, at least the people in the briefing room in Trump, one came in really sort of guns blazing, right? They sort of branded themselves as defenders of democracy. There was a ton of fact checking or it, and there is a, it feels like at least from afar, a different approach this time, right? Pre a little more. Yeah. Not that there is not real, that like I do kind of wanna separate the journalists who are covering the White House or covering Trump from maybe the parent companies who own them.


But 'cause there is like real, like, people are, these reporters, I will say are working their ass off and they're writing like, like a really lot of really important stories. Whether anyone's reading them or not is an open question, but it does feel like the press is a little more, accommodation has more of an accommodationist and less aggressive approach this time. Do you see it that way? Am I is just my, is my anti-media bias coming through? I mean, I think that's one way to see it. I mean, I guess I never really bought the idea that like, our choice is to be accommodationist versus collaborationist versus aggressive. Like we're supposed to be covering reality. And I think that there was an almost delusional quality to the media where reporters loved having people they met out in the world say to them like, wow, you're so brave.


Thank you for what you do. It's like, come on, you cover the White House. Like you're not, you're not a war reporter. And I do think like the work is incredibly important to democracy, but that's a little different between saying, you know, journalism is this incredibly, is this vital pillar of democracy. And journalists are themselves heroes of democracy who ride write, you know, who ride around on white horses. Like it's a weird job. And the best reporters, right? Like the reporters who are very valuable right now, like spend a lot of time kind of burrowing into Trump world and telling you what's happening there. That's, you know, and that's an incredibly valuable thing. But you don't have to, I, I don't know. But I think there was a level at which the sort of media, the media fell in love with a narrative about itself that, you know, that that, that made liberals love them and conservatives hate them.


And I don't know. And that's not the only factor, maybe even the most major factor. But I, but I don't think in retrospect that was a good thing. And I would say the underlying thing here is just to go back. Trump gets elected and a lot of journalists, a lot of liberals think there's no way this was legitimate, like this did some, there has been a mistake here. And like what happened? Maybe it was Facebook, like maybe there's some technical social media trick, or maybe it was the Russians and like, these are two very great lines of reporting inquiry that lots of really smart journalists. And I, I don't think they were always framing the story that way, but a lot of journalistic effort was expended, basically trying to answer the question of how did Donald Trump manage to get elected? And those were both factors, obviously shifts in social media, Russian interference in the election.


But like, I think they did not like to like sufficiently consider option three, which was that he was pretty popular and won a lot of votes. And so I think that was like Trump, people aren't wrong to be upset that most of the journalistic energy of 2016 and 2017 was expended on trying to figure out what trick got him elected.


Patte of America is brought to you by Sundays for dogs. Sundays is fresh dog food made from a short list of human grade ingredients. Sundays was co-founded by Dr. Tory Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe. Sundays contains 90% meat, 10% super foods, and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. Dog parents report noticeable health improvements in their pups, including softer fur, fresher breath, better poops, and more energy after switching to sundaes. Unlike other fresh dog food, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation 'cause of their air drying process. Just pour and serve. When you start a Sunday subscription, you'll automatically get 20% off and free shipping on every reorder, cancel, or pause your subscription anytime with our a hundred percent satisfaction guarantee. Every order ships right to your door, so you'll never worry about running out of dog food again. I believe the favres are a long time Sunday for the dog users. And the reason I know this is because every time my dog Luca comes to their house, she makes a beeline for Leo's food bowl and eats everything that happens to be in there. So apparently it's very good, the New Year's not only a perfect time for us humans to make healthy changes, but for your pup as well, get 40% off a two week trial of Sundays. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/crooked or use the code crooked at checkout. Again, that's Sundays for dogs.com. Sundays is plural slash crooked and use code crooked at checkout.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


I think one of the accommodate, you know, on the, the real critiques from, you know, folks, not just on the left but in Jo, but in even in journal itself, is that some of the corporate media entities have been, are trying to curry favor with Trump for reasons separate and apart from their, from the specific, the specifics of their publication itself. Right? So you have the Disney Corporation settling a pretty specious lawsuit that a lot of legal experts think A BC could have won involving George Stephanopoulos erroneously calling Trump a racist. You have reports that get it right down. Sorry, rapist calling him a rapist. Yes, you probably could have gotten sued for the racist one. But the, and then you have, you have reports that Paramount, which is has a merger, a very large merger before the Trump administration considering settling.


What is an even more reportedly absurd lawsuit about the editing of the Kamala Harris interview, just sort of as a publisher or person in the media, a longtime media critic, what do you, what's your response to how some of these entities are are doing this? You know, it's funny, they, for years for our whole careers, there's been a set of advocates who yelled about the cons, corporate consolidation of media. There've been like Ralph Nader people, there's a group called Free Press. They were totally irrelevant to the political conversation. Like nice people. And you'd be like, yeah, I don't know, like I work in corporate media and I've never had my corporate overlords cutting secret deals with the government. That doesn't, that's not a thing that happens in America. And they were totally right. Like you, what you see now is that this very, very consolidated media is largely owned by, on one hand public companies that have fiduciary responsibilities to their shareholders.


And and when we say media really mean news media because they have lots of exposure beyond news. Like, you know, the Ellison family isn't buying paramount because they want CBS news like CBS news is in this comes along with the bargain and it's kind of a headache. But they want, you know, they're looking for a content library and you know, they into getting into the movie business. And so this like CBS news is this liability and actually the Disney suit is, you know, sort of specious, but is the kind of suit sometimes you settle because I think they were worried about what would, is it, you know, George disclosing George Fops text messages, whatever. There's some argument for settling that one. I'm not, I not a great one. But the, the CBS one is ludicrous. It's about editing, it's about, you know, like it's a very normal journalistic thing.


If you edit a, an interview the way you wanna edit it, maybe you screw it up, maybe whatever. But it's, but it's, it's, it's something that is widely viewed as protected and is a specious lawsuit. Even, even if they've found a friendly judge in Texas. But c you know, but cbs but Cherry Redstone who's selling CBS would like to get paid and the quickest way to getting paid is caving to Trump. And if that damages the brand, if that blows up the newsroom, it's not, it's not a big deal for her. I think similarly, you know, Bezos and Patrick Soong are billionaires and the issue isn't that they're billionaires, it's that they have lots of exposure in other businesses that the government has a lot of power over. Soong is in the healthcare business, you know, FDA incredibly important to him. Bezos is very interested in his space projects and Trump will obviously punish them.


I mean, he is done it in the past. He'll threaten he'll kill those kill, kill contracts if your publication anchors him. And so, and Bezos wrote this in his letter about canceling the endorsement that it would be, and he said it this, well, I'm not doing this 'cause I'm caving to Trump, but I can't, but I can't blame you for seeing it that way. 'cause it sure, look, I re I recognize that it looks that way and, and I just think that what you see is that it makes you realize the importance of independent media and in and independent and sort of the old naite sense that they're independent of consolidated ownership. I mean, the New York Times is the only major publication in the country that is independent in that sense. You know, the Murdoch press for all the many problems I have with them are at least in the news business in a real way and, and have some experience in dealing with power and not just caving and then, and then lots of smaller outlets like ours, like yours and mine.


And you know, I'm sure like if the Trump administration decided to try to damage your business and go after your advertisers, it could probably do a lot of damage. But it's, but but you're not dealing with a sister company that is heavily regulated. That is, you know, and, and we already, you know, and I think that's, that to me is actually kind of the scary thing is, is the, is is the way in which ownership is really being brought to bear for the first time in my career. It is. There's just this ultimate irony that like the a BC settlement actually goes to the Trump library where one ever be built. Yes. It's gonna be a new, the fact Greenland. That's right. Or it could be in Gaza, But somebody isn't in Trump's war, but described it to me as the Trump library and casino. Yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure that is the case or in amusement park or whatev whatever else it'll be.


But it's just, there's a tremendous irony. So a b, so Walt Disney and a BBC have given Trump money for the library. If c if Paramount settles a suit, CBS will give Trump money for his library. Mark Zuckerberg just settled a suit with Facebook against Trump that will go to the library and the Trump is gonna end up with a library built by the legacy media. And big tech is just a sort of a wild thing you would not expect. You see why, you see why he finds that really satisfying? IIII can imagine, I can imagine that, that he is quite satisfying to him in the first Trump term fact checking was a, a very important part of how the press was thinking about holding Trump accountable, right? He's telling all these lies. It is our job to sort reality for our readers. We're gonna fact check him, we're gonna do it. Bring on people like Daniel Dale and CNN right afterwards.


And it, I'm curious what, how he, how that's gonna happen this time. Like here, I want to have you listen to this clip from Trump's recent press conference where Peter Alexander tries to, tries to question the reality of what Trump just said. Let's take a listen. The cited FAA tax that you read is real, but the implication that this policy is newer, that it stems from efforts that began under present by nor the transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg is demonstrably false. It's been on the fa a's website. Who said that? You No, I'm, it's on the website, the fa a's website. It was there in 2013. It was there for the entirety. Take what I read. It was there for the entirety of your administration too. So my question is, why didn't you change the policy during your first administration? I Did change it. I changed the Obama policy and we had a very good policy and then Biden came in and he changed it.


And then when I came in two days, three days ago, I signed a new order bringing it to the highest level of intelligence. Okay, it's on the website please. So Peter Alexander here, who's the C news correspondent, does exactly what you're supposed to do. Trump goes, holds his press conference, makes a series of claims that are demonstrably not true. He corrects him on it, Trump runs right over him. And I guess the question is, what value do you see in fact checking? Is it still an important part of journalism? Is it even possible when you have a president who you're an administration or even a political party right now who so are willing to ignore reality? Yeah, I mean, I guess, you know, as you know, I come from a slightly weird corner of the world and I never really liked the formalized fact checking.


Like I think journalist's job is to get the facts right and that you shouldn't outsource that to some other, often Facebook funded or whatever institution populated by 23 year olds who are learning how to do their jobs. But anyway, let me bracket that particular rant. No, I mean I think there's a level of, I mean the media, the news media is weaker than it used to be. They, it was weaker in 2016 than it thought it was. Maybe it realizes how weak it is now, but like what, what, I mean, I think there's some question of what's the, like we should get our facts right? We have a responsibility to our readers to tell them what's really going on. Are we going to disabuse trump's supporters of things that they believe or, or of things that maybe aren't really being received as facts, but more as political statements or as sort of, you know, like, you know, I don't, it doesn't, it doesn't seem like it, it doesn't seem like we're that those fact checks were changing a lot of minds or reaching a lot of people who were looking to have the facts checked.


And so I think that kind of formalized fact checking, like I, I mean I I'm not sure what it was doing in the ad. Like I, I guess I, like there's a, there's a fair amount of research on like media effect and media impact that, that like, none of us actually wind up looking at that much. But I think it's a of an interesting to ask, like, well, okay, like did this, Richard, did we do some focus groups where this then changed people's minds? And people came in thinking that one thing was happening and then what red factcheck.com and left thinking another thing was happening. Like I, I don't really see a lot of that. I do think like this is a real obvious case where there's a factual dispute. It is in fact those journalist job to resolve it and say what is true and for people who are looking for it to read the true thing. A lot of things that got fact checked were sometimes a little hazier.


Were sometimes more political disputes. Is immigration good for the economy? Like that's not really a fact. Checkable claim, that's an argument among economists. Yeah, I mean that was a, I mean even that's been a problem even in, in my days in government, the, like I would rage at my desk at the Washington Post fact checker for taking a sort of a statement of values or a statement of principle. Yeah. And then assigning some pinocchios to it because you could find yeah, a ki like you can nit pick in A way it's the d yeah, it's the most pedantic imaginable approach to politics. And I think sometimes kind of annoyed people and backfired in that way. But I think the broader question of, I mean I, you know, there is, I mean this is honestly often true with the first wave of people who come into government that like, they believe some things that are just not true about reality and about how government works.


And they come in with some things they, they've said on the campaign trail about, I mean I think you saw this in the Biden administration with the Saudis, frankly, like they had some views on Saudi Arabia that did not survive contact with reality and wound up being the Saudi's best friends. Just to, just to kinda like think about one Well that that's a, but like Yeah, I mean that's a slightly, to me that's slightly different One. But for instance, I was, I wrote about this guy named Darren Beatty, who's, who's gonna be in the stage department. Oh yeah. And it has some views on how like there were, they were trying to orchestrate color revolutions like Eastern European style, the pe the people who had orchestrated the color revolutions in Eastern Europe had come back here and were trying to orchestrate against Trump. Like at some level that's a factual claim. Like, do we think that happened? And he's, yeah. And, and I and I, I do think that they, they, I'm sort of more interested in some ways in people who are like arriving with Trump with a set of beliefs that may or not, may not like they, 'cause I think the one thing that people underestimate is a lot of the people who are saying things, they believe the things they're saying, some of it is nonsense.


Bannon I think often will just like tell, tell Narrat spin yarns whose details are not all true and doesn't believe all of them. But a lot of these folks like believe what they're saying. Like I think RFK mostly believes the things he says about vaccines. I mean, I I guess on a day-to-day basis as you cover politics or government or what everything in the world you're covering, like what do you, like what is your, what like she, what do you say to your reports is your task, right? Yeah. I mean I think, I mean, you know, I think we are trying to speak to a really informed audience that has to understand what's actually going on because they're encountering it in the world of business, economics, politics. I mean actually, you know, the business press often is more reliable than the political press.


'cause they're talking to people who have to make, you know, to have to trade stocks have to make decisions based on reality. So, and I, so I think, you know, obvi, so I, we obviously see that as our responsibility. We also, I mean I do think it's a moment when you sort of have to have, bring some humility as a journalist whether you like it or not. 'cause we ob the industry like we have less power than we did. And we definitely do try to do two specific things. And one is to try to say to readers, 'cause I do think people live in these deep information bubbles. And it's not that you necessarily believe the things that are being said on Fox News, but it is important if you're a listener of positive to probably know what they're talking about some of the time. Like what, like literally what Republican legislators are walking into the house with no idea what the democratic colleagues like, like read that morning.


And the Democrats have no idea what the Republicans were reading. And so we have this very popular feature called Blind Spot that's literally like, we're not trying to arbitrate the reality of this. Often these are true stories just with different emphasis. Totally different emphasis. But the Republicans are talking about some crime committed by an illegal immigrant in Colorado and the Democrats are talking about some just totally different story, right? And I think some level of just trying to say like this is giving a glimpse of the reality that the other side is living in is pretty useful. I mean, just act sort of actionably useful and, and sometimes I do think social media's a machine for taking the stupidest thing that your opponent said and elevate the stupidest version of the stupidest thing they think and constantly barraging you with it.


And there might, there might be someone in there who's actually making a reasonable case you could argue with, but it will be totally swept away in social media. And I think we do try to sort of el you know, to elevate the stronger arguments and to try to like create some space for reasonable disagreement. Because I think there's a fair amount of that too. Although there is also, as you say, like some like eroding shared factual basis around this for sure.


Path America is brought to you by stamps.com. We're in the news business here at Crooked Media, which means we gotta be flexible, we gotta cover things as they happen and we cannot let rigid schedules get in our way. That's why we love stamps.com. Flexibility in your workday means you can decide when and where to invest your time. Like focusing on the important parts of the business that only you can do with stamps.com. Tedious tasks like sending certified mail, invoices, checks or documents and packages can be done on your time, not someone else's. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable flexibility back into your workday. stamps.com handles all your mailing and shipping needs, wherever, whenever. Access all USPS and UPS services. You need to run your business right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with stamps.com mobile app. All you need is a computer and a printer. They even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard. No more tedious postage math rate advisor helps you calculate the best shipping rates fast, get rates you won't see anywhere else, like up to 88% off USPS and UPS have more flexibility in your life with stamps.com. Sign up@stamps.com and use the code crooked for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long term commitments or contracts. Just go to stamps.com and enter the code crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard? I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


I think the blind spot thing is very interesting because in my career in politics, one of the, the things that was a fundamental shift in how government and politics worked was the moment Republicans and Democrats stopped reading the same media. Yeah. Which probably happened about midway through the Obama years is for, you know, for like you, there were like the people would pretend like they were playing a part, right? Particularly in the, like around 2010 when the tea party took off. A lot of the republicans were sort of, they were appealing to the base. Yeah. But they were still reading the New York Times. Totally. They were still reading Politico, they were everything else. And so they, we were operating under the same set of reality, at least in a private negotiation. You were having a legislation. We all sort of agreed on the same reality, right.


About I would say midway through the Obama's, through Obama's second term kind of when Facebook became Republicans radicalized a little bit after Obama's reelection, Fox News became sort of more powerful. And then that the sort of right wing media ecosystem took off, sort of powered by Facebook that was like, so the Breitbart era daily caller right around 2014 is like we stopped having the same reality. We were having completely different conversations and it, it is like, so that speaks to governing and in politics it is this, the difference is has been that, and it's, I think this might be changing a little bit for better or for probably for worse, is that Democrats had a media diet that was primarily legacy media still where, so the New York Times was to NPR, maybe it would skew a little on the, the more left-leaning part of that legacy media diet.


But it was traditional media abiding by the Yeah. Rules of journalism as commonly understood. And the Republicans had shifted to something totally different that did not abide by and often sort of spat in the face of those rules. And that now we are fully in that moment where the Trump administration and rep and Republicans were at large, up and down. You know, it's not just in Washington, it's everywhere Our exists in this wholly other media ecosystem. And that media ecosystem is becoming much less clear to anyone else because it's not just, it's not like you, like yes, you could turn on Fox News and that would be a very good idiot's guide to what the right is thinking. But that's often, I think in this day and age kind of a lagging indicator of what's really bubbling up. Like are you, like, do you know what's happening on Rumble?


Are you watching, you know, are you listening to the Daily Wire or reading Barry Weiss or some of these other things that are Yeah. And that's, those are all Really affecting. Yeah, That's a very, I mean it's an incredibly fragmented system that you're describing. And I mean like right, like there's a big distance between Rumble and Barry Weiss. They're, these are all different things. I was think there are parts of it. I think that I was talking to a really prominent conservative podcaster who was saying that, you know, they spend a lot of their time complaining about the, you know, journalists and everything. They get wrong and then once in a while there'll be a holiday and they're like, where is the flow of news? And for me to talk about it's so annoying and it's like, oh, all the people I hate are like taking vacation with their kids. And so there's no fodder for me.


There's no like underlying information. I do think there's this question that, you know, gets kicked around sometimes. Actually Tuck Carlson founded the deli call to solve this. It did not. Which is that there's no real center right far right. Reporting apparatus or not much of one. Actually one of the things that distinguishes Breitbart from the others is they do some original reporting. Most of the places, a lot of the places that in, in that world, podcasters are really commentating and reacting and or reacting to things they've seen on social media, which really are often made up and there's like a lack of a kind of baseline of of yeah. I mean it would be healthy if, if if the Trump movement developed more reporting muscles.


Honestly, You've mentioned a couple times here that the media's weaker than it has been and maybe recognized its weakness. I think just to put that sort of in perspective, right? We had the 2024 election where the candidates interacted less with the media than at any point Trump did Famously with the legacy media, No interviews with a mainstream media organization for the last, you know, whatever it was month of the campaign Harris did historically. Few, they took few Harris took few questions from the, from the press then. And then you have just, you know, you have to cl you know, drop in cable, subscription, cable subscriptions, ratings, the economics, you know, sort of the Washington Post is losing money. It's just, it's the, we media's been weaker, is weaker at this point than it has been in any time.


And so I kind of like w at the same And on top of that sort of the credibility and the reach of the, of the legacy media is at is obviously at its nadir. Is it fair to wonder whether the right who's been raising a decades long war against the media has now won that war? Yeah, I, I think that, I mean I, yes, I think that's an, that's, that's a reasonable thing to say. Like what's the prize for winning that war? I'm not sure. I mean there's a couple just when you talk about trust, like the polling data here is worth looking at because it's interesting. And basically what you see is that like starting with Dan Rather actually all, all of the decline in trust in the is on is among Republicans. Like, but independents pretty flat. Democrats pretty flat.


And, but you see this decline starting with Dan rather in oh four Republican saying, but the Republicans start saying the media is too liberal. And then at some point the Trump years it flips from the media is too liberal to the media is making everything up. And that's a huge difference. And that's sort of what you're talking about. It used to be a shared reality in which Republicans complain about the refs sometimes justifiably to a situation in which they believe that the whole thing is made up. And that is a big shift. And then the final thing that is kind of dispiriting is the one place that trust media is eroding among Democrats is among young people. And that's happening pretty fast now. Yeah. And it, it's, they just, and This is gala Polling. I participate, right. And I, and I've done, and I was, I saw a lot of focus groups, a lot of research in how Gen Z gets their news.


And just the idea of going to a website to get news is like, would never, it doesn't even occur to them. The idea that you would turn on the television to watch news does not. And years, years Asked my daughter, you know, if she, if she knew about Huffington Post and she was like, oh, is that, is that something in Safari? Yeah, that's right. Just, I mean you, you wrote about this in your book and you've talked about it a lot of the interviews when you talking about a couple years ago. But is just the, and this, this is sort of where we, so you have, you have two things. You have lack of trust in media, which is a problem and, and growing among Democrats strictly among young people. Yeah. You have what I think is actually a distribution crisis in news, which is, you know, sort of the, yeah.


The short version history I always do is that if you were a person who was not a news junkie in the pre-internet era, you had to see the news some form of the news. You would bump into it organically. 'cause someone literally threw a newspaper at your door every morning. Or if, and you had to open that if you wanted to know when the movies were the baseball score, the weather, like something happened in your local town, you would s There you see headlines, right? If you wanted to know the news, you wanted to know the weather, the next day you had to turn on the six o'clock news and you would, and you would see news that way. And then we kind of, we moved from newspapers. I mean this has been your whole career. We sifted to, we can, we trained some group of people that they should go to www.nytimes.comorwww.politico.com in the morning at the same, like the same way you would grab a cup of coffee and read a Dead tree newspaper or you would grab a cup of coffee and, and pull up your laptop or your, if it was at a certain year or your iPad and you would look at a website and read the news that way.


Maybe the first thing you did at work right? Was you would sit down and read the news. Then social media came and we have like, we have a better plan. Facebook's gonna deliver the news to your phone and you're gonna see it. And even if you're just like scrolling through Yeah. For your, to look at pictures of your friend's kids or whatever else you do on Facebook. You have killing time in the grocery store, waiting in line. You would see some sort of news and then some point after 20 and Twitter just served the same function for a smaller group of people. Then around 20, sometime after 2020, that all fell apart. Right. And now it's like how do people get, like there is no distri there is no major distribution mechanism for legacy media to reach people who are not actively seeking it out.


Yeah. Right. That is the thing that has changed. I think that's a really good way to put it. I mean I would say, you know, that these things keep changing. Like it's is, I don't think it's reached a static point. I think that the thing that you described, which sounds incredibly disorienting and maddening, most people, most consumers hate. Like if you ask people like, Hey, do you think this is working for you? Do you like how you're getting your news? No, everybody hates it. And I think that's, I mean that was sort of what we were re reacting to in, in creating some before was like just why, and you know, why, why I left the times. Just this sense of like, oh there's actually an opportunity to like, like to not to respond to the fact that people feel totally disoriented, feel like they don't know what to trust and try to address that stuff directly. And I think, and I think you're seeing, so I think that, I mean ultimately we live in this very, very dynamic free market society in which consumers do even, even in news and news is sometimes a exception to that.


Like the tradition in news is if the consumers say We hate you in everything you're doing, we say fuck you, you're wrong. But, but I think there is this opportunity for both legacy and for new outlets just take pretty seriously how terrible the experience of consuming news is. And a lot of the pendulum swing is back to some of the older values. Like I think the reason that email newsletters are very popular is they actually are kind of print, like they've forced a kind of hierarchy of saying what's important. They force a kind of concision 'cause they're not infinite. And I think that's made them very popular. And I think so. So I guess I, I, I mean I'm obviously an optimist 'cause I wouldn't still be doing this stuff, but, but I, I do think that the current, the status quo in some ways is kind of untenable.


And the fragmentation commercially is extremely annoying too. Like how many substack do you wanna subscribe to? How many different streaming services are you gonna pay for? Like, and I think there's a very aggressive push and will be over the next couple years to reconsolidate that stuff. Like for better or for worse, but you'll have one subscription to newsletters, you'll have two streaming services, they'll all swallow each other. Again, that could be bad or that could be good, but I think that experience of just like absolute disorientation and fragmentation like is terrible and everyone knows it. And so there are a lot of opportunities to fix it. Yeah. The the question I think like, I, I agree with that. Like we are, we're sort of in a moment and it's, this is not, it's like you can do the, have the same conversation about, you know, just content services beyond news, right?


Like yeah, totally. Are you really gonna, are you gonna really pay for how many people, how many stream services are you gonna pay for? Yeah, exactly. You know, YouTube tv which has become very popular is basically just cable through the internet, right? Where, so like, it looks at the same format. So how are you gonna, like, is there a way to get back to it? But I wanted to sort of get back to the, the role of the media. 'cause it like, like we're like, you and I are like, right now, this conversation about distribution is about the business of media, right? Like how do you, because it ultimately you need readers to make money, whether that's gonna be subscriptions or adver or how you get ads in front of people, whatever, or whatever that is. Just, Just to stop you though, I, because I see where you, like I, I, I think I agree with where you're going, the extent to which all of everything we're talking about, the chaos, the disruption is all fundamentally driven by these huge technological shifts that we've been in business shifts.


Yeah, for sure. Like that is the underlying thing here. It's not little choices made by journalists here and there. No, no, no, no. I, I, I fundamentally agree with that. And it is, I mean, I think you can you point out a couple examples, you can point back at various choices made by people in the media. Like in the media you do two things. You do the business of media, like giving away your product for free on the internet for a few years, probably in hindsight, not, not the best move or, you know, optimizing a Facebook or whatever else. Like you can do, you can do some things. You can also point to some journalistic choices that have eroded trust fairly or unfairly, right? You pick the Dan rather just the entire coverage of the Iraq war in the run up to it. Yeah. That That is the biggest one.


Yeah. Yeah. But then you also also have cultural shifts that have happened, which isn't how young people think about news. Like what is one of the things you see when you do sort of focus groups of younger folks is they find more authority and more relatable a piece of content that looks like the conversation. You and I are having more than nine punts at an anchor desk for CNN. Yeah. Like that. Like when they think of news, it is, you know, people with headphones on, on a couch or around a table having a podcast or it's a streamer speaking, you know, doing a vertical video and that like, that is to them what tra like the sort of traditional image of Walter Cronkite or Dan Rather, or Brian Williams at the anchor desk is two previous generations. I mean, it's funny, we, on our podcast Mixed Signals, we interviewed Colin and Samir who were big, big YouTubers who think a lot about who sort of talk a lot and think about about YouTube.


And at one point I said to Samir, like, I mean, so when did you start thinking of yourself as a journalist? Like, how'd you get into journalism? And he was like, what? Don't call me that. That's offensive. Yes. Yeah. So yeah, I think it's a, and that, that was a pretty striking thing to me. It's a right, it's a very, it's a totally different ecosystem. We're gonna take a quick break, but before we do that, look, it pays me to self-promote like this, it truly does. But Crooked Media is offering a 30 day free trial of my newsletter, the message box. And I hope you'll consider signing up in the months ahead. I'll be breaking down how we got to this terrible place, exploring how Democrats can rebuild our coalition and strategizing about how we can take on the right wing media machine. I'll also be sharing specific ideas about how you can fight back against Donald Trumpet as minions, where to volunteer which campaigns matter most, and how to talk to the persuadable voters in your life about the threat.


Trump poses my most recent post lists, several things you can be doing right now in your personal capacity to fight back against Trump, Elon Musk, and the rest. You can sign up for the 30 day free trial at crooked.com/yes, we, dan. That's crooked.com/yes, we Dan


Positive America is brought to you by Zocdoc. When was the last time you needed to go to a doctor but you pushed it off? Made an excuse like, I'm too busy. It'll get better on its own. I don't know what doctor to go to. We have all been there. Booking a doctor's appointment can feel daunting, but thanks to Zocdoc, there's no reason to delay. They make it so easy to find and book a doctor who's right for you. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about booking in-network appointments with more than 100,000 doctors across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, primary care, to urgent care and more. You can filter for doctors who take your insurance are located nearby, are a good fit for any medical need you may have and are highly rated by verified patients. Once you find the right doctor, you can see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time slot that works for you and click to instantly book a visit. Appointments made through Zocdoc also happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. Stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zoc doc.com/crooked to find and instantly Book a top-rated doctor today, that's Z-O-C-D-O c.com/crooked zocdoc.com/crooked zocdoc.com/crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising. I just wanna get back sort of to the role that the media has played in sort of politics and public discourse.


'cause that that to me has been a fundamental shift is it was a measure of accountability. Let the bill, right, we called it the fourth state for a reason. You interacted with the media as a politician or a governmental entity because you, you know, for two reasons. One, you needed the media to get your message out. Like that was a fundamental thing. Like when I, if I was preparing Barack Obama for a press conference like, like Mike, the the fian bargain in my head is I'm gonna take a bunch of questions that are gonna be annoying, they're gonna be about the things that I know voters don't care about, but the price of that is the airwaves to get. It's the way I can get my message in front of people. And you would react to, you know, the media could, if they picked a thing that they were gonna, it was gonna become, the narrative could change government policy, right?


It would be, it would create such a firestorm that you would have to stop doing it or change course or whatever else I do Sort of question after watching this election, the first couple weeks of Trump, whether like, it seems like that role is so diminished as to be, is that the media becomes, maybe this is for better, not for worse from your perspective, but more ober almost entirely an observer and chronicler of the process opposed to a participant when it was a huge participant in politics for basically since the invention of the newspaper. Yeah, and I think, I mean, I don't think it's a binary thing, but obvi Yeah. But I think the media's role in being able to sort of set the agenda essentially is obviously diminished, you know, to some degree given over to whatever, like Anan on Twitter caught elon's eye this morning.


Like right now, that's what's drive, that's what you'll see on Fox tomorrow morning and in the White House the next day. Like that's, you know, is literally random people tweeting in Elon's replies. But, and, and, and I guess, yeah, and I think that the media can overplay its, you know, can overplay like I, yeah, I do have, I do have some ambivalence about that role. And we definitely, I think we are able, like se four has been able to build a lot of trust with Republicans and Democrats partly 'cause we do, we see our lane as narrower, right? Like we're trying to tell you what's going on and, and provide really good information, but not ultimately resolve the argument. That said, I mean I do think there, I do think that there's a long tradition of people in American politics who think they can shape reality.


I mean, Carl, there was a famous, was it Carl? Who was it in the, in the Bush adminis Carl. It was Carl Rove in the New York Times. In the New York Times Magazine. Yeah. It told Robert Draper that they were gonna shape, they didn't have to, they were, they, that they didn't have to be accountable to the reality based community anymore. And at some point journalism is the reality based community. Like the, like it's not like the power doesn't really ultimately come from, to me, like it comes from the fact that you're revealing things that are in fact true and the citizen voters that voters are gonna wind up having to react to. And I, and I don't think we've, I don't, I think that's, I think people kinda underestimate that that's really the power of it in the first place. I, I think the, what is reality is still reality, right? If let's say the Biden administration had been able to get a bunch of report you like, let's, let's inflation as an example, right?


It did not matter what the New York Times or CNN or semi for anyone else wrote about inflation. People still went to the grocery store and we're paying more for eggs, right? Or milk or whatever. Yeah. Like that. That is reality. The thing that is I think harder is people are less informed about what's happening now because it's harder to get news and that like you had this gigantic gap. Now we saw this in a bunch of the polling. There was NBC polling before Biden dropped out. You had navigate a research polling afterwards, which just shows that the biggest gap in politics is not left and right. It's news consumers and non news consumers. And you know, which does go to the irony, which I'm sure you might find quite sweet, that all the Democrats who've been screaming myself sometimes, including who've been screaming about New York Times headlines turned out to be the New York Times readers are the ones who were most likely to support Biden or Harris and the people who did not read the news.


It's not so, like you do just sort of have this question just to me, that chasm is grown so much larger really since 2020, I think. And how like, and that, that to me is a crisis for democracy, right? Like all this stuff you, you mentioned Elon 50 times as you should. It's like, it's one of the biggest stories in maybe in generations of American politics. We have the world's richest man possibly running Rashad over laws and rules and norms to just reshape government without any sort of accountability and how many people are actually consuming any of that, right? And how do you get that information to them and is that your job, I guess is the question? I mean, I mean those are the, those those are all really good questions.


I mean, I think, I mean, I guess I would say like, it's certainly nothing like the democracy that we grew up in, in the 20th century with, with a very kind of state unusually stable, unusually centrist media. It's a lot like 19th century American democracy, right? I mean, it's a lot like, and and I think that, you know, a kind of, there is something about what we're seeing is a kind of small d democratic media that's a, you know, an absolutely chaotic, hyper-partisan untrustworthy mess that is very embedded in the history of democracy. So, and I, so, and I don't, I'm not, I'm not saying that as a good thing, but I do think that like the, the kind of thing that we know that honestly by the beginnings of our careers was already in trouble.


The sort of broadcast, the, you know, the Walter Cronkite thing that was the blip, right? I mean, this is the norm. You talked to a lot of Republican structure, a lot of Democrats. Do you think republicans better understand this media environment than Democrats? I think that in this moment, after the election, everybody thinks that like, that the winning side figured it out and that the losers are morons and, and everybody is like gearing up to re fight the last war. And every CEO every politician is gonna be booking themselves onto a bunch of podcasts nobody listens to for the next four years. But that in fact, the cha that I think, and that, and then always the world changes faster than they expect.


Like I think we're headed back into a moment of consolidation basically. And that there's gonna be a recentralization of audiences and of content and that like some poor hapless congressional candidate is gonna spend 300 hours talking to podcasts. Nobody listens to, to no discernible effect. But also the Trump, which for the Trump years have, I mean, the consolidation of power in Washington is also really new in media, right? Like the extent to which media executives are obsessed with what the administration can do to hurt them. And it's true across business. We we're hosting this huge world economic summit here in April, and just the appetite of CEOs in America to get to Washington to figure out what is going on is really new.


Say a little bit more about what you, moving back to a more centralized media. I don't, I assume you don't mean ideologically. What do you mean by that? Oh, just that, you know, they, they, I mean it was technological there. If you needed a, for the late 20th century, you needed a broadcast tower or a printing press if you wanted to reach a lot of people. And not that many people had them. Spectrum was regulated. And so like, you really had this very cons, I mean, for technological reasons. Fundamentally, there were, as you said about distribution, the system was meant, and then, and then the business incentives of those were to sell mattresses to Republicans and to Democrats. And often that led to something that we look, we, that we romanticize actually a kind of centrist media, but it also did produce this kind of false consensus around Iraq, which as you say is part of why everybody lost trust in, in that kind of media.


But the fundamental change was technological, the splint in the fact that you didn't need these broadcast towers anymore. And so I, I just think it's hard to imagine going back to that and, and you know, there are out, like, we definitely see for readers part of the value is like, and think you do this too. You like, we can read everything so you don't have to and go out into the, put on the hazmat suit and go out into social media and find the interesting stuff, some of which is on weird Substack and a right wing podcast and some of which is in the New York Times and it's this very disorienting moment to be a media consumer. Yeah, I, that's one of the things that I think with like my media business hat on, is that the, one of the places where there is opportunity is basically curation.


Yeah. And that's And of what we Right. And it's, and you have to build trust with the, the audiences to trust you. And that that is like, for better or for worse, that trust is, you know, you can build brand trust as I'm sure as you're trying to do at se before, but it's often with people, with individuals. Totally. Yes. Yeah. Right. It's like I trust Joe Rogan to tell me what's happening. I trust Rale to tell me what's happening. I trust pot, save America, whoever else. And then, I mean, you've done that a little bit with some of your report reporters trying to lift them up, like Dave Weigel, like with his Yeah, we definitely are building around expert reporters on key beats in a way that in the old days you would just, you all cogs in the dispensable cogs in the Wall Street Journal machine. And now if you're Liz Hoffman on Wall Street or Burgess Everett in the Senate, like that's, you know, you, you trust a person.


I mean, it's a very, yeah, it's a very, it's a interesting time to be in this business for sure. Speaking, speaking of sort of that sort of curation role, I was thinking, I went back and read your first column as the New York Times media critic. Yeah. Which was claiming that your brand new employer of the New York Times had grown so successful that it was bad for business since then, the New York Times has become even bigger. Yeah. Even better read. And it's, you know, punitive competitors have become, have struggled mightily since then. Washington Post, most notably Wall Street Journal still does well, but has had layoffs, et cetera. And so, you know, where do you think the New York Times stands right now? Do you still believe it's bad for journalism?


I mean, I actually think it's scary for the New York Times. Like you don't wanna be the sole strong independent outlet in a kind of democracy where rule of law is a little shaky. Like that's a bad place to be and it would be healthier target media target. Do you have a target on you? Yeah, for sure. And it'd be healthier for the media ecosystem and healthier for the times and better for the leverage of journalists and their salary negotiations if there were lots of big competing outlets with sort of somewhat different outlooks on the world. Like, I mean, think that's just a healthier system and, and I don't know, I mean, I'm hopeful that a couple of other legacy outlets, the Wall Street Journal, maybe CNN could get their acts together and that long, long term places like the Washington Post can pull it out.


And then I do think there's a lot of, I mean, I do think that, again, if you go back to like, if you ask people, if you ask your listeners like, do you think this is all great and you're satisfied with what you're getting? Or do you want new stuff? Yeah, no. Yeah. People really are hungry for new ways of getting information for new voices, for somebody who will go out, as you say, and just like sort through all the lunacy for them. And so I think, I mean, I think there's, I mean, I think, you know, it's, we're in this moment of crazy transition and there'll be a bunch of new things too, but Yeah, no, I, I do think, I mean, I think it's in no one's interest to have one absolutely dominant defending company. I sort of feel like the New York Times has become Netflix for news where it's just, it's the place you go for every, it is replaced sort of the way Netflix has replaced television, right?


Yeah. You want, So does Netflix have taste, right? Like Netflix has the, the stuff that, that is targeted at conservative people in the middle of the country and the stuff that's targeted at liberal? Yeah. I mean they, They have everyth, they have everything. And New York Times obviously brings with it a brand that exists. Yeah. But It is political cultural laws. But right now, if, if I am just like, I wanna find out what is happening right now in this moment. Yep. My default place to go would just be the New York Times. Right. I know. Like it's 2005, right. Because for like for 10 years in the 15 years in the middle, Twitter would, where I got would I, where I would've gone to see that. Now you can't use social media for that. Like, you just can't ask the question of what is going on and have it answered. Yeah. You can't just open up Twitter and have it be at the top of your feed in the way it was before from a trusted, you know, a reporter or a news outlet you knew that had been verified by Twitter.


Yeah. And you wanna know what's going on and you wanna know what's more important than what else. Like you wanna know where on the page it is. Yeah. You want some hierarchy actually in the chaos. No, I mean it's, that's, I mean that's the opportunity that we see ourselves as running at for sure. But it's like right now, for a lot of people I think, who are sort of in the serious news consumer, it's like you wanna know what's happening in sports. Maybe you go to ES PN or maybe you go to the New York Times and read the Athletic Right. You wanna know how to cook something. You go there, you want to play, you want to play a game, you go there, you want to know what's happening, you go there, you want to know who's winning the Grammys. Yep. You open up the New York Times app and they are telling you as they come in where they are, it's just, it is like, it is such a dominant position in the ecosystem that it has.


It is re to me, I really feel like it has replaced the conglomerate of major news sources you were all getting from Twitter or Yeah. From Whatever it's replaced. You were The internet 10 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. It is the internet for news, right. In the way that Netflix is the internet for tv For TV and movies primarily. Yeah. And then you can get a bunch of stuff around the edges. But ultimately, yeah, no, I think that's, I think that's really true right now. But the, but I think Right. But we're also sort of in this moment when podcasts like this one, like when is this, is this a pod? Are we on video? Is it television? Is it a podcast? We're both, It's, it's, it's true. Like what's happening here, it's long form contact. Well, some people will be watching this on a big screen on YouTube and at some point somebody's gonna come and make us both wear makeup to do this.


So we like our skin looks less weird. Yeah. And then like, suddenly we're just like idiots and boxes screaming at each other just like cable and I, and I think like there's a really, really fast convergence happening between what we used to call podcasts and what we used to call television. And I don't quite know where that lands, but I think that's, people don't quite realize the speed at which that's happening and at which that's gonna be a kind of recentralized form of consumption. You see it on ES, espn Right. You see Pat McAfee out in the afternoons on ES, espn. It's like, what's happening here? Like one guy's head is bigger than the other guy's head. It is. I mean there is the conventions of television as we know it are coming down Yeah. Part in news particular. And it, it, and the things that people don't sort of realize and it who sort of, even like people even who work in journalism or who are in the communications field in politics or pr, whatever else is, there is still like a old world mentality that's hard to break out of because you're always people, like people, a lot of people are generationally like frozen in Amber.


And when they started in media, all of us, I think that's very true. Politicians, Every single one of us Is just, but I think some people, and I give you kind of this point, have, you know, you have been in different, you, you know, you were sort of, you were a tabloid reporter in the, in New York City. You were a blogger when blogs took off and sort of the wave became the Yeah. You've ridden the wave. I've tried to ride the wave as well, but like the, the facts that people don't sort of realize is one, the biggest podcasting platform in the world is not Spotify, it's YouTube. Right. And that a shocking, it would, the numbers of people who watch YouTube on their actual smart TV in their house shocks people that it's so many people.


Yeah. Would you like put on nicer clothes if you really thought about it? I Put on a, normally I'm wearing a t-shirt, I put on an actual Sweater. Yeah, that's very Nice. I would not have put on, I would not have put on a sport coat because this is, this is a podcast Or, But don't you think is this, it's not a funeral court, a funeral wedding or, or a, or a court date. So, But the but, but, but actually you're, you're also running a media business and like, don't, I mean, you must be thinking like, why don't you have like some hour of ms, why isn't Pod Save providing an hour to CNN or MSN BBC or something like, why are they paying these people way more than you would charge them to provide an hour of programming? Like, don't you see that stuff converging? I I think you can see that converging, whether how it converges, whether it can actually con like this, this has been the challenge for most media organizations.


You've, you've witnessed this is, it is truly was with the exception of the New York Times, it, there is not a good example of a previous legacy media organization that has made an actual transition to digital. Right. And it's just like they cannot do it. Some, you know, some like Politico start digitally, right? Like you had, like when you started there, there was an actual newspaper that people read over lunch at Capitol Hill, but it was a digital first publication. Yeah. And, but no one else can do it because they are, I mean it's to the great credit of the New York Times as from a business story of pulling that off, that people can't actually do it. ES ESP n is trying to do it and maybe they'll be successful with like Pat McAfee's an example of it.


Yeah. It is fucking hard. Yeah. The business is trying to do it. It is Right. It is incredibly hard, but it just seems to me that people are producing podcasters are producing shows that are more interesting than most of what's on tv. And they have big audience and big followings and they're doing it for like a tiny fraction of the cost of producing an hour of television and meanwhile television's running outta money. And just seems to me that set of factors means inevitably that I'm gonna like, you know, be in a dentist's office and see your face very soon. I, well, I hope not, not my face, but maybe some other face. But the, I there is a little of everything as old as new again, which is there for a long time. The thing ESPN ran all morning was just a video feed of ES ESPN radio shows. Yes. Because s ESPN radio was where the money was.


And so it was just like, you would just watch Mike and Mike every morning. Yeah. Yes. And Imus another example, I mean, Howard Stern Yeah. Is that there is, right, this is not a complicated business and so, and so what does that, but then like what does that mean for this super fragmented political landscape? I actually think means it gets a little less fragmented and that these kind of re coalesces around really, really big individual voices. Probably more than, I mean, I think like the Megan Kelly's of the world, like you guys, I mean, I think there's, there's sort of a reconsolidation around a relatively smaller number of really big voices. Well, it's like how you think of channels is different because it's not, it's not like a network channel. It is either a media network that is centered around a podcast like Crooked Media or Daily Wire or Alex Cooper's Unwell Network or whatever that you like because you, and that usually you're entering it because of the talent at the top and then that gives you entry into the other people.


But it just, it exists very differently. I think the, you asked me the question about like why not C-N-M-S-N-B-C? The thing that I watch, you know, I talk a lot of people in the progressive media space is the thing you have to be careful not to do is, is take your new thing and then just rebuild the failed model. Oh yeah. You see this in Substack a lot where there, you know, the economics of substack are great when you're small, when you're one person, when you start hiring a bunch of reporters and doing that, you get, you're right back to where you were before. Yeah. Which is, it becomes very hardest to support it. So how can you do something that is new and stays new? I think we are just like, this is the reason I wanna have this conversation with the u of all people today is we are just in a fascinating moment in media and politics is media, politics is the, is the war for attention.


Politics is the information war. And so these things interact in a way that are just sort of critically important too. And it's just, it's happening so fast. Like I used to say that when I left the White House in like 2015, that the period of time from when I went to work for Obama, which was before the iPhone came out to the time I left, when Facebook and Twitter and Snapchat were becoming dominant or was like the fastest period of change in media since the invention of the printing press. And I think, actually think now the change from when I left to now is greater than that. I think. Yeah. You were there for this almost very linear story. Like it felt like this rocket ship, but we could see where it was going and then at some point it just exploded. And the whole thing is, is It exploded and new and new things came.


Yeah. And the power of the legacy media changed dramatically because of technology, 'cause of economics, et cetera. Yeah. I think there's a big open question of whether this splintering new right wing media, like what becomes of it? Does it create its own New York Times or does it just continue to spend its time basically yelling about the New York Times? I think that's a really open question. Yeah. I mean it is like that, that is a, you know, and it's, and some of them are getting quite big, right? Like Yeah, but, and does it become boring just to be an attack dog for the people in power? Like to me like that's the most boring and demoralizing form of media to be an attack dog for power. And like that's, you know, if you worked really hard to get Donald Trump elected, that's, that's sort of what you've become.


And so, and so I think there's gonna be a question of who in the media just sticks with loyalty as their brand and who tries to, I mean as again, as Murdoch has establish sort of an independent voice and power base that is not just fealty to the, to the president. Yeah. It is a ecosystem grown in opposition that, you know, how it, having, having they are they the dog that caught the car and what do they do with that, I think is gonna be a big question going forward. It is gonna be really confusing to watch Yeah. For Us that, that is a good summary of where, where and be part of where we are in. Yeah. In the, in the media world. Ben Smith, thank you so much for this great conversation. It's always good to talk to you. Thanks For having me. Ade.


If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricut.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohen, Hailey Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv, and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard? I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What price they it like saving so much Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so. Styles and ions Vary by store.