Helix (0s):
Patte of America is brought to you by Helix. We love Helix. I think all of us have helix mattresses somewhere in our house and they're super comfortable. I have a guest mattress. Charlie has a helix mattress and you know they sleep soundly. Good for baby Macon, good for sleeping. All the above. Good for babies and baby Macon and babies, so, so how will you know which Helix Mattress works best for you and your body? Take the Helix sleep quiz and find out your perfect mattress. In under two minutes, I'm gonna spice up that quiz after they hear this ad. Yeah. Well what did you get on the Helix Sleep quiz. Did you get a, did you get a Don Luxe a plus? Because I wanted something that felt firm. I like a firm mattress. Yeah, I like a soft one. Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers helix kids mattress designed for growing bodies. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a hundred night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to helix sleep.com/cricut for 27% offsite wide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase, plus a free bedding bundle with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's helix sleep.com/cricut for 27% offsite wide. Plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase, plus a free bedding bundle with any lux or elite mattress order. This is their best offer, exclusive to our listeners and only available by visiting helix sleep.com/crooked.

Popeyes (1m 29s):
Hey Mike, glad you could join me for some great sefa. Me too. Wait, Why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes, to Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating US restaurants.

0 (2m 19s):
Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Fabre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, the Free Speech Warriors in the White House are kicking out media outlets that still call the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of Mexico. Elon Musk holds an Oval Office press conference where he admits that he and the Doge bags haven't quite gotten everything right while breaking our government and our laws. And while they brag about finding a few billion in cuts, we'll take a look at the trillions that Republicans in Congress want to cut from the budget in order to help pay for their $4.5 trillion tax cut for people like Elon and Trump. Then LUT sits down here in studio with Rohit Chopra, who Trump forced out as director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last week so that banks and credit card companies can go back to screwing us.

0 (3m 6s):
Great times, great times, but first big congrats to Bashar Alad and the measles for getting Tulsi Gabbard and RFK Junior confirmed as cabinet secretary. Big congrats to measles in the end. Every Republican senator but resistance hero Mitch McConnell voted yes on Gabbard and Kennedy. So rest assured that our health and national security are in good hands. Dan things also look good for cash. Patel, even though he was reportedly purging the FBI before even being confirmed. But the big news this week, at least according to a very excited President Trump, was his announcement of reciprocal tariffs.

0 (3m 51s):
He said this was the big one. This was the big one. He said, I had three great weeks, but this is the biggest one. Yet. He was asked about those tariffs after announcing them in the Oval Office. And here's part of the, the presser

4 (4m 4s):
And prices could go up somewhat short term, but prices will also go down. Would

5 (4m 8s):
You also direct agencies to study the impact they would have on prices in the us?

4 (4m 14s):
No, there's nothing to study. There's nothing to study. It's gonna go well. The United States is gonna become a very, very strong economic, economically country. Yeah.

0 (4m 23s):
Prices could go up, prices could go down, eh, there's nothing to study, don't worry about it. So an announcement that lots of shit we buy is about to be more expensive. Just a few days after we learned that inflation is rising again, the biggest one month jump since August of 2023. What do you think Dan? Promises made, promises kept.

6 (4m 46s):
Yeah, it seems great. Seems like thing is going exactly as planned. I mean, it is noted that Trump went to the, at the convention declared that the inflation crisis would end immediately. Inflation has gone up. He is doing things to raise prices and that's even before we get into the potential impacts of his mass deportation plan, what a giant tax cut that overwhelmingly benefits corporations in the wealthy would do. And I think it is just worth for, we're like living this in truly insane time. We're gonna talk about a lot of the really insane, dangerous, and dumb things that are happening over the course of this podcast. But it's also possible that politics really hasn't changed that much. And Donald Trump simply won the presidency because people were really mad at the incumbent administration 'cause prices were too high.

6 (5m 27s):
And now Donald Trump is the incumbent administration and people are still mad. The prices are are too high. And instead of trying to address that as he promised he would do, he is doing things would actually exacerbate the crisis. And so we will find out soon enough whether political gravity is a thing that still exists.

0 (5m 42s):
Yeah, I mean you mentioned that people still think that prices are too high. On Tuesday show, we talked about the CBS poll that showed 66% of voters think that Trump is not doing enough to focus on prices. Echelon Insights, which is a, a Republican run polling firm, they just came out with their latest poll right before we started recording. 43% of voters said Cost of living is either the biggest or second biggest issue facing the country. And the next closest issue was immigration at 29%. And then political corruption at 23% seems like there's plenty of that these days, but number one, 43% are still concerned about the cost of living.

0 (6m 25s):
So no, it wasn't vibes, no, it wasn't just in people's heads. It was a real concern about prices throughout the Biden administration. A real concern about costs. And people are still concerned that Donald Trump is not focusing on costs. And now these reciprocal tariffs, which is basically any country that has levied a tariff on our goods, now we're levying tariffs on any goods that are imported from them. But again, tariffs are charged to the US companies that are importing the goods. And then the companies pass on the price increases to us. So we will be paying more. It's like someone said, it's like we're shooting ourselves in the foot for other countries shooting themselves in the foot.

0 (7m 7s):
That's what a reciprocal tariff.

6 (7m 9s):
The other thing about this that is notable is because inflation went back up again, the Fed is now less likely to and highly unlikely to cut interest rates again, which we tr often treat interest rates and inflation as two separate, but related things when they're actually for the voter. The same thing, right? If interest rates stay up, credit cards are more expensive. Buying cars is more expensive. Getting a home loan is more expensive. Your costs are more expensive, but you're locked into your homes. And so Trump, maybe he will just fire the Fed share against the law. He will bully him into lowering interest rates. But in a world in which he is not demonstrating to the Fed that he is trying to bring down inflation, he is going to make his own situation worse.

6 (7m 52s):
'cause they are not, they're gonna feel like Trump is an untrustworthy partner in this or an unreliable partner and are therefore gonna keep, they're gonna keep interest rates high for a much longer period of time.

0 (8m 1s):
And again, you know, we're gonna talk about the, the Congress moving, trying to move Trump's legislative agenda, which is just a giant tax cut. And that tax cut is not primarily for most people in this country who are concerned about inflation, most of the tax cuts are going to billionaires, big corporations, the wealthiest people, and or you know, he's got his no tax on tips thing if that gets through. That I guess is if, if you are, if you are in the restaurant industry, right, or if you get, if you work on tips right? Anywhere, then that helps you. But there's nothing else in that, in that agenda for, for middle class people. In fact, there's a lot of cuts coming to healthcare and education that are gonna hurt middle class people.

0 (8m 44s):
Something to watch, certainly something to watch. Any comment on the confirmations on Gabbard and Kennedy going through, I know you wrote a message box Thursday morning about what we can learn from the, the Gabbard vote.

6 (8m 56s):
Yeah, I mean it is deeply alarming that we have an anti-vaccine conspiracy theorist at the head of our healthcare system. And a, you know, someone who has played FTSE with Bashar al-Assad and Putin and has also embraced all kinds of conspiracy theories in charge of our intelligence agencies. Like that is a, just like if you had told people six months ago that that's how this was gonna end, people would've laughed at you. Right? It would, people would've treated it as, you know, liberal M-S-N-B-C, positive America stereo to suggest such crazy things. And I look, I just, I think as it relates to the Republican party, and I this is particularly true of the Gabbard confirmation, but also true of the RFK junior one as well, is that the, the fact that every Republican except Mitch McConnell voted for these folks is proof that the Republican Party as an independent entity is dead.

6 (9m 49s):
It is now just a vehicle for Trump's whims and desires. They have no independent policy positions, right? They just confirmed someone who spent the most of their life being pro-choice to be in charge of the healthcare system. They just confirmed someone who is the closest person to Russia in the United States Congress when they were there to be the head of the, the intelligence agencies. And like, this is different than what it was before. In, if you remember, in 2017, the Republican House and Senate passed a bill to keep Trump from taking sanctions off of Russia. Right? When in this pa in during the Biden administration when, when a bunch of Trump's allies at the behest of Trump wanted to get rid of funding for Ukraine.

6 (10m 31s):
It was the Republican Senate who stopped them. And now it's just like, we will do whatever they want. And even on foreign policy, the one place they had held the line over the years, and it's just like this is the end of it, of the party as, as an actual entity that will survive Trump. And they gave it all up for nothing more than avoiding a primary challenge in the next election. 'cause that's how, you know, that's what this is about because Mitch McConnell is, is almost certainly retiring now. And so he's the only one who feels like he can, he can vote his conscience without suffering the repercussions because he's immune from them.

0 (11m 3s):
I don't really get what Murkowski and Collins were doing on these though. Either. They, they ba their statements are basically like, well, I got assurances from them and they've put my, you know, that both nominees sort of like put our concerns to rest. So I guess we'll just trust them. And I guess that means that Collins is, maybe Collins is worried about a primary challenge. So I guess that means she's probab she's thinking about running again and not retiring, though she could very well retire. She's old enough. And Murkowski too, like I just, I I the credulousness

6 (11m 31s):
I just can understand none of them believe it. Not a single one of them. Like maybe like Tommy Tuberville believes this bullshit. Yeah. But if you gave truth serum to the Republican Senate caucus, overwhelmingly they would say it was fucking insane to confirm Tulsi Gabbard for this job, that it was an ridiculously irresponsible to confirm R fk unit for this job. They all believe that, but they won't do it. And what's, I think this is really interesting about Trump's brand of politics is normally if you don't need the votes, and they weren't gonna need every single Republican this time, you let people take a walk on a tough vote, right? Yeah. Particularly someone like Susan Collins who is in a blue state, like give her a chance. They don't need her vote to pass to confirm either these people let her vote the other way so she can show her, you know, her brand of independence or whatever else.

6 (12m 17s):
But Trump does not do that. He makes you, everything's a loyalty test, right? You have to walk across the hot coals for him, even at your own peril. And you do it because he is so vengeful, he's so petty that you don't even know what he could do. He and his allies could unleash upon you if you vote. And like that says just how sort of perverted the political incentive structure has become under Trump.

0 (12m 42s):
Yeah, no, it's, I mean this what happens in authoritarian government, like it's just exactly that, right? Like he's got the, the whole, the party belongs to him and they are scared of him, scared of both like their professional careers and in some cases people are literally scared of death threats. So, I mean, it's, it's wild. It was another big week for chancellor Elon Musk who held his first Oval Office press conference while two fidgety toddlers looked on impatiently Elon's 4-year-old son and his 78-year-old boss, Donald Trump, Elon d droned on about Doge in a, it's like a weird rambling monologue that did include one newsworthy admission.

0 (13m 22s):
Some

7 (13m 22s):
Of the things that I say will be incorrect and, and should be corrected. So nobody's gonna bat a thousand.

0 (13m 28s):
Oh well nevertheless, you know, and sure enough, sure enough, many things he has said over the last several weeks and months have been incorrect. Here's a real doozy from this week. The Justice Department had to admit in a court filing that one of Musk's Doge bags didn't just have read only access to tre's payment system, but was accidentally given full access accidentally. So all this time that, that Elon and Doge were like, no, no, no, they only had read only access, no big deal. And then the Justice Department, of course believes that, and then they file in court and then suddenly the Justice Department talks to treasury talks to Eli.

0 (14m 9s):
Oh shit, whoops, our bad. So that happened. Doge is also, at least so far, having a, a rough go at it in court. They've been kicked out of the treasury payment system. The federal funding freeze has been temporarily blocked. And the gutting of U-S-A-I-D and the National Institutes of Health have been temporarily blocked as well. What'd you make of Elon's? A weird oval presser and, and all the latest Doge news.

6 (14m 36s):
I have so many questions about the press conference. So many questions. How did it happen? Why is he like, why was he there? Why was his child there? Why was he dressed like that? Why was he wearing a hat? Yeah. He had on a hat his and

0 (14m 50s):
Some sort of over let's make, that's his Make America great hat, but it's in implied

6 (14m 53s):
The dark, the dark maga hat. It's the dark that, you know, because he replied to your tweet this morning,

0 (14m 57s):
He did reply to my tweet. Yeah, no, he is about the, the story that the State Department looked like they wanted to buy like a couple hundred million dollars worth of Tesla armed Tesla trucks. But apparently it was a request made in the Biden administration and it was to armor maybe electric vehicles that they already had. But then someone in the State department, once it was reported, changed it and erased Tesla so they would get in trouble and just made it like it's the whole thing. Yeah. But Elon wanted to tell me that it was fake news. So there you go. Both.

6 (15m 33s):
Congratulations on reaching this boss level of clout you now have and can't wait for K Patel to come crashing through the crook media.

0 (15m 42s):
Yeah, I was say, I don't necessarily wanna be on that radar screen, but

6 (15m 45s):
The, the key, if you're a mo the key to not getting whacked is keeping your head in the hole. So there you go.

0 (15m 51s):
So much for that.

6 (15m 52s):
I look, I think the whole thing was ridiculous. It was strange. It was in terminally long and incredibly awkward. Yes. I mean, it just incr it just, it, it is in many ways just sort of like a, a metaphor for what the Trump presidents have been. Trump is just sitting there quietly while Elon Musk holds court and sort of runs the government.

0 (16m 10s):
Though I will say though, that he was sitting quietly, even like, surprisingly quietly for Trump. But you know, we've all watched Trump enough now for the last however many years, decade he looked like alternately sort of annoyed and kind of like, come on, hurry it up. He had to like interject once in a while. He was like, and tell them what you found. Tell them what you, your team found. Like he was, you could tell, I don't know if Trump's gonna let that happen again.

6 (16m 34s):
No, he was, he was also trapped 'cause he was sitting down, right? So it was like he really was in like this terrible position where he could not get up from where he was without, I guess. I mean just, it was very, it was like a strange thing I like for people. Like you and I, we watched the whole thing. It seems like it should be a disaster for everyone involved. Elon seems strange and weird and incorrect and Trump looked, you know, Trump is being basically told to shush his mouth by a, by a small child. All kinds of weird things are happening and it's like, ah, what a clown show. But I do, it's worth like just stepping back and recognizing that this does fit within Trump's strategy the first few weeks, which is just grab all the attention all the time.

6 (17m 18s):
And this dominated attention. The cable news covered it the whole time. Just went live for this whole thing. The, it led the network news that night. Now I, no one should really give a lot of shits about what leads to network news these days or goes live on cable, but 'cause more, but more importantly, it became like a moment online. It was a thing that broke through. It wa became this topic of conversation. It was immediately mummified and there were all these memes going around about, you know, with Elon, with his kid around on his shoulders as he answering the questions. And I'm not sure to the extent that the public consumed any of it. And they're probably at most just like glancing by it or seeing moments on TikTok or Instagram or whatever else.

6 (17m 59s):
It is just sort of like this political outsider who's such an outsider who is dressed like a weirdo in the old office office with his kiddo on his shoulders defending his efforts to cut government and get rid of waste. And that's not in itself totally bad. It's just, I just think as we look at all these things, it's just another reminder that in this day and age, the quantity of attention is more important than the quality. And this was a massive quantity of attention.

Bombas (18m 33s):
Hot save of America is brought to you by Bombas. Well it's officially too cold to do anything. The upside you can cocoon yourself in bombas, socks, slippers, and underwear all winter long. The secret is in their fabrics, we're talking about the good stuff like Marino wool, which feels as cozy as a ski lodge. But if you wanna brave the cold on the slopes or on a snowy run, Bombas has athletic socks built for that too. Bombas also knows little things really do make a big difference. So they removed all the itchy tags, fixed that annoying to seam and perfected the fit of everything. No more socks that slipped down or underwear that rides up. I hate the itchy tags and the seam. The seam really sucks toe. They even have slippers, which is nice. It's always good to have some slippers in the winter, but it doesn't matter which Bombas you get because every Bombas item gives back for every item you purchase, Bombas will donate another item to someone facing homelessness. Really, they've donated over 150 million items thanks to purchases like yours. And if for some reason you're not a fan of what you get, don't worry. 'cause they have a hundred percent happiness guarantee that covers free exchanges and returns too. We love Bombas. Everyone in our house has a different pair of Bombas socks. They're great socks, they look cool and they're super comfy. So try bombas now. Head over to bombas.com/cricket and use code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/crooked code crooked at checkout.

Instagram (19m 47s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, buckle op, good job, new Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the contents they can see.

0 (20m 6s):
So, you know, you raise a, a debate that's been going around in democratic circles and it's like, what do people really think of Elon and how do we talk about Doge and cutting government knowing that people do want to, you know, get rid of government waste, but maybe what Elon's doing isn't so popular and he's not so popular. So I got some more data from Echelon on this right before we recorded. Trump's approval is at 52 46, right? So he is still above water. Elon's approval is 43 50. So he is underwater. They asked what you think about Elon's role in government right now.

0 (20m 47s):
Only 40% approved, 51% disapprove. So that's underwater. Then they asked two questions. One, Elon is right to try and fix broken DC bureaucracies that waste hundreds of billions of dollars and spend taxpayer money on radical ideologies that most Americans don't agree with. Do agree or disagree. And it was 50 agree, 42 disagree. Then they did a statement, Elon is wrong to dismantle vital aid programs and other agencies when he wasn't elected and has no expertise in government. And people agree with that statement, 57, 43. And then they asked which of those statements do you agree more with? And by 50 to 44 people agreed with Elon is wrong to be doing this and not.

0 (21m 28s):
Right. So it's a, it's a, you know, one indicator, one poll, but it's an early indicator that like a, it tells you I think, how to talk about this, but b, that that, you know, while people don't like bloated government and do like cutting waste, they are not super excited about the way that Elon has gone about it.

6 (21m 47s):
The way I think to read that poll is that Elon is actually a drag on what would be an otherwise more popular effort.

0 (21m 54s):
Yes, I

6 (21m 54s):
Totally, 'cause you can only get to 50 on the idea of getting rid of bloat in waste in government because Elon's name's attached. It's 'cause if you send the world's richest man into government to who has, you know, billions of dollars in government contracts to manage federal spending, that seems pretty sketchy to just about any person. And so it, like, it's just there, like there is this secondary debate about how much we focus on Elon, how much we focus on Trump. I think there's real advantage. I focus on Elon and I, I think I've been sort of playing with like a little, not a message per se, right? Not a slogan, but like a, a framework to think about how to describe what's happening in the Trump administration, particularly as it relates to Doge.

6 (22m 35s):
Because there is, how you talk about this does matter somewhat, but is to focus is to center the, like the two themes of the Trump presidency to date are chaos and corruption. And I think if you, the way to get into the Doge stuff is yes, talk about all the vital programs that are being and be specific about what they're, but it's also just pure fucking chaos, right? There's a story, I think it was in the times about this school that's been, has this federal grant to get a, to get new school buses. And they've, they're like, they've made four of the five payments, but they didn't withdraw the fifth payment before Trump was sworn in and now they can't get the school bus. Yeah, right

0 (23m 10s):
Now they're gonna have to, now they're gonna have to pay out of their own budget for the school buses, even though they were promised the money and now they can't hire the new teachers they needed. It's just

6 (23m 16s):
Like, you know, just a very close friend of mine who works in education just doing consulting for school districts, a bunch of her, you know, these, these are like long-term grants. So they've been working with these school districts on like teacher accreditation and teacher training for years. Just all gone two days ago just in the middle of the program. Right? Just like, I mean they're working through, like you're halfway through. It's one thing to stop new money from going out the door, right? Or looking at not, I don't mean like the fifth of the seven payments, but to say here are the new grant applications that have come in since Trump was president or it is time to renew the grant. And then you can, you, the voters voted for you.

6 (23m 57s):
You can put a put within all legal frameworks, you ideological framework on what kind of grant should get approved, but you stop things in the middle. Right? I mean, you guys talked a lot about what's happening to the folks in U-S-A-U-S-A-I-D who just, but just it's pure chaos. It's wrecking chaos in people's lives. And then you have the fact that you have on top of that the world's richest man doing it while he is cutting agencies that are regulating his businesses,

0 (24m 25s):
I know

6 (24m 26s):
Is just like that that is what everyone hates about politics, right? It is the cynicism that drove many of them to vote for Trump. And it could be the cynicism that caused and the rightfully well earned cynicism about government in this case that causes them to go the other direction.

0 (24m 39s):
Well, and to your point about like Elon being a drag on Doge or on the, the effort Echelon did like a battery of approval disapproval on various public figures and agencies. The least popular in the whole list was Elon, by the way. Yeah. Which was great. Doge was at 39, 33, approve, disapprove, so like slightly above water for Doge, but Elon was very much underwater. Yeah. And then even U-S-A-I-D was was 39 28 approve. And so I know everyone says that everyone hates foreign aid and it's bad and stuff like that. But I do think that it's been in the news. I I my guess would be it has been in the news so much that, you know, people are sort of hearing stories about the, the funding, the humanitarian assistance that's gotten cut and it's not as unpopular as foreign aid might usually be in a poll.

6 (25m 29s):
Yeah. It's ref it's reflexive partisanship. Right? This is the same, the same impulse that caused in 2017 Democrats become huge fans of the New York Times has caused us to become huge fans of U-S-A-I-D. Right. It's like Trump's against it. It must be good.

0 (25m 44s):
Yeah, no, that makes

6 (25m 45s):
Sense. And I would say actually in the long run for the world, one half of America's two parties becoming, you know, full throated advocates for humanitarian assistance is more valuable. That's good than subsidizing word acquisitions at the New York Times. Wow. Was that harsh? You

0 (26m 1s):
Really? I just like that you really swerve to hit that. That was what I, that's what I enjoyed.

6 (26m 5s):
That was, I didn't even plan that. That was just like came naturally. I don't know why.

0 (26m 10s):
Before we move on from Elon, did you see that weird ass photo of Elon? So, so Prime Minister Modi of India is in DC I think he's like doing a a a a presser with Trump probably as we

6 (26m 23s):
Record Yeah. Know what he's doing. He's got a meeting, a bilateral Trump today.

0 (26m 27s):
He also though met with Elon Musk and there's a picture of Elon shaking his hand, sitting down, shaking his hand like Elon's the fucking president. And then it's also very funny because like when you zoom out, it looks like a traditional buyout with like all of Modi's staffers and officials from India on one side and then on the other side it's just like a couple kids. Elon's Yeah, a couple of Elon's kids.

6 (26m 48s):
It's several of Elon's kids. Yes. There was this funny line in one of the stories. It was like Modi had this, you know, obviously all of his staff and it said Elon was only accompanied by this woman who's a longtime lieutenant and the mother of three of his children. So I was like, that's who came.

0 (27m 3s):
It's also just, and Trump has asked about it in, in the, this is really important press conference that he, that he did and there and, and they're like, oh, do you know Elon met with Modi? And he is like, not, no, I was not really aware. And he's like, well, do you know why he met with them? He is like, well I assume he, I assume he wants to do business in India. Like I do, do you know about what you, like he had, he had no clue. He was like, yeah, I assume he wants to do business.

6 (27m 25s):
I would, I would really like some real reporting. You know, especially we came from those world people. I just said, I just unfairly attacked. But about how the meeting came to be, right? It had, when you look at the picture that is the classic state department set up for a bilateral meeting. Whether, you know, if I know if the Secretary of State is traveling abroad or even like a a a more, a lower government official is is traveling abroad as an official representative of something. It's always that, right? It's the flags, the chairs, the handshake. And so was that set up? Like who booked that, who talked to Modi? Who did the, who in the White House signed off on it? I mean, I mean this is small pennies, but I assume that's all State department stuff that was put together for that meeting, right?

6 (28m 11s):
Like just how did that happen? And just the fact that tr that Trump just acknowledged in that q and a that Elon was doing this 'cause he wants to do business in India, which he definitely does. And that Trump had no problem with Elon using his special government employee status to get meetings with foreign leaders in places where he wanted to do business. Like that gets to the, like we just did the chaos part of the equation I wanted to get to this is the corruption part.

0 (28m 35s):
It's just unbelievable. It's like, yeah, easy. Elon Musk, he gets to meet with all the people that President Trump gets to meet with only for him. It's purely financial.

6 (28m 44s):
It's great. There's this, it really is like pre White House fantasy camp. You know, it's like these people, it's those people who pay like a ton of money to go to Duke basket of basketball program like grown, grown adults and like put on the uniform and they run out through Cameron and they go to a practice with Coach K back in the day. And it's like, this is the same thing of like, he spent a quarter of a billion dollars of his own money and he gets to play per 10 president with some actual real authorities for his as long as he wants.

0 (29m 13s):
And he gets to break government and he gets to make sure that his friends and his allies, I mean, Trump's thing too, his companies, every, everyone's friends allies, ideological allies, they get, they get stuff right. They're, they're taken care of for now and then everyone else, yeah, go fuck yourselves. One outlet that was not in attendance at the Oval Office, presser or any White House press availabilities this week, the associated press. Why? Because the AP refuses to use Trump's preferred name for, for the Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf of America, even though the body of water doesn't belong to America, the AP put out a statement on Tuesday calling the ban alarming and a plain violation of the First Amendment.

0 (29m 53s):
This comes after Trump's lawsuits against A, B, C and CBS. And as Trump's new FCC commissioner Brendan Carr has launched investigations into N-P-R-P-B-S and now NBC Universal for of course DEI Carr said in a statement on Wednesday, I would encourage any business that wants the FCC to approve a deal to end any invidious forms of DEI discrimination with all deliberate speed. I don't know if I, I've never heard the word Nvidia before. Have you?

6 (30m 24s):
I mean, it's kind of a awkward thing to say.

0 (30m 26s):
Oh, it was, it was, it, was it Wordle? No,

6 (30m 29s):
No, no. Too many letters for Wordle. But I I I have heard it but I certainly couldn't spell it and I'm not sure I could, I could maybe win a multiple choice question on what it means. But kudos to Brendan Carr for using it

0 (30m 43s):
And, and kudos to him for nothing else. What what, what do you make of all this? All the, the, the AP thing, the FCC investigations. I mean, you know, he's got, they gone have, they wouldn't after a, a local radio station in your hometown here of San Francisco just for reporting on ICE raids.

6 (31m 0s):
It is very scary. It is quite scary. This is in all of the major Supreme Court cases on free speech over the years. The ultimate time when, when the reasons they ultimately put real limits on what the government can do, whether, whether it's on New York Times versus Sullivan, whether it's on the online decency Act when they, whether it's stuff that was done in, you know, in the anti-communist push at points in our history. It's because government action has a chilling effect on free speech. And that's exactly what's happening with the San Francisco radio station because the government has unlimited power and unlimited money. So if you're a local radio station, a local newspaper, an individual, you know, reporter, you know, who just like works has their own newsletter or whatever else, you have to think very carefully about what you say and what you do.

6 (31m 55s):
Because if you become one of the, the targets of one of these attacks, you don't have the resources to fight back. You will be bankrupted in this process. And then on the other end, you have this with the FCC, with the threat about DEI from Brendan cars, you know, Nvidia or not, is you have all of these businesses, these large corporate entities of which journalism is usually a money losing part of it or a, or it's not at least not a part of their revenue future. And they are making decisions about the larger company that's affecting the journalism of the entity there. And that, you know, we, there is this whole thing about whether Paramount, which has a merger before the FCC is going to settle this ridiculous lawsuit for 60 minutes just as a way to ensure that they can get their merger greenlit by the FCC.

6 (32m 47s):
It's like it leaders also. And then, and then just, sorry, the other thing I say is just like that is very, very real. I'm always torn, like it is insane that the White House is so petty that they're not gonna let the AP in 'cause they won't give Trump's fake name to something real. You know, and it's like, is that, you know, it's sort of like we, the way and sometimes the press over states or overreacts to smaller things and claims it's anti free speech. Like the way people treated a Barack Obama not doing enough press conferences was, or not taking enough questions on the rope line as it as, you know, the end of the, the end of the free press. You know, or when Jim Acosta lost his White House badge briefly.

6 (33m 27s):
But these things like doing, trying to bully the AP has an impact on what others will do. And I think it's, it is quite concerning.

0 (33m 36s):
Well, I mean, just look at how many times Donald Trump, since he's become president again, has gone and taken questions from the press. Right. Which is a lot of times, yeah. And in some of those instances, and we've talked about them on the show, people have asked a challenging question or critical question of Trump. Like if you get to the point where they kick out the ap they kick out all the legacy media outlets or all the outlets that they think might ask difficult questions and all you get is just fawning questions from Newsmax and OAN and, and you know, the ruthless podcast and all the other fucking idiots that they led into the briefing room. Now if that's all the questions that we get, then it's gonna just sound like North Korean television.

6 (34m 16s):
Yeah. It's like this is a, this is like a longer conversation about the differences between press access and press freedom.

0 (34m 22s):
Yeah.

6 (34m 22s):
Right. And you know, and I think Caroline Levitt, the Trump Press secretary said the AP doesn't have a right to cover these events, right? Because ultimately what the freedom of the press is about is the government cannot stop you from printing what you wanna print.

0 (34m 37s):
Right.

6 (34m 37s):
But it is like democracy suffers when there is not press access. Yes, there is less transparency, there's less scrutiny. And you know, we've already saw this in the Pentagon where it's not that Pete Seth is keeping out mainstream press, but he has kicked the mainstream press outta their offices and allowed a bunch of ideological allies to come in and sit and cover those places. And that's just, it's all like you. This is the same thing. The point you made earlier is this is what happens in authoritarian regimes like it is slowly over time the very tired metaphor of the frog getting boiled. But the, the water is boiling and you can see it happening.

ARMRA (35m 23s):
Pod Save America is brought to you by armor colostrum. Everyone's looking for ways to be healthier and stave off winter illnesses. Give your immunity and gut health their best chance with arm colostrum. Discover the transformational health benefits of arm colostrum that have earned tens of thousands of five star reviews. Probiotics and other supplements are touted as a gut health solution. But most products on the market are dead before they even reach your gut armor. Colostrum naturally fortifies your entire gut wall system and optimizes your whole body microbiome, which helps guard against irritants that can trigger digestive issues and compromise your immune system. Research has shown that colostrum helps to enhance nutrient absorption. Armor colostrum can help stabilize blood sugar levels, modulate hormones and ignite your metabolism. This enhanced nutrient absorption has been a closely guarded secret of elite athletes. No more colostrum has been shown to promote lean muscle building and fuel cellular repair regeneration to fuel better performance and faster recovery. Colostrum bioactives have also been shown to reactivate hair follicle stem cells and activate collagen production, promoting hair growth and enhancing skin radiance. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/cricut or enter crooked to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/crook.

Instagram (36m 40s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts a new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, buckle op, good job. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.

0 (36m 59s):
Let's talk about Congress, which apparently is, is still a branch of government. I guess Republicans have begun their attempt to pass Trump's legislative agenda and the cuts they want make what Doge is doing seem like couch money. The house's budget proposal would cut at least $1.5 trillion in healthcare education, food assistance, and other spending in order to help pay for a small portion of the $4.5 trillion. Republicans wanna spend on tax cuts, which would mostly benefit the biggest companies and billionaires like Elon Musk, Donald Trump, and most of the cabinet. And since they're not paying for all those tax cuts, they also wanna raise the debt limit by $4 trillion.

0 (37m 40s):
This seems like it should be a huge political problem for Trump and the Republicans, but what do you think and how do you think Democrats should make sure that's the case?

6 (37m 51s):
It is a huge political problem for Trump and the Republicans. This is the exact rhythm of Republican governance since Reagan run on reducing the deficit and government being too large, getting an office and then having to actually make the cuts and having the public turn on you very quickly for doing so. Getting boot booted out, getting Democrats in office, rinse, repeat. And you know, I think this is, and for Trump, this is particularly dangerous 'cause unlike all those other Republicans, he didn't run on any of this. Like that was one thing Elon kept saying in the, in the weird press white of office pressor was the public voted for this public vote for this. The public did not vote for this. This is not what Trump ran on. He did not run on cutting spending.

6 (38m 34s):
He ran as Pap Buchanan and he is now governing like Paul Ryan. Like this is exactly, this is, he has lost touch with what, he's not a populist anymore. This is not a populist agenda. This is very unpopular stuff. And let's just take Medicaid for instance. Navigator research had a pull out in late January. 81% of voters oppose cuts to Medicaid. 75% of Republicans oppose cuts to Medicaid. This is incredibly unpopular stuff. And then you get to all the other spending cuts, right? You're looking at $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid that is cuts to healthcare, cuts to nursing home. It is cuts to children's healthcare.

6 (39m 14s):
That is a huge deal that'll be felt by huge swaths of the population. And then they then after that, even if they did that, then they have to cut billions and billions and billions more from all the stuff that Elon, what Elon's doing is small potatoes compared to this, right? Yeah. You're gonna have to slash food safety slash medical research slash public education slash emergency response to natural disasters. All of those things, we've seen this happen every single time. And they wanna eliminate the point of education something Donald Trump just reiterated he wanted to do. And that is so unpopular, huge majority oppose it. And this, we've seen this before where after New Gingrich took power in 1994, where the Republicans had the majority, they tried to eliminate the Department of Education. They got in a huge fight with Bill Clinton about it.

6 (39m 55s):
Bill Clinton won that fight. The Republicans lost it so bad that when George W. Bush ran for president in 2000, he ran on increasing education funding like it is. So this is such politically toxic stuff and this is where Trump's honeymoon ends. 'cause right now he's out there, he's just signing the things he wants, saying the things he wants to do. But now if he wants to actually do something, he has to get in the fucking muck with Congress to do this stuff. And it's incredibly unpopular. And as we know also painfully, well, once you start doing difficult legislative stuff with Congress, you'll, you'll lose the post-election sheet and you start looking pretty weak and pretty much like a typical politician.

0 (40m 36s):
So I think I agree with all of that. I want to that, all that to be true. The things that worry me this time around that I think the advantages that Trump has that, that Republicans didn't have in the past is number one, the information environment now favors them in a huge way. And so we can all be screaming about all these cuts that we're seeing and numbers and then look at this in the budget and it's crazy, blah, blah blah. And he's gonna be out there being like, well what are you talking about giving everyone a tax cut. And I have this, you know, he is got some small provision here and there. Like they might close the carried interest loophole or they saw something like, you know, they're gonna, they're gonna take away tax breaks from billionaire sports team owners.

0 (41m 19s):
You know, like flashy stuff that gets attention, right? That like breaks through and you know, on med they're gonna say, we're not gonna touch Medicare and social security and like he promised. And then on Medicaid, all we wanna do is just add a work requirement. Don't we think that people should, who, who get healthcare from the government if they're able to work, should work? What, what's, what's so crazy about that?

6 (41m 41s):
That can't get you the numbers he needs though.

0 (41m 44s):
No, I know, I know, but I'm just, I I I do think that fighting this is going to be difficult and also really important to make this about I think people who were going to be hurt by these cuts and not just the numbers. And also, you know, I wouldn't underestimate, like, it's obviously difficult once you get to Congress and you have to deal with Congress. That's true for every president. But, and, and they have a very narrow majority of the Republicans, but also they have proven themselves to do whatever he wants and not oppose him on almost anything so far. So I, I do wonder about, you know, some of the troublemakers in the Republican house, like the, the Freedom Caucus and some of those people, like, I wonder if they'll behave this time around just because their guy's in charge and the White House and they wanna show unity and get something done.

0 (42m 35s):
I don't know. What do you think? Yeah,

6 (42m 36s):
So let's just, so I guess there's two separate questions. I'll take the second one first, which is can they pass this? Yeah, they absolutely can. It's not gonna be easy. It'd be incredibly messy and it may end up where the Senate has to go first and then the Republicans are put, put in this position to just like eat it or have Trump's agenda fail. And I think that that's probably more likely, I mean the Republic House Republicans have not passed some sort of consequential budget measure without democratic help in other than sort of the fake debt ceiling thing that Craig McCarthy did. I think that might be the only one in like a decade. Like they always need Democrats 'cause they cannot agree on this stuff. But push comes to shove, we sh like it's very possible that they will put aside anything they possibly care about to help Trump.

6 (43m 18s):
So we should assume that. So it's like how do you win the fight? Right? And you're a hundred percent right. This is not the media environment in which Democrats had previously succeeded in these fights at all. 'cause we were, there's one thing, the, the press loves, it's like stories about cuts, right? What are the, you know, what's gonna go away? What are the specifics? Let's interview the people who are gonna lose their program. And particularly in a world, especially when Bill Clinton did this, where with a very robust regional press, like it is death Republicans or they're like doing local standups outside the nursing home that's gonna close without Medicaid funding, right? Yeah. That kills 'em. None of that exists anymore. And so we're gonna have to be deft and strategic and loud in a way in which our party has been unable to do so at any point in recent history.

6 (44m 1s):
So that, that is hard. But can, but we have the political high side and we have the better story to tell. So it is possible to do it. The most important thing here is to, there are two important things message wise. One, be very specific about what is being cut. Right? Don't, even though Medicaid actually has a quite popular brand, don't just say Medicaid. Talk about specifically what Medicaid funds, right? Children's healthcare, nursing homes, right? Prescription drugs, you know, all of that. Like be specific when you get to the other cuts, be incredibly specific about what they are, right? There's a lot of language guidance we can get to when these cuts actually happen about how to talk about education cuts and things like that. But to connect it, why are they doing these cuts to pay for tax cuts for huge corporations and rich people like Elon Musk and Donald Trump.

6 (44m 47s):
That is why they're,

0 (44m 48s):
And again, like, like we, everything has gotta be a story and we've gotta attach people to it, whether it's the cuts or whether it's the tax cuts. And we should have like which companies are gonna be benefiting how much they're gonna get into the tax cut, how many billions they're gonna get in the tax cut, which billionaires are gonna benefit and then which people are gonna be hurt and how they're gonna be hurt across all the different kinds of spending areas. Whether it's education, whether it's healthcare, whether it's food, whatever it may be. Like we just have to be very vivid and detailed in order to like break through in this environment. Like fewer numbers, more stories, more people on everything that we do around, around this fight, I think.

0 (45m 29s):
Yeah,

6 (45m 29s):
That's right.

0 (45m 30s):
Okay, before we get to Lovett's interview with Rohit Chopra, it's time for a new segment we're calling. Wait, Did That Really Happen? Just three quick, hard to believe. Holy shit. Are you serious clips from this week that you may or may not have missed? First up, the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the nation's cultural center right here has a new board and a new chairman. Let's listen.

4 (45m 59s):
So we took over the Kennedy Center. We didn't like what they were showing and

9 (46m 2s):
It's a very exciting development. It's gonna be great. I think we're gonna do something very special. It got very woke. I think we're gonna make it hot. We made the presidency hot, so this should be easy.

0 (46m 15s):
Gonna make it hot just like

6 (46m 17s):
The presidency.

0 (46m 18s):
It was getting too woke. Why was the Kennedy Center too woke? Did you I he was, he was saying something like, no more drag shows, but there drag shows at the Kennedy Center. That would surprise me. I

6 (46m 28s):
I, I don't know, but it's like, this is,

0 (46m 30s):
I mean it's so funny that he, he, he fires the whole board and the chairman and he makes, he names himself chairman and then he puts a post up that's like, congratulations Donald Chase Trump is the new chairman. Like, oh wow. How'd you get that? How'd you finagle that one?

6 (46m 46s):
It is a Love it made this point on Twitter, but on the day we find out that inflation's going up, Donald Trump appoints himself. Programming opera program director.

0 (46m 56s):
I like that. He also, he originally put Rick Grinnell is the acting director, Rick Grinnell, who some people thought was gonna get Secretary of State man, what a consolation prize. That's right. Temporary acting director of the fucking Kennedy Center. Or maybe he's the permanent director. Maybe Trump's the chairman. I don't know. I couldn't keep track. Trump

6 (47m 13s):
Is the chairman of the board and Rick Grinnell, as of the last time it looked at the internet, was the interim

0 (47m 18s):
Director. Oh, so he still got it. Oh, congrats director. Yeah, I mean

6 (47m 20s):
As of like, I, I wouldn't say I'm tracking the story as closely as, I don't know the Medicaid cuts or Elon Musk, but at, at one point he was the interim director.

0 (47m 28s):
I think Lee Greenwood's on the board, I think. Yes,

6 (47m 31s):
Obviously fucking

0 (47m 32s):
Vance. I think they got a whole, they got a whole Susie Wiles, the White House chief of staff. It's just gonna be some great entertainment there. I mean just great entertainment at the Kennedy Center mean.

6 (47m 41s):
The whole point of the Kennedy Center board was to raise money for the Kennedy Center. The chair of the board was David Rubenstein, the incredibly wealthy private equity hedge fund guy who owns So Rich. He owns a copy of the Constitution, I think. So when you get rid of him, like is Donald Trump gonna raise that money and give that money?

0 (47m 58s):
No, I think Donald Trump just wants to, he just wants to be a host. Right? Well this is like the whole thing of this pre, he just wants to have a lot of shows at the Kennedy Center that are extremely tacky and he gets to go on stage and welcome everybody. Like he's just like, it's just, you know, it's an apprentice thing. Well

6 (48m 13s):
I think 'cause he never went to Kennedy Center Honors when he was president. I think

0 (48m 18s):
That

6 (48m 18s):
Because I think he would knew he would be made fun of by everyone. 'cause it's all the comedians and so this is just hi way. It's if he, if he can't be invited to the club, he's gonna just buy the clubhouse.

0 (48m 29s):
Good luck, buddy. Good luck. Next up the Kennedy Center's new chairman welcomes the anti-VAX Kennedy in his cabinet with a brand new health conspiracy of his own.

4 (48m 39s):
Well, I feel sorry for Mitch. He's not equipped mentally. He wasn't equipped 10 years ago mentally, in my opinion, he'd let the Republican party go to hell if I didn't come along. The Republican party wouldn't even exist right now.

10 (48m 51s):
He had polio obviously, and his,

4 (48m 53s):
I don't know, I don't know anything about He had polio. He had polio.

10 (48m 57s):
Are you doubting that he had polio?

4 (48m 59s):
I have no idea if he had polio. All I can tell you about him is that he shouldn't have been a leader. He knows that he voted against Bobby. He votes against almost everything. Now he's a, you know, very bitter guy.

0 (49m 10s):
Donald Trump is a Mitch McConnell Polio truther.

6 (49m 14s):
Of course, of course he is course Mitch MCC

0 (49m 16s):
McConnell, who voted against RFK Jr. And explained why it was partly because he had childhood polio and he thinks that the an, you know, Kennedy's stance on vaccines and, and is just outrageous. And he couldn't do it. And Donald, Donald Trump is like, oh, he had polio. Oh really? Oh yeah. I don't know anything about that. Prove it. Prove

6 (49m 36s):
He had polio.

0 (49m 36s):
Prove he had polio. What a, that is just fucking wild. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. I hope all the, I hope all the Mitch McConnell lackeys out there that have become full, full maga bros are all, are all happy about that one. I'm sure

6 (49m 53s):
They, they dropped. Now Mitch McConnell doesn't have the authority and power and Congress to hook up all their lobbying clients. They've dropped, they've dropped in like a dirty sock.

0 (50m 3s):
Embarrassing. Totally embarrassing. And finally, I saved the best for last Georgia Congressman. Buddy Carter gets in on the hot new trend of renaming places we don't own.

11 (50m 13s):
The bizarre Bill has been introduced in Congress to allow the United States to acquire Greenland and rename it red, white, and Blueland. The bill was presented by Republican lawmaker, Earl Buddy Carter from Georgia.

0 (50m 26s):
It's the stupidest fucking people. We are, we are, our country is being run by the stupidest fucking people.

6 (50m 36s):
I learned about this directly from you this morning at our production meeting. And I laughed so hard. I mean that it hurt my gut. I

0 (50m 42s):
Gotta well it happened earlier in the week and I, I made a quick note to myself and my to-do list that just said, don't forget Greenland on plus save America it. 'cause it just sort of went under the radar as it should have. And there's a lot of other important things and who the, you know, some fucking back bench congressman from Georgia, Republican Yahoo decided to do it. But wow. Red, white and Blueland. Okay.

6 (51m 6s):
It is like, this is obviously freedom fries type stuff, but if you ever just wanna just have an interesting experience, find a much younger person and try to explain to them the time in American history, 20 years ago when we renamed all of our french fries, freedom Fries, because France would not follow us into a really stupid and losing war.

0 (51m 26s):
Honestly, it's not gonna sound so shocking to them. Now, if they have paid attention to the news in the last several years, they'll think, oh, well that seems quaint. But

6 (51m 33s):
Then actually, if you, if you hear that story, then everything that's happened since probably makes a lot more sense to you.

0 (51m 40s):
Telling you he's, he wants, he's going, what? Is he gonna rename Europe? He's gonna, he's gonna rename Europe like, like East America. Is that what it's gonna be? We

6 (51m 48s):
Are recording this before the Trump Modi press conference, and I've been wondering whether there's a chance Trump's gonna announce in there. He's gonna start calling India, Indiana.

0 (51m 59s):
At least, at the very least, the Indiana Ocean. Yeah,

6 (52m 3s):
The Indiana. The Indiana Ocean. That's right. That's very good.

0 (52m 5s):
Indiana Ocean. Yeah, it's all of it. He's gonna, everything is America. Everything is something about America in the world now.

6 (52m 10s):
Still waiting for him to discover New Mexico. Oh,

0 (52m 15s):
Yes. New Mexico. Watch out. Okay, when we come back from the break, you're gonna hear Lovett's conversation with Rohit Chopra, the now former director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau about why Trump and Elon are so hell bent on closing the agency. Two quick things before that, if you're wondering just how we let Billionaires hijack the government tune into the newest episode of Assembly Required. This week, Stacey Abrams talks with wired editor Leah Fager about Elon and Dojo's Grip on the Treasury. Then strict Scrutinies, Kate Shaw joins to talk about the legality of it all. Listen to assembly required wherever you get your podcasts, or on YouTube. Also, this month, votes Save America's Anxiety Relief program is donating to black led organizations and candidates of color, including Kimberly Pope Adams, who's running for a Virginia State House seat this year.

0 (52m 59s):
A prime opportunity to expand the Democrat's one seat majority. Here's how the Anxiety Relief program works. You set up a recurring donation at any amount that feels right for you at Vote Save America will use it to build progressive power in 2025 and beyond. Go to vote save america.com/donate to donate now. Paid for by votes. Save America votes Save america.com. Not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee when we come back. Rohit Chopra.

Squarespace (53m 32s):
This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place, all on your items. Introducing Design Intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful, more personalized website tailored to their unique needs, and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Start a fully custom on-brand website with squarespace's latest AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint ai. After a few questions, our interactive design system transforms basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence. With curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your website, like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Earn recurring revenue by gaining your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or subscription for access. Upload video content, organize your video library and showcase your content on beautiful video pages. You can even sell access to your video library by adding a paywall to your content. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash cr to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash cricut.

Instagram (54m 59s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts a new way to keep your teen safer as they grow, like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All right, sweetie, pie buckle. Oh, good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay, kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember, their elbow pads Needs to, okay. Yep, there you go. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see

13 (55m 31s):
Joining us now. He was until being fired by the Trump administration a little over a week ago, the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Roach Chopra, welcome to Pod Save America.

14 (55m 40s):
Thanks so much for having me.

13 (55m 42s):
So weird week for you. I imagine you're fired on a Saturday. I believe I was. And what was the rest of that day like?

14 (55m 49s):
You know, in some ways it was pretty clarifying that we have big issues that we're gonna have to deal with, including agencies that this administration may want to destroy and defund.

13 (56m 4s):
So two weeks before the election, the CFPB put out a rule to protect consumer privacy. That led to praise by the Republican chair of the Financial Services Committee in the house, A, a foe of the CFPB for a long, long time for somebody who was, when the agency was first proposed, got into an argument with Elizabeth Warren before the agency even existed, and she was the creative founder of it. There was a moment where people thought, oh, you know what? Republicans are actually gonna become populist, Republicans are gonna become anti-big tech. And now because of what the administration is doing, there's a bunch of regulations that would've reigned in big tech on hold, specifically on hold at the CFPB.

13 (56m 45s):
Can you talk about the, like long-term impact of this Republican antipathy towards CFPB? And then how does that fit in with at least their like, public posture of claiming to be these economic populace? Yeah,

14 (56m 59s):
I, I think that when you really boil it down, what you see is that most of the things that the CFPB works on are not particularly sexy in some ways, are your medical bills that are showing up on your credit reports. You know, the, the fees that you're paying on your bank account, how much you're paying for a mortgage or auto loan. And really what we did in these past few years was prosecute some of the biggest corporations in the country for cheating people repeatedly. So obviously the Ccfp B'S work is pretty popular, it doesn't matter, you know, what your political affiliation is.

14 (57m 42s):
The only place it is unpopular is with lobbyists and politicians in Washington. And it seems pretty obvious to me that big tech giants who are increasingly entering banking and payments do not want anyone looking under the hood and do not want to follow the laws of our land. So I think that's really the big question is, are we in a moment where they're going to defund the police over Wall Street and Silicon Valley, or they're actually going to stand up for people and lower their costs? And I think it's looking more and more like the people are gonna get the short end of the stick on this.

13 (58m 26s):
Let's just talk actually about the, like, kind of the specifics here. What happens when, I mean, CFEB is in the middle of a bunch of investigations there, there's a bunch of ongoing very important investigations going on right now. What happens if those are just stopped in their tracks?

14 (58m 40s):
Yeah, that would be a, a big wet kiss to a lot of the defendants who wanna get off scot free. There is active courtroom battles right now on many of the cases we have filed. We sued JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, bank of America for their role in fraud on Zelle. We've sued the nation's biggest pawn lender for cheating military families. We've sued one of the nation's biggest subprime auto lenders for their misdeeds. And the list really goes on and on. There's also advanced investigations against big Wall Street firms and big tech firms that that means that that will just stop and it means that we will not be able to get justice and money for the people who have been harmed by that.

13 (59m 35s):
So Trump just announced the replacement, your replacement, somebody that was at the FDIC now is, is there any hope that once that person's in place, some of these investigations can get unpaused? Or does the leader not matter when there's such a, when you have, you know, the Doge boys scrambling around the basement?

14 (59m 59s):
I have no clue. I mean, it, it's all a mystery as to what would happen, but ultimately I think you'll see a senate confirmation process. I've been through two of them. You get, they're hard and I think you'll we'll see a lot of questions as to whether or not the law enforcement mission of the CFPB is gonna actually actually be fulfilled.

13 (1h 0m 27s):
I I think people, certainly listeners have heard about the various successes of the CF PB of calling money back. What is one of the most, like, just shocking and egregious kinds of fraud you've seen? Not from, I think people who just, for lack of a better term, expect it from payday lenders. They expect it from sort of skeezy financial institutions, but from big blue chip companies that are supposed to be respectable. What's the most disgusting or outrageous thing you guys were able to find and

14 (1h 0m 54s):
Stop? Well, I, I mean, I could go for a whole hour on this. We've seen everything. We've actually seen people charge fees, one of them a paper statement fee where the company didn't even print anything or mail anything. Those are small, they're egregious, but, you know, maybe it's not going to affect someone's financial life that much. The thing that I think is so high stakes actually relates more to healthcare. You have so many people, whether it's an emergency room visit or they have a chronic condition, whatever it may be, they deal with this slew of paperwork and bills where they are, they're covered by insurance and get stuck in this doom loop between the insurance company, the, the provider, the facility, the long list of players, and you know, what happens, their medical bill gets parked on their credit report and all of a sudden they can't pass, maybe even employment verification checks or can't get an apartment, can't get a loan because of a sickness that they've had.

14 (1h 2m 7s):
And for a bill that they do not even owe. And I think a lot of people are sick and tired that these credit reporting conglomerates, Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax, have so much power over what happens to, in our financial life. And in some cases, don't take the basic steps to make sure that the information on your credit report is real. Allowing people to put phantom debt or park it on the credit report as a means to coerce you into paying a bill you don't owe, I think is absolutely egregious.

14 (1h 2m 49s):
The CFPB finalized a rule to ban that practice and will, I hope that it actually takes effect

13 (1h 2m 58s):
And it, and those rules, obviously, I think the future is unknown here, but like telling people to stay home, trying to gut the agency, are, are some of these rules still gonna keep moving forward passively, or does it require, are they able, are they, by sending people home, are they stopping those rules right now?

14 (1h 3m 16s):
Well, someone needs to enforce those rules, but we also have seen reporting that they've instructed the staff to try and delay them to make sure that they never see reality. Or maybe if the CFPB has been sued by, you know, these big industry players to stop it, maybe they just won't defend against that. So to me, I think there's

13 (1h 3m 43s):
Just, so it just like makes your blood just

14 (1h 3m 45s):
Boil. Well, but that's why this matters so much is that maybe, maybe it's small, this issue of a credit report, but for somebody who's dealing with it in the moment, it is a big, big deal. You know, maybe that one single overdraft fee doesn't matter to a person, but for somebody who got hit with four fees rather than one, it can send them on a treadmill of debt. Maybe one student loan payment being misallocated is not a big deal, but when they screw up your entire loan so that you don't get to qualify for a public service cancellation, that's a big deal.

13 (1h 4m 22s):
It's just, it's the, like the, you know, we're in this moment where, you know, oh, Democrats are falling into a trap of defending institutions and it's like, man, this is, I know people don't, don't believe government works for them, but I think a lot of that is people have no fucking idea that this is happening. And like this to me is like, if there's anything that you would want your government to do, it is to have a consumer watchdog empowered with enough force and might to actually take on these institutions and win. It's an extraordinary story of government at its best. And I'm glad to hear you still think there's value in telling that story right now.

14 (1h 4m 56s):
Yeah, and I, I, I hear every day we would get thousands of people who would file complaints with us on our website. And what was great is it didn't go into some black hole. We actually sent it to the company and told the company respond. And without really any resources at all, other than the, you know, the tech that we created, people every day were getting refunds. They were getting their credit report fixed. Sometimes they saved their home or their car. And for those individuals you hear you, I've, I've read the letters that they would send about, finally they felt like their government was doing something that they really benefited from.

14 (1h 5m 42s):
And I think that's just so important that we demonstrate we don't do this just because there's some acronym that maybe people won't remember. We do it because we want to give people power and dignity in their life. And I think that's exactly what the CFPB has done for so many.

13 (1h 5m 59s):
Well, I called the the CFPB helpline before we recorded, and I called it during business hours. And it is no longer open right now. That number leads to go straight to voicemail. So they have, they are trying to stop people from having that experience, which I think tells you a lot.

14 (1h 6m 15s):
Well, that sounds like censorship to me.

13 (1h 6m 17s):
So nine days before Elon's Doge initiative got into the CFEB, Musk made a deal with Visa to add a digital wallet feature to X as part of a broader plan to turn it into an Everything app. It seems like a lot of inspiration is being drawn from these Chinese super apps. There's WeChat, there's Alipay, and I want to get your sense on what the dangers are there, especially if there isn't a, a active CFPB.

14 (1h 6m 44s):
Yeah, so I think everyone realizes there is a totally different way that we pay for things. Now when we go in the store, we tap online, it's different. There's a whole set of new choices. But here's what's really shifting. The more and more that tech companies and big financial firms know about our purchase history, know our transaction history, know our location, know our friends and social networking, the more and more we are gonna creep into a world where there aren't price tags for goods, but instead we're gonna have surveillance based personal pricing based on our mood, based on what we're searching for.

14 (1h 7m 30s):
And you see a lot of big companies, Google, Facebook wanted to create its own currency in fact. And now we're seeing how even x even Twitter wants to be away, that you can move money and pay and there's enormous value in all of that. And, you know, I don't know, I cannot, I have no idea if Doge is there to snoop or to find out what its competitors are up to, to find out the plans that other companies have. I just don't know. But certainly that is something that many are worried about.

13 (1h 8m 9s):
So this would be, I like, just so those people understand, I like what's so bad about that, right? Like, what's so bad about having like, surge pricing for pizza or like Google knows that Google knows based on my mood or whether or not I've had an edible, how much I want this takeout right now. Like what, what's the negative consequence of having these companies with this level of access to data? Well,

14 (1h 8m 30s):
I, I certainly think that for those of us who have serious medical diagnoses when we're targeted or charge different prices because they know we need certain medication or we, they know we need certain medical supplies or for teenagers who are maybe in a rough place personally, being able to target them with certain information or to be able to extract from them from older adults who might be lonely. I think actually the price tag is probably one of the best consumer protections we have out there. And when we individualize every single price, we're setting ourselves up for an economy that I don't think we want.

14 (1h 9m 13s):
I I've long been worried about people who call for an Uber or Lyft and late at night that may be a a, a woman calling a ride share is getting a higher price than a male in the same exact place. Or that there are ways to discriminate based on our personal characteristics. And I also don't think that we want these big companies knowing everything that goes on in our life before we are about to purchase something.

13 (1h 9m 45s):
This is why they were afraid of you. You know, mark Zuckerberg in a recent interview, he did this kind of aw shucks routine about like, it was so weird all of a sudden CFPB was looking into, into Facebook, which doesn't make sense because we're not a bank and he kind of implies that what if he or suggests that it might have been political in some way. You talked about the fact that they were introducing a currency, which would obviously be a reason for them to be looked at. But like beyond that, like why would CFPB need to be a watchdog when it's supposed to be a consumer financial protection agency? Why would it have to go after Facebook? We're

14 (1h 10m 24s):
We're supposed to police banking, lending and payments and when companies like Facebook are creating their own currency, and fortunately it got killed, but you see more of these big giants lurching into lending and payments. It's not the CFPB expanding into tech, it's these companies expanding into the core work that we do. So it is true that Google actually sued us because we were asking questions or wanted to ask questions about how they were handling people's money and their data. So I, I think that this is really about power is that there are certain companies who feel that they should not have to follow the laws that our congress passes, that they are somehow special, that there is an exemption for fancy technology.

14 (1h 11m 19s):
But I think we as people should want a lot of technological progress, but not if it comes at the expense of our dignity, our democracy, and frankly fairness in our economy. And,

13 (1h 11m 31s):
And like you've been accused of being anti-tech or, you know, sort of anti-capitalist or whatever it may be because of, of this position, but you were a McKinsey person or,

14 (1h 11m 41s):
Yeah, it's, it's funny, I think it's, I actually think most business people want there to be some rule of law.

13 (1h 11m 49s):
But that's what I was gonna say. Like presumably these companies would like to compete on a level playing field in which they don't have to be in a kind of race to find the most kind of invasive forms of data monitoring or the most kind of rapacious kind of pricing. Presumably some of these companies would be interested in having a clear set of rules that they know allows them to compete without having to do these kinds of things.

14 (1h 12m 11s):
Actually, I really feel for all the businesses out there who sometimes think that they're chumps because they're following the law, especially small players, while big giants can break the law with impunity, pay a fine and move on. I mean, you asked about Facebook when I was an FTC commissioner, Facebook was embroiled in a scandal related to Cambridge Analytica. It had flagrantly violated an FTC law enforcement order. And what happened was that they paid billions of dollars so that Mark Zuckerberg and other executives could get an immunity clause in the settlement.

14 (1h 12m 55s):
And I actually think most people, it's not just everyday citizens, it's even business owners are asking themselves, how do these big CEOs seem to always get off scot free? You know, after the financial crisis, John, it felt like there was absolutely no accountability. Millions of people lost their home, but barely any executives were held accountable. In fact, their companies were bailed out and they got bigger. And I think that's just fundamentally wrong.

13 (1h 13m 27s):
Are there any lessons you have from being at CFEB? You know, there's a way in which right now I think it feels a little bit like, like, oh, Democrats are, well, we didn't know you could just dispatch your favorite billionaire into the bowels of every agency and start slashing and burning things that you don't like. Obviously we have this very difficult challenge, the classic challenge of we are trying to defend democracy and one of the ways we're trying to do that is to demonstrate why the rules are important, which means we are following rules that the other side doesn't, and we're trying to defend the game. And you can't defend the game while, while breaking the rules because then you're no longer playing the game. But are there ways in which looking back you think, man, if I knew how bad this was gonna be, I would've pushed harder here.

13 (1h 14m 9s):
I would've fought this harder. We, we were a little too conciliatory here. We were trying to reach compromise with the Republicans there. Are there any places like that where you look back and think, the lesson for me here is we should have gone harder?

14 (1h 14m 19s):
Well, you always have some regrets. And I think when it comes down to it, there is so much abuse of power by some of the biggest powerful companies and it takes a lot of effort to stand up to that and prosecute that when they violate the law. And we could always use more energy from the public to unearth that fraud. So yeah, I mean, look, at the end of the day, we always made sure that we were following every law and we did. And I don't regret any of that. I think we cannot have a strong society if individuals feel that they can just sidestep the, the laws of the land.

13 (1h 15m 4s):
So one aspect of CFEB that's hard to measure is where it has had an impact by scaring institutions preemptively from doing shady stuff with fees, misleading rules, interest rates, whatever it may be. What are you worried about right now that like, you know, banks that are, that some of these that are like kind of raptors testing the fences. What is the next iteration of consumer abuses that you're worried about?

14 (1h 15m 32s):
Yeah, well, you know, it's really interesting. When I got actually to both the FTC and the CFPB, it really was so clear to me that it was asleep at the wheel. I mean, we saw so much crime against consumers that really, it was almost a catch and release policy. You find them and you let 'em go. And I do think that just having someone who is a watchdog, it actually does scare off some of the worst, worst abuses against people. And this is why I really do think that corporate law enforcement where people can actually stop those abuses, it doesn't just, it's not just the tens of billions of dollars we've gotten back for people, but we have stopped market abuses like we saw in the financial crisis that destroyed trillions of wealth, you know, and led to so many people losing their homes.

14 (1h 16m 35s):
And look, John, I, you ask like, what, what are we learning from this moment? I do think that there are sometimes places where we need to say openly, this part of government isn't working. That was certainly true in the start of the CFPB. We actually shut down a corrupt and failed agency called the Office of Thrift Supervision. Yeah. And created a new one.

13 (1h 16m 59s):
I remember when the letters came down off the building.

14 (1h 17m 1s):
Yeah. And, and I do think sometimes we gotta find places that aren't working and shut 'em down. But when we do it, it's because we are doing it to serve people better, not to serve the powerful even more.

13 (1h 17m 17s):
Are there ways you're worried about AI being used to, to harm consumers in a way that like the CFEB could have protected against or could protect against in the future? Well,

14 (1h 17m 24s):
One thing that we have not really reigned in enough is the explosion of chatbots. And now when you are struggling with something, it is very hard to talk to someone to fix it. You're often speaking to a chatbot, the CFPB when I was there, we did a study of these chatbots that banks use, and they all had these human like names, for example, bank of America called their chatbot Erica. And you ask, you say to them, something is wrong. This is not my, I did not make this charge, this, the, my payment was in process.

14 (1h 18m 6s):
Right. And sometimes you just wanna get things fixed and instead you feel like you're in a doom loop with the chat bot where you're saying something and they're saying the same thing back to you. We also really worry about AI being used to impersonate people. A lot of older adults in our country are getting very realistic texts, calls that are mimicking the voices of their loved ones. And I think that that's a place where there's a lot we can do with technological progress to make life better, but we should not dilute ourselves that it can also be used as a weapon and it can also be used as a tool by foreign nations that are seeking to do our people harm.

13 (1h 18m 56s):
So when Elon Musk posted delete CFPB on social media, he replied to someone and I'm, it is, you know, an unfortunate reality of our current dystopia that I have to like describe in detail the posts of this unelected billionaire. But he po he said, with such generosity, CFPB has done a non-zero amount of good or something to that effect. Have you considered trying to reach out to him? Have you reached out to him? Have you spoken to him about that this and is, and if you did or could, what would you want to convey?

14 (1h 19m 29s):
Well, I guess my view is that I don't think any of us should be groveling to billionaires to save our country. We should believe that people control our country. And I think we should be worried that when there is a click of CEOs that seem to call the shots, and frankly, I do think that that's part of the problems that not only that everyone is worried about when it comes to the massive mismatch in power. It's why I think so many of us are huge fans of Lena Kahn and all the work she has done to really challenge that power.

14 (1h 20m 14s):
And I think that that is going to be something that we have to continue to do. We shouldn't be asking these individuals for permission. They are not our elected officials.

13 (1h 20m 25s):
Well, you could just tell the fuck off.

14 (1h 20m 27s):
Well, look, it's very clear that there are individuals who have an agenda and they're going to pursue that. And it's going to take us to make sure that people are following the law. And we're, we're, we're using our own voices and our own power.

13 (1h 20m 44s):
You're not giving me, you're not giving me an inch on this.

14 (1h 20m 47s):
Well, look, I mean, do, do I like, do I like what he says about the CFPB? No, but I don't think we should be saying, you know, he, he may have his own motives for this, but it's up to us to make sure that we can reign that power in. So not ask them to just be nice. Well,

13 (1h 21m 8s):
For sure. It's a pretty worrying time for people at the agency. What's your message? It's a, like, I it's a group of dedicated, nonpartisan people who are there to kind of protect the interest of consumers. It's returned an extraordinary amount of money to consumers. I, I like, it's hard to come up with a better example of government that is currently being lied about and undermined by this unelected clique. There are people in that agency that are worried about, some people have been fired, they're worried about being fired. They don't know whether or not the right thing to do for their families is to try to stay and fight or leave if there is some kind of an offer to get out. What, what are, what are, what is your message to, to the people at your, at your former agency?

14 (1h 21m 49s):
Well look at, look at all people, all across our government, there are people who specialize in certain roles. Some of them prosecute terrorism. You can't really do that in the private sector. There are just some things that are done for the public's sake. And I think that this is a moment where it's really hard to tell them what they should do because they have to really live their life. And I always encourage them to serve as long as you possibly can. But look, this is a real moment for everybody who is trying to, to serve the public.

14 (1h 22m 31s):
I think that it is, it, it forces all of us to reflect on how do we talk about those who serve the public. I can tell you a lot of people who work at the CFPB can make a lot more money if they were in the private sector. And many of them choose to do that work because they believe that people shouldn't be treated poorly by a bank or a mortgage company or a student lender because it's about people's personal dignity and they believe it so deeply.

13 (1h 23m 5s):
After you crack down on ITT Technical Institute for its illegal recruiting tactics, the former chief executive called you an economic terrorist who should be sent to Guantanamo Bay for about a decade of r and r, which should include an aggressive regimen of water sports. So what is your favorite water sport?

14 (1h 23m 23s):
I I, sometimes in this business, there will be CEOs that threaten you, that hire people to follow you and it's pretty damn scary. But we just gotta keep going because we know that these, these individuals clearly feel that the law doesn't apply to them. And that their answer when we ask questions is to tell people that, that were to fundamentally threaten their lives. And I think it's pretty disgusting.

13 (1h 23m 59s):
You know, you just had this period of you, you ran this agency that has been, that has survived from its inception a concerted effort by major financial interests, lobbyists, right-wing conservatives, Republicans to destroy it. First of all, they tried to make it so it couldn't exist. They wouldn't let Elizabeth Warren run it from the jump. They have lied about it from the beginning claiming it's a sludge fund, which is a lie claiming it's trying to de bank conservatives, which is a lie. Right, of

14 (1h 24m 31s):
Course. Actually exactly the opposite. We put into place policies to block that and the bank lobby sued us for it.

13 (1h 24m 40s):
What, right now do you see as the, the most hopeful path for the CFPB to survive until a a time in which we can put a, a leader in charge of it? Who believes in it? Yeah. Well, it's

14 (1h 24m 55s):
Really what the public says and, and, and does and calls their members about what they protest. We need everyone's voices. And I, I, you know, John, I think a lot of people, including many people who probably listen, they probably feel pretty fatigued. Yeah. They feel beat down. They feel like this is such a chaotic moment and they just need a break. And I understand that. I, I know how that can feel, but I also feel like it's so important to remember why we love this place, this country.

14 (1h 25m 38s):
And part of it is because we can fight back and really make sure that we do not lose the things that are so important. And I, I just think that's really important to remember even when times are really tough.

13 (1h 25m 51s):
And I just think it's really impressive that you simply will not acknowledge how maybe cathartic it could be to tell Elon Musk to go fuck himself.

14 (1h 26m 1s):
Well, it it, if, even if it is, I think that I'm not gonna dignify any individual billionaire and their, that what they wanna dictate about our country because the whole, whole game of why this country is better is because we're not supposed to allow that to happen. We fought hard for one person to have one vote. We fought hard to make sure that we weren't being controlled by royalty. And, and that's maybe some of those lessons up applied today too. Rahi Chopra, thank you so much for your time. Thanks so much, John.

0 (1h 26m 42s):
That's our show for today. Thanks to Rohit Chopper for joining us here in la. We will be back with a new show on Tuesday. Bye everybody. Bye

15 (1h 26m 50s):
Everyone.

0 (1h 26m 51s):
If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.

0 (1h 27m 32s):
Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Hailey Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America. East

Atlantic Union Bank (1h 28m 4s):
Life is full of exciting moments, whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.

AARP (1h 28m 35s):
This episode is brought to you by A A RP. 10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taken now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs. Just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.