
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe. Home Security. Love is in the air, but so are porch, pirates and other threats. Protect the ones you love. With SimpliSafe, SimpliSafe can help provide peace of mind with proactive protection that helps to stop threats before they even have the chance to break in. Love it. What do you think about SimpliSafe? It Helps with the porch. Pirates. I set up assembly Safe. Very easy to do. Did it right outta the box. You can customize it to your home for your various porches and doors and porticos gates, windows, transoms, bay, windows, French doors. And then you install it. Works perfectly. App love the app. Great app. I highly recommend It. You like the active guard outdoor protection that can help prevent break-ins before they happen. Do I? No Long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. 60 day satisfaction guarantee. Or your money back named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report. Five years in a row and by Jon Lovett, eight years in a row. That's right. Visit simplisafe.com/cricut to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/cricut. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hey Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp taco box before they're gone. Limited time at participating US restaurant.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Donald Trump and Elon Musk make their bromance official during a joint interview with Sean Hannity, but is the honeymoon over for the American people? I was that. How's that for a cable esque tease, Dan, that's That's almost sports radio esque. Yeah. We'll talk about why these two men are so in love and why new polling shows problems for both of them. Then hours after telling Hannity he'd never support cuts to Medicaid, Trump endorses the house budget resolution, which drastically cuts Medicaid. Even as Republicans in Congress are starting to squirm about all the Doge cuts and firings that are starting to hurt their constituents.


And later Dan talks to former federal prosecutor Andrew Weissman about the purges going on at the Justice Department, the prospects for the corruption case against Eric Adams and more. But first, I know it's hard to keep up with all the news lately and that people don't tune into this particular podcast to hear the two of us just riff on global affairs. Their Mistake, not ours. I do think it's important for everyone to understand that this week America has essentially switched sides in the war between Russia, a repressive, brutal dictatorship in Ukraine, the neighboring democracy that Russia invaded on Tuesday's episode Tommy and I talked about how Trump and his administration have been speaking about negotiating an end to the war in a way that mass murderer, Vladimir Putin couldn't have scripted better himself, including Trump's claim that Ukraine started the war, which the whole world knows isn't true, including the vast majority of Americans.


Putin has said repeatedly that Ukraine isn't a real country, that it belongs to Russia and that Russia wants it back. That's why he invaded Crimea in 2014. That's why he invaded Ukraine three years ago. When Ukrainian president, Vladimir Zelinsky gently corrected Trump on this point by telling reporters that he greatly respects President Trump, but worries that he lives in a disinformation space. Trump of course lost it. He posted an angry truth on his way to his beach club in Miami. Here's how he responded. He Refuses to have elections. It's low. And the real Ukrainian polls, I mean, how can you be high with every city is being demolished.


It's hard to be, somebody said, oh no, his polls are good. Gimme a break, a dictator without elections. Zelensky better move fast. Or he is not going to have a country left. Gotta move, gotta move fast 'cause that war's going in the wrong direction. In the meantime, we're successfully negotiating an end to the war with Russia. Something I'll admit that only Trump is gonna be able to do in the Trump administration. We're gonna be able to do it. I think Putin even admitted that. Yeah, of course. That's Trump speaking in Miami at an investment conference organized by Saudi Arabia because of course then on Thursday in the White House briefing room, national Security advisor Mike Waltz, got this question from Fox News's.


Peter Ducey, Who does he think is more responsible for the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Putin or Zelensky? Well, look, his, his goal Peter, is to bring this war to an end period. Some of the rhetoric coming out of Key, frankly, and and in insults to President Trump were unacceptable. Who's to say? Who's to say who's responsible for the Russian invasion of Ukraine? It's right there in the question, Dan. It feels like the absolute craziest resistance Russia conspiracies from 2017 have now come true. What is your reaction to all this?


As I do, whenever I want to understand what's happening in the world, I listen to pod save the world. So I can have, have Tommy and Ben explain it to me. And like this obviously felt like a big deal in the moment. It seems crazy and insane. But I think Ben and Tommy would put it into perspective that I did not fully comprehend at the beginning of this. Which is this is not just the shift between Biden's foreign policy to Trump's foreign policy. This is the abandonment of the entire bipartisan principles that have undergirded us foreign policies since World War ii. Right? We have, we've decided that we are no longer a leader in the forces of democracy that we are gonna side with autocracy.


And that is deeply alarming. It is incredibly scary. You have the president of the United States, not just siding with Putin, but calling Zelensky an unelected dictator and then no one in the administration be willing to say that Putin not exactly known for free and fair elections to call him for what he is. We have it is truly insane through the looking glass stuff. And it has huge consequences for the United States's role in the world going forward And our safety and security. I mean, I'd say when the week started, my anxiety over this was at like a six or a seven. Which Is your natural resting state to be clear. Exactly, exactly.


Last few days bumped it up to a nine. And honestly part of that was listening to Pod Save the World, which I know that's a, a tough plug for pod save the World, but you should all listen to this. Yes. 'cause Ben and Tommy did an excellent job with this this week. And I guess we both, we both listened to it before bed. Coincidentally. I listened, I listened. I I I'm more into sleep hygiene than you. So I listened to it earlier in the day, but was thinking about it all throughout the rest of the day. Okay. Because it really stuck with you. Yeah, because I was, I was texting you last night when I, after I listened to it and I was texting Tommy and Ben and you and being like, that is the scariest fucking thing. Just, I'm not here to, I'm not here to give you advice, but if I were to give you advice, it's just like, 'cause I know what your sleep habits are, it's, I would just, I'd pick a time right before dinner and say, I'm not gonna listen to any more political podcasts, even ones done by two of my best friends.


But I've been thinking about it because, you know, we all know the polls. We've talked about it. You know, do Americans really care about foreign policy and even foreign wars that Americans aren't fighting in? And what does that have to do with us? And why are we, are we sending money to Ukraine? That's crazy. Well, we should spend more money home and what do we have to care about that? And, you know, the, the global order and, and institutions like what does that matter? Putin wants to reconstitute the Soviet Union. He has for a long time, he has nuclear weapons. He almost used nuclear weapons on the battlefield in Ukraine. We know that from the Biden administration, from what we learned in, in 2022 and 2023.


Putin is getting help from North Korea and China to other nuclear armed dictatorships. And now he knows, and the entire world knows that the United States, the world's other biggest nuclear power, no longer has any interest in supporting Ukraine. Doesn't seem to have much interest in supporting Europe either, or defending Europe wants to take over. Canada might bomb Mexico is sending asylum seekers who are escaping persecution from China, Iran, Afghanistan, to a, a camp in a jungle in Panama, another country that Trump is bullying because he wants to take over the Panama Canal.


And what does all that tell Putin? Like, do you think that makes him less likely to invade Europe? Do you think it makes China less likely to invade Taiwan? The whole world now sees the United States and see what Trump has done and thinks, and all the bad actors in the world, all the bad regimes, all the nuclear armed regimes are gonna say like, well, Donald Trump in the United States aren't gonna step in. They're they're looking to take over a bunch of countries themselves. So why don't we do whatever the fuck we want? And once Trump and his new dictator pals who all have nuclear weapons have finished carving up the world, do we think that they're just gonna like, relax and leave each other alone?


Is that how things usually happen when the world order is just a bunch of nuclear powers with fucking lunatics running them who are dictators? Like what? I mean, this is the what has held the world order together is that you had the strongest military in the world, the United States on the side of democracy, which puts you on the opposite side of the Soviet Union, then Russia, then China. And if the United States leaves that, then the entire balance collapses. Right? Europe, individual European nations, Europe together, NATO without the United States cannot muster the response and certainly does not pose enough of a threat to cause Putin or China or Iran or someone else not to fulfill their ambitions.


And like the, the craziest thing, one of the craziest things Trump said this week, and it sort of went under reported in his, in his, I think it was his post about his, it was like a readout of his call with Putin or, or maybe it was about Ukraine, I don't know what it was, but he was like, what do we care about this? We have a big, beautiful ocean to protect us in between. It's like, do you see World War ii? What? Like what Do you see any war with boats? Any, what? Like, what are you talking about? It's fucking 2025. It Could be, it could be fucking 1825. People have taken boats to war Before. How many nuclear weapons could reach the United States? What are you talking about? You fucking moron. It is, it is really bad though.


And you know it like this whole thing and through the campaign, oh, isolationism America first we want to turn inward. It's not turning inward at all. Actually that's the opposite. It's Trump going out there and saying, I want to be friends with the other autocrats. And who has he bullied? He's bullied. Canada, Mexico, Denmark, all our allies. Your Germany, JG Vance bullied, went to Germany and bullied Germany and tried to like bolster the far right party in Germany. So like, oh, then maybe we can have a a, a far right arm to the teeth Germany. That always works well. Well It's also just the fact that the United States is now on the side of the pro-Russian far right parties within European countries like Germany.


Yep. And like even if that doesn't lead to another World War or nuclear war, that leads to a world where millions, billions of people all over the world are brutally repressed because they live under dictatorships and they don't have rights. And that's what Vladimir Putin is, and that's what Xi Jinping is. And that's what all of these guys that, that we've we're now in bed with are, it's bad, it's bad. It also seems like a fair amount of the motivation here is economic. In the press briefing waltz also scolded zelensky for rejecting a deal where Ukraine would give us the rights to 50% of their rare earth minerals for forever in exchange for us support that somehow wouldn't include any security guarantees.


We talked about this a little bit on Tuesday's pod, But now they're like really mad that Zelensky didn't like what a deal. You give us half of your half of your resources and we'll what say that we support you. We're not gonna, you know, militarily support you. We won't even invite you to the negotiations about your own country. Right? Like, what kind of a fucking deal is that? Yes. We also know that the Russian negotiators made of course an explicitly capitalist argument to the American team that American corporations stand to make billions. If the US will allow investment in Russia again, of course is so, is the new world order also gonna be autocrats like Putin and Trump just carving up the world and plundering all the wealth?


It we're, it seems like we're heading that direction. We look in all seriousness, there is a reason that the world order exists as it does. There's a reason there are organizations like nato. There are reasons that there are alliances, is that this shit is much harder than Donald Trump thinks it is. Right. Even the United States is, is safer, more secure, stronger when we are working with other people. And even in just this deal that Trump is trying to, I mean just, you couldn't fucking script this with Putin in Saudi Arabia without Ukraine, about Ukraine is how is that gonna be implemented without Europe? Right? Who the United States already said, they're not going to provide security. So who is gonna do that?


Trump, Trump is going to at some point need these countries for things. They're major us trading partners, they are our allies. We are involved in security agreements and intelligence sharing agreements with 'em all over the world. And, and so there, there Is, Trump wants ahead in one direction, but there is a reality to foreign policy in a complicated, interconnected world that is gonna make it hard. Doesn't mean it can't happen, but it does put challenges into this absurd premise that Trump has. I do, I do just wanna say that there is, it is not a coincidence that so many rich tech people have adopted this pro-Russian stance in recent months and years is because is Russia is right.


That there, that is a very large market that US companies could be doing business in. And that is causing a lot of people to throw aside what they care about to hopefully make a little bit, a little bit more money. Well, yeah. And and corruption is a, is a feature not a bug of authoritarian regimes. Right? Like the only thing dictators love as much as they love power is money. And that's why they're all surrounded by oligarchs and they spend all the time stealing from their own people who then hate them and then they repress. That seems familiar. I can't put my finger on it, but it seems like we're been running into that recently. You know what, that's a great segue. You know Donald Trump? I've read the outline. I knew what we were doing here.


Oh, you did? Okay. I'm glad I'm That's so nice. Donald Trump and Elon Musk sat for a joint interview with Sean Hannity that aired on Tuesday night, which didn't make too much news, but was mostly notable for how nauseating it was to watch. Let's listen. They want you two to start. They, they want a divorce. They want you two to start hating each other. Well, I respect him. I've always respected him. Well, I love The president. I just wanna be clear about that. I Love the president. I think, I think President Trump is a good man. I've Said that's nicer the way he said that. You know, there's something nice about, not Once have I seen him do something that was mean or cruel or or wrong. I couldn't find anyone smarter. Right. We settled on this guy. Well, Thanks for having me. So actually am tech support though.


But that's, he Gets it done. He's a leader. This guy's a very, he's a brilliant guy. He is a great guy. He is. Got tremendous imagination. You're much more than a technologist. You are that. But he's also a good person. He's a very good person. This Is gonna be hard. I feel like I'm, I'm interviewing two brothers here. Fucking get a room. You two, what did you make of the interview and, and their budding relationship? I would say it is a phenomenal achievement that Sean Haney could host an hour long interview with two of the world's most famous and controversial people. People famous for saying interesting, crazy, insane things.


And had that interview make no news. You said not much news. No news. It was ungodly boring. It was like watching wallpaper dry on the wall. It was so boring. I just, I like the fact that he pulled that off. Did he? Like, I just can't even imagine how that even happened. Like Donald Trump has never sat for an hour without saying something interesting before Elon Musk never sat for an hour without saying something controversial or angry. I mean, just truly mind-numbingly boring and stupid. As for the relationship, maybe they like each other. Yeah, maybe they do. It seemed like, who am I to say? I don't play psychologist here, but I don't think Donald Trump's not exactly known for hiding his feelings. Like he can barely look at JD Vance when they're in a room together.


And he can never even, he's clear he cannot stomach Mike Pence at all. I thought he was just a huge goober. Or his wife or Or his wife. Or his own wife too. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Sorry, I forget Pence wife. I thought, I thought you meant Karen Pence. Yeah, No, no, it definitely doesn't like her. But no, he doesn't even like Melania. It's, I mean, maybe they do. I mean, it is, I mean, Elon Musk is one of the few people in the world who Trump needs more than they need Trump, right? He's got, he spent quarter billion dollars to get him elected. He is this cudgel for Trump as he tries to implement his policy. 'cause Musk keeps saying he'll fund primaries against people who don't vote for his nominees.


That clearly was quite effective since the earlier Earl on Thursday, we confirmed K Patel as FBI director. So anything goes. And Elon Musk controls his favorite social media platform. And so like, they're like, I, I know they really like each other not, but Trump is not. He's more, he is more forgiving of Musk or more willing to tolerate him than he is anyone else.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Lumen. Did you know that? When your metabolism is working properly, you will feel the benefits and literally every aspect of your life is a valuable tool that can give you insights to create a healthy metabolism for your body. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Lumen. All the rage here at Crooked, everyone's just blown into their lumen. They, they can't stop, won't stop figuring out what their, what's going on with their metabolism. Getting, getting some nutrition plans, figuring out after their workout how much fats or carbs they're burning. It's great. We Love it because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates into a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep and more. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to lumen.me/crooked to get 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/crooked for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of President Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central in streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


My main takeaway from the interview besides yes, that it was boring Yes. That Sean Hannity somehow managed to like sit for an hour with these two and never brought up anything interesting. Yes. It was just a love fest the entire time and it was nauseating to watch, but as I watched it, I was like, I think I was completely wrong about, and I think all of us were wrong about all of the guesses about this relationship and like, when's the, when's the divorce coming? When's the falling out? And like, I think you're right that Trump needs Elon and uses Elon, but Trump needs and uses a lot of people and doesn't love them. Yeah. Or doesn't even like them, or doesn't show that kind of affection for them.


Like I think they genuinely like each other because they're just their kindred spirits. Like Trump in his first term, was extremely frustrated that he couldn't do whatever he wanted. You know, it was lawyers and, and his advisors and and people in the federal government telling him no, or this is against the law, or this is a bad idea or whatever. And now he's got another famous rich dude authoritarian who doesn't care about laws, doesn't care about other people's opinions, thinks he knows everything and is willing to be his enforcer. And that that's what he needed. Right? Like no one else has been able to take what Donald Trump wants to do.


Much of it illegal, much of it corrupt and do it for him. And I think the reason that Elon does it is because he, he's been radicalized, he craves attention. He craves recognition, wants to be even richer and more powerful. And, and you know, of course also he he, he confuses attention and recognition. And both of them, both of them do, both of them have this like this, this deep bottomless need to be loved and they can't get it. And they're, and neither of them are like truly happy until they, and they're just keep wanting, wanting, wanting, they want more money, more power.


And they, and they found a kindred spirit in each other. I think they genuinely like each other. It's interesting 'cause two, like you point out, there are very, very similar people and usually two people who are exactly the same, particularly powerful people. But heads immediately. 'cause you, you can see in the other person what you subconsciously don't like about yourself. But that doesn't seem to be the case here. And I think maybe with Trump it is, he respects two things more than anything else. Money and attention or fame. And Elon Musk has more of both than any other person on the planet. He's the only person's A very good point, especially good point on the attention. Yeah. He's the only, and that is why, well, I agree with you that they genuinely like each other, but even if they didn't, it's one of the reasons why Trump is I do not think a divorce is coming, is because if they're the only person on the planet that Trump would probably be worried to get into a online spat with would be Musk.


He controls Twitter, he gets more attention, he is better at it. And like he is, he is, no one else has a megaphone as biggest as Trump's with the possible exception of Elon Musk. Small thing. But at one point, I think we played the beginning of it in the clip, which is when Hannity's like, oh, they're trying to get, they're trying to drive a wedge between you two. And Trump responds by saying like, I know, I saw that. He's like, it's so, he goes, they're so bad at it. Democrats are so bad at it. I I used to think they were good at it. They're really bad at it. And you know what? He's right. Yeah. Because it has been so fucking glaringly obvious. It's what I keep thinking about what you said, which is like reading the stage directions, you know, and it's like President Elon, president Musk and Time has them behind the fucking desk.


And it's, it's like, can we like, just, everyone's gotta learn the art of subtlety just a little bit here. Yeah. It's so, it's so painfully obvious and cheesy. Like it's of course what the Democrats are trying to do by driving a wedge through is obvious to Donald Trump and Elon Musk. Like, I, We can't communicate our own economic policies to our voters with a $2 billion of advertising money. I don't think we're gonna be able to tweet our way into splitting up Donald Trump and Elon Musk. It's just embarrassing one bit. That did make a little news. Trump acknowledged quote, inflation is back before saying I had nothing to do with it.


And blaming Biden, you and I talked about how some polling from a few weeks ago showed that most people don't think Trump's doing enough to bring down prices. There's been a slew of polling this week that basically says the same thing and also shows some deterioration in Trump's political standing. Trump's approval ratings are now underwater across the board. His economic approval notably is worse than his overall job approval. People like what he's doing on immigration, other issues are okay, but like he's actually underwater on economic even worse than his job approval. And Elon Musk's approval ratings are even worse. Pew has Musk get 42% favorable, 54% unfavorable. A new Quinnipiac poll has 55% of voters saying that Elon has too big of a role in the government with only 36% saying his role is just right.


And a new Reuters poll shows 71% of respondents agreeing with a statement, the very wealthy have too much influence in the White House, Washington Post analysis headline on Thursday was this poll show Trump's honeymoon is over. What say you host of polar coaster and author of message box. Yes. I'm so glad you segue to that message box because if you were listening to this on Friday morning in your inboxes right now is boom, my take on this very, on this very question. No thank you to the Washington Post for trying to get in front of me here. But there are two points here. One Is Trump definitely had a honeymoon. He was more power at the outset of this presidency than at any point previously. But that was, it's the lamest honeymoon in history.


He, his net approval rating when he was elected or when he was sworn in, was 43 points lower than Barack Obama's. He was even like about 15 points lower than Joe Biden. At the same point, he is the only modern president with lower approval ratings at the outset of the presidency than Donald Trump in 2025 is Donald Trump in 2017. Yeah. And but having said that, the direction of the polls is very clear. He is now back, he's back to mid forties, which was in most of these polls, which is where he was. That's sort of his sort of his, the high end of his range for much of his first term. And there are three reasons for this and they're pretty clear in the polling.


One, as you pointed out, is the economy, his economic approval rating, the voters poll has dropped to 39. It has dropped significantly over the last month. You saw this in the CBS poll that two thirds of voters thought he wasn't focused enough on lowering prices. The second reason is people don't like his agenda. Right. You have majorities who in the Washington Post poll who do not agree with what he's been doing. And that that makes complete sense. He ran on lowering prices and securing the border. But all of the news is about slashing government, weaponization cosing up to Putin, all of these things. And it's like presidents get in trouble when they campaign on one agenda and govern on another. And he campaigned as it was bullshit.


But he campaigned as a populist who wanted to fight for the working class. He is governing as a government slashing Medicaid cutting austerity agenda. That's not what people voted for in that asserting him. And the last thing is that Elon Musk is dragging him down in some ways. And one of the more interestingly is we like Elon Musk's favorability ratings are fine, you know, 44, it's not great, but it's, you're, he's actually more popular than just about every politician who's, who's not named Barack Obama right now in Donald Trump. But the better question to ask is, do you approve of the job he's doing? 'cause the favorability rating includes, do you like him? Seems highly unlikely, but what do you like? But also all the Tesla, SpaceX, everything he's accomplished for the, the world and the planet, which some of it is quite good when you ask, is he doing, do you approval of how he's doing his job in government 30, only 34% of people in the Washington Post approve of him.


Yeah. They had quotes from some of the respondents in the Washington Post poll about like why they, you know, supported Trump or opposed him, whatever. And I, I saw one woman who voted for Trump said, you know, Elon's a smart guy and I think he's, he's, he's really smart with his companies, but I really don't like what he's doing cutting all these programs. He's got too much influence in there. Yeah. The, and you have, you see that in like 26% in the Washington Post poll support approve of Elon Musk shutting down federal agencies and 52% of post, you have six in 10 people who think, who are concerned about Elon Musk and the do team having access his sensitive personal information. Elon Musk is a political, he is helping Trump accomplish his agenda, but he is hurting him politically and how he's doing it.


'cause the agenda he's accomplishing is unpopular. It's not what people voted for. It's not what they want. I think there's also something instructive in all these numbers for Democrats and anyone trying to oppose Trump right now and wondering like what we should do and does anything matter? Which is like when you ask people, you know, there's been some analysis that Trump's approval ratings, at least for the last couple weeks have been relatively high. Partly because he's taken action and he's doing stuff and people like presidents who take action. And I think that's right. That analysis is correct. And when you ask people, oh well what do you think about him making government more efficient? People like the idea of making government more efficient.


They unfortunately, you know, a slight majority likes the deportation agenda. That's also because they think he is deporting undocumented immigrants with criminal records, which he is clearly, that is only a small portion of the immigrants he's deporting. We can talk about that some other time. But when you get into the programs, he's cutting what Elon is doing. Even with something like U-S-A-I-D when we talked about this six in 10 oppose closing U-S-A-I-D, even when it's talked about like that just to, you know, which has now become famous. The reporting around Doge, what Elon has been up to, what the doge bags have been up to, the cuts, the firings and what Democrats have been saying about this and the noise that people have been making just across the country about this.


I think it is, it's breaking through and people are hearing it. And so it, we're gonna, we're starting to see it in the polling that yes, BB people liked him taking action. And yes, they want government to be more efficient, but the way that they're seeing it happen, they despise. And just as a point, and this is a could if we continue on the right trend, this could go down as one of the great political miscalculations in history is let's say Donald Trump had put Russell Vote in charge of dos. Yeah, That's interesting. No One would know. But because they put a person who gets more attention than almost anyone else on the planet in charge of implementing the unpopular agenda. People know about the unpopular agenda.


Elon Musk is a figure, and this is sort of how the media environment works, is, is if you have people who are controversial who you talk about, and then you get engagement, you create this incentive structure for more and more people to talk about it. No one is getting more TikTok views or ex reposts or whatever you call them, or skeets or whatever else talking about Russell Vote or Kevin Hassett, the NEC director or anything like that. But if you put a huge, giant famous celebrity who loves attention in charge of doing things that you probably wish people did not know, you're probably gonna suffer politically from that down the line, Who has the one of the biggest megaphones in the world and is literally narrating what he's doing minute by minute, including many of his fuckups.


Yes. Yes. I mean it's, it is a wild choice, Which is, and I know you wrote another message box on this, like whether it's the right strategy for Democrats to focus on Elon Musk. I say yes, yes. I mean, that's the conclusion you came to as well. But I, I don't see any downside to this. I think you have to do it in the right way. The reason you have to do it is we can't get attention for our message. We have to go where there is attention. We can't make attention. We have to go get it. And it is with Elon, Democrats have been attacking Donald Trump for a decade now. That is not in and of itself news in interesting. If you attack Elon Musk, you're gonna get more attention. I do think it's important to weave it into a larger narrative and not like just simply calling Elon Musk a dick.


Although I, it was quite funny when Robert Garcia did that. That's not exactly what we have to do here. We have to make Elon Musk be a data point in a larger story, not just about Trump. Because barring a dramatic change to the Constitution, he's not running again. But about the Republican party that's going along with this right about the corruption, about the influence of the world's richest man rooting around in our government, affecting agencies that are investigating his or regulating his companies. It has to be part of a larger story about corruption. 'cause the polls show that people are very concerned about the influence of corporations, billionaires and Elon Musk specifically. And so we should make that part of the story And how it's affecting you. And like, you know, he's destroying jobs and he's breaking government services that people depend on and that keep us safe.


And I think that like making, that's why the whole, you know, the drama between Elon and, and Trump and the relationship and all that kind of stuff. And it's just a, it's a, it's a little bit of a sideshow because I think what's gonna be most impactful is making sure that we connect all of the firings and all of the services that are cut to what Trump and Elon and the whole Republican party are doing.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. We love therapy, right? We do. Everyone needs therapy. Even if you don't think you need therapy, You definitely do The bless you you think you need, the more you need. It doesn't Mean something is wrong With you. No. But you Just, it helps to talk to someone, helps sit, you gotta talk to them, sit down and have someone who, who their job is to just listen and to give you Advice. Otherwise you, you try to change the name of Greenland to Red, white, and Blue Land. Or you try to make a movie where an eight pays a musician boy, Lot of, lot of people that could use therapy in that White House. Yeah. And Congress, including The two billionaires in, in charge of the country. Yeah. Boy they both could use therapy Anyway, If you're listening Elon, go get some better help. What if there was someone that can just be a dad that hugs these men that need Dads? And if you can't do that better help is a good, good option. Just a Government Dad Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties, easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Try better help. Visit better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better Help hlp.com/psa.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of president Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central in streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


In addition, all the polling Axios reports that Trump and Elon face a growing Doge revolt from GOP lawmakers who are quote, growing unnerved by what they see as an imprecise exercise. I would say yes. I love that Susan Collins suggested that it's unconstitutional for the executive branch to refuse to spend money. Congress appropriated no shit and said the administration is quote, moving too fast. Lisa Murkowski told CBS news that the job cuts are hitting Alaska really hard and that a lot of the firings are quote flat out wrong because people are getting told they're losing their jobs for performance reasons when that clearly isn't true because they've had performance reviews that said that they are doing an excellent job and then they get fired.


Meanwhile, the Doge wrecking ball continues to swing with huge cuts in firings happening at TSA, the IRS fema, hud, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the entire agency that helps respond to disasters for people's homes when they, when a disaster hits cutting like 80% of that. They're even cutting the NIH unit that focuses on Alzheimer's research in the morning after Trump told Hannity that quote, Medicare, Medicaid, none of that stuff is going to be touched. He weighed in to endorse the House Republican budget that wouldn't in fact cut Medicaid by $880 billion. Why would he do this?


I mean, I would just wanna focus on the NIH one for a second. I saw, I saw a post of social media about this, which is the most impactful and innovative research on Alzheimer's is coming from NIH and they're making made real progress with therapeutic drugs in recent years and are Yep. Could get, could be close to some sort of treatment or cure. And the way it was described was basically cutting funding for the NIH right now is like taking away your kid's bike the day the training wheels come off. Just after someone told you that they had the possibility of entering the Olympics. Oh Right. It's just like we're we're close to doing something and you were gutting it and all of these things do they do matter and they do break through to people 'cause they're basically finding something that every, every person in America cares about.


They, everyone cares about different things but, and then cutting it and affecting it. And there's, why are they doing this? Not, I can't possibly fathom. You just have a bunch of people who know nothing about government, who don't seem to care about people who view government as the enemy trying to just meet some number of fired employees budget cuts without really thinking in any holistic way about how you actually help people. 'cause they don't think government should help people. That's not what they believe. And we have seen this to a lesser degree in when George W. Bush was president and he got, he put a bunch of hacks in at FEMA and Katrina happened. And this is like the, like we are in dangerous territory here.


This is what happens when people who hate government are in charge of government. The Medicaid thing is gonna be a huge problem for them because either they don't touch Medicaid like Trump said on Hannity, which means that if they don't touch Medicaid and they're not gonna touch Medicare or Social Security and they're gonna add to defense spending, there's just not enough money to cut anything else and also pay for a $4.5 trillion tax cut. So basically then you get down to drastic cuts to all the other spending in government food inspection, NIH healthcare, all this other stuff, right? And you still have just, you just add a huge, huge amount to the deficit because you just give a huge tax cut to rich people.


So that that's one option. The other option is an $880 billion cut to Medicaid, which is what is in the House Republican budget that Trump endorsed. So they talk about work requirements and okay, well if you get Medicaid, you should work. Now, that's kind of bullshit because what happens when you institute work requirements in a state that is giving people Medicaid is you end up just, a lot of people lose their coverage and it's not like they're not working because they don't wanna work. A lot of times it's, they're not working because they can't work. Regardless if you instituted work requirements, it would save you about a hundred billion dollars in Medicaid. Okay? So they want 880 billion.


So you still get 780 billion to go. Okay, Medicaid covers 72 million Americans. It covers nearly half of all births in this country. Half two thirds of all nursing home stays working class people who are just above the poverty line are on Medicaid. By the way, a lot of these people who are on Medicaid, probably most of the people who are on Medicaid now are in red states and are Trump voters. Which is why Steve Bannon's out there saying, why would we cut Medicaid? We can't cut Medicaid. They're gonna have problems both on their right flank. I think cutting Medicaid among some of the, like the populous like Bannon, and they're gonna have a ton of problems.


They already are with Republicans, house Republicans and Senate Republicans who were in vulnerable districts and states in 2026. So I don't know how they're going to get all the math done here and get all these cuts done because you, you start, you cut 780 billion, 880 billion from Medicaid. You are throwing millions and millions of people off their healthcare. I mean, it's a politically insane thing to do. And you're right how they get it done. I mean, the most likely scenario is it has passed the whole thing. Like one way in which they could do is they just pass it with no pay force. Right? They, you can do some things on how they do the CBO scoring, the congressional budget office scoring to make it seem less added to the deficit and you can make it nine years instead of 10 years.


So you can have the budget when there's all this nerdy stuff you can do. It's still unpaid for Don't gim gimmick. It's All's not what gimmick bullshit. Right. But can they get House Freedom Caucus members who are demanding trillions of dollars in cuts to go for that? Maybe, maybe Trump just is like, you know, do it or else Elon Musk will fund a primary challenge and I'll I'll send my part in January 6th goons after you. Well, he got them last time, right? He did get them to do, this is exactly what, this is the, the how things played out in 2017 when they passed their tax cut. Now it's a much narrower majority now, now you can lose by the time this happens, three people probably. But it is, it's fa it's fascinating that they are taking on this sort of in it's an ins truly insane thing to do.


And it's even more insane now that the Republican party is branding itself as this multiracial working class coalition that you're gonna kick most a lot of your coalition off healthcare. It's actually probably it is by the numbers, way worse politics than repealing Obamacare. Way worse. It's more people for more things and more parts of the country. And Bannon gets it and like Josh Hawley gets it, but then I guess they were in their, their senate caucus meeting and Ted Cruz was like, Medicaid cuts must be on the table. And there was like a lot of applause because it's still a lot, it's still Paul Ryan's party and I bet who, I bet we're gonna see Elon Musk tweeting about how we need to gut Medicaid too because oh, The fraud in Medicaid so much about fraud, fraud, State fraud.


Oh, it's gonna be Medicaid, a whole thing. I mean, he's already doing it on social security. Yeah. So I don't think that's gonna help the, the, their cause either. One thing that might help their popularity is the idea they're floating now to take some of the savings that Doge is allegedly making and return that money to taxpayers in the form of tax refunds or checks or something. There's this idea floating around that they take 20% of the savings, the doge savings, and they, they use it to pay down the deficit and they take another 20% and they, and they hand out refunds to everyone a $5,000 check for every family. What do you make of that proposal? It seems like it's probably great politics. It seems like Trump is gonna Love it because he loves sending checks to people.


Like in his somewhat simplistic brain, just giving people money means that they'll support you. Yeah. So I think he would like it. I think there are some real challenges to doing it. One, almost certainly would increase inflation. So that's one. Although Kevin Hassett, who is an economist, I believe, and Trump's economic advisor said it would not, which means he should have to turn in his, 'cause he said if you give people money, they'll spend it. It's like, yeah, Yeah, that's, yeah. Yeah. That's the, you're overheating the economy. So that's one two Mike Johnson, speaker of the house today said that it was essentially said it was a non-starter for him because his caucus wants to, that's more spending, right? He wants to take those savings, he Would say he's, he's doing the math Yeah.


To get to, to get to $5,000 a family. Right. And first of all, they, they cut out everyone who doesn't pay income taxes, which is 40% of people in the country. Right. So then you're given $5,000 and it basically, it's $400 billion is 20% of the trillion that they're thinking they're gonna save and spending cuts. But first of all, doge has saved a couple billion so far. So the idea that they're gonna get from a couple billion to a trillion and then give everyone a rebate seems a little fanciful. Yeah. But I, I wouldn't be surprised if at the end of the day, the tax cut package includes something that they call a Doge rebate that is some number much smaller than $5,000 that Donald Trump and Elon Musk both signed together with hearts over their, the eyes and their names.


And then, Well, you remember, this is what George W. Bush did in the 2001 tax cut. He sent people checks. Yeah. I I mean, it's just, it's, it is, it's too appealing to Donald Trump and to Elon Musk to avoid, so I I I, I could see some version of it ending up in the final, but certainly not $5,000 checks. And they're certainly not finding a trillion dollars in doge cuts that aren't incredibly unpopular. Yeah, that's right. All right, one more thing before we go to your interview with Andrew Weissman. Right before we were recording, Elon Musk did take the stage at cpac. He didn't make a lot of news, but the appearance was so special that, oh, I asked the team to put together some highlights so that you and I could react to them in real time for the first time.


Have you seen any of this? I caught like one part of it, maybe, but I was rushing and I just told Saul, you, you give us the super cut and Dan and I will, will, will react. Yeah. I was doing the Andrew Weisman interview immediately before we recorded, and I learned about his appearance not long ago. So cool. Let's do this. Amazing. Okay. I wish we could, we don't have any video, do we? That's okay. Dan's gonna have to say, the beginning part is amazing. I'll just tell you. He walks on stage and Javier mle, the president of Argentina, hands him a chainsaw and Elon Musk is waving. So the first thing you'll hear is Elon Musk waving around the chainsaw, and then we'll, we'll see what happens.


This is the chainsaw for bureaucracy trade saw in Europe. They put people in prison for memes. Yeah. We wanna go see it and just make sure, like somebody did a spray paint some ladder or something, you know? Yeah. Like, is this real gold fight at the bar? Yeah. We're fighting the matrix. Big time here. Legalize comedy. I am become meme. What is it like inside your mind? I mean, my mind is a storm. Yeah. So it's a storm. So he walked out, Dan, he's got sunglasses on indoors and a, and a heavy gold chain, and he's holding a chainsaw. I don't think he was okay. He seemed really, he seemed kind of fucked up.


I don't know if he was just a little, little punchy, a little silly, but he wasn't making much sense. Something else that happened while he's on stage, literally while he's walking out with the chainsaw, there is a tweet from Grimes replying to Elon, and it says, Grimes is mother of his, some of his children. Please respond about our child's medical crisis. I am sorry to do this publicly, but it is no longer acceptable to ignore the situation. This requires immediate attention. If you don't want to talk to me, can you please designate or hire someone who can so that we can move? That's heartbreaking. Dark. Yeah.


Dark. And this is now the second mother of his children this week that has reached out to him on his platform. But this is what was happening while he was out on stage talking about how he is meme and we should legalize comedy. And he's yelling and he is talking about his mind and going to the, this whole thing now that he and Trump have about going to Fort Knox to make sure the gold is there. What The fuck is happening? Yeah. This is probably, I don't know who the right person to direct this question is, but like, there's obviously some weird right wing conspiracy theory about this that, you know what, I'll, I'll dig into it before next pod.


I will. I'll get the answers Anyway. In case you were wondering who the enterprising journalist that interviewed Elon Musk was it? It was a Newsmax host. Oh, Of course. Of course. Anyway, that's Elon at cpac. All right. When we get back from the break, you'll hear Dan's interview with Andrew Weisman about Trump's attacks on the rule of law. One quick thing before we do that, a reminder that now through tomorrow, Saturday, February 22nd, you will get 25% off new annual subscriptions to friends of the pod. It's the best way to support the work we do here, and you get access to special shows, ad free episodes, our Discord community and more. If you're a monthly subscriber, upgrading is quick and easy. Just visit crook.com/friends or subscribe through the Pod Save America Apple feed when we come back.


Andrew Weisman


Pod Save America is brought to you by Biotics. Preh Alcohol. Let's face it, after a night with drinks, you don't bounce back the next day like you used to. I certainly don't. Nope. I usually have to make a choice. I can either have a great night or a great next day until I discovered Preh alcohol. Z Biotics. Preh Alcohol Probiotic Drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best. Tomorrow I got another satisfied customer. Hmm. My friend Bob. Bob, he was at, we were at a dinner party Saturday night and I told him about Biotics and he said, really? Am I, is this 'cause there was some extra biotics floating around? Really? Is this a real thing? And the next day he texted me, he goes, man, you were right. They did it. Wow. I'm fine, Bob. That's for you, Bob, with pre-Cool, I can stay on track and not let Winter travel and celebrations throw me off. Course. I hate when celebrations throw me off. Course can't be, it Can't be thrown off by celebration. Not, not with everything that's going on. Go to z biotics.com/crooked to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crook at checkout z Biotics is backed with a hundred percent moneyback guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked at checkout for 15% off.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show News team are covering every minute of every hour of President Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central in streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


Here to talk about all of the chaos happening at the Department of Justice and the potential collapse of our whole system of Law and Order. Is friend of the pod, Andrew Weisman, a former federal prosecutor, M-S-N-B-C, legal contributor and host of the excellent podcast, Maine Justice from M-S-N-B-C. Andrew, welcome back to the pod. Yeah, we're gonna do all of that in 10 minutes or less. The fall of Western Democracy. That's right. That's really the running theme of all of our podcasts, these last, this last month here. So Arts as well. Alright, Andrew, let's start with the shakeups of the Department of Justice. This week Trump ordered the firing of all the Biden era US attorneys saying the department is too politicized. This has caused quite an outcry and levels of concern from people out there.


Is this normal. Is it concerning to you? What do you think? So of all the things that have gone on, the, all the actions that the FBI, the Eric Adams case, the resignation of the chief of the criminal division in the D c's attorney's office, all of that as well as the statements being made and by Amy Bove and all of Pam Bondy's sort of day one memos at the bottom of the list is asking the presidential appointed US attorneys to resign. So that is fairly standard.


It's not standard the way it's done. I mean, it's, it's usually not sort of as abrupt and it's not talking about weaponization and politicization. The US attorneys typically, typically do change over when there's a change in party control. So that's not, that's the least of it. In, in my book, If I remember this correctly, when Obama came in in 2009 and he did the same thing as other previous presidents have done, he did leave in place the Bush appointed North Carolina US Attorney. 'cause that US attorney was in the midst of investigating democratic presidential candidate John Edwards. And he didn't wanna seem like he was interfering with that.


Are there any open cases or investigations here that could be affected by these firings? So the answer is yes, but we already have, we Have, we have bigger problems Ex Exactly. We have so many other things that are, are going on. I mean, those kinds of wonderful norms. Let's just start with President Obama brought in the new US attorneys and what he told them is, I know that I have nominated you and the Senate confirms you, but you need to understand your allegiance is to the Constitution, not to me that that is, which of course is like any fourth grader would understand that that's the way it's supposed to work, except that in the world we're in, that needs to be retaught because that's the opposite of what Donald Trump in my view wants.


He wants it first to be you. You are loyal to me. Well, that's a great segue into the Eric Adams case. Yeah. This is, I listen to your whole podcast on this on Main justice, which was fabulous and we could have a whole podcast conversation about it, but could you at least explain, give the short version Yeah. To our listeners what happened here and why this was such an unusual decision and process from the Department of Justice? Sure. Mayor Adams is somebody who was charged during the Biden administration with five felonies. He is a Democrat. And so any sort of claim about politicization is a little weird because it was a Biden administration that charged him.


He was charged about nine months before the primaries here in New York City. This is what's unusual. The first sort of way this blew up is that the acting US attorney in the Southern District of New York that has the case, sent a letter to Pam Bondy saying, I have been ordered to dismiss the case and I've been told to dismiss the case. Not because there's a factual issue, not because we've got the law wrong, but because this is going to, among other things, interfere with Eric Adams ability to carry out the Trump administration immigration policies.


And that is a quid pro quo using from her point of view, using the the criminal case to get somebody to do the political bidding of the president and to make sure that he's doing that. She says they want us to not dismiss the case for good and that could be achieved also by the President pardoning Eric Adams. But they don't want that. They, they wanna do is dismiss it without prejudice so that it's dangling over his head like a choke chain so that he has to do their bidding. And in fact, he has done that. He then appeared on Fox News saying that he would allow ice agents to come into New York City to effectuate arrests in locations.


That's against the law, right? Ex That's exactly right. So, so one point I made with Jen Psaki is this, the current mayor of the city of New York is under indictment federally currently with five felonies. He is out on bail and he is on TV saying ice agents should come in and violate local law. So that's the state we're in. A motion has been made by the acting Deputy Attorney General to the judge overseeing the case to do just what he had directed the Southern District prosecutor to do.


The reason he had to do it is, I think we're up to eight, I might have my math wrong, I never do math in public. So it's either seven or eight prosecutors. Career people, some with stellar sort of conservative credentials have resigned over this as they should. Because the idea that you would use the criminal law to do your political bidding is imagine, Dan, that the next step is, I'm gonna ask a Cong a Democratic Congress person. I'm gonna say, you know what? I'm willing to suspend your criminal case, but you're gonna vote with Republicans during that time and let's see how your voting record goes.


And if you toe the line, I mean that is a quid pro quo also. Or imagine that Eric Adams said to abil Bovie, I'm gonna give you a bag of cash, right. To do this. I mean, all of those things are why you're seeing so many career people say, this is not the role of the Justice Department. And just think about that awesome power that would give the President and the Department of Justice to actually bend people to their will on the pain of being criminally prosecuted and going to jail. The, there was a hearing in this case this week as you pointed out, That the Deputy Attorney General had to make the argument himself because it appears like no one else would do it.


What recourses did the judge have here? Could the judge deny the motion to dismiss? And if that were to happen, who would prosecute the case? So the law is extremely favorable to the government because prosecutorial discretion is something that is recognized as almost uniquely an executive branch function. And as you point out, Dan, if the court were to say, you have to go forward, the Southern District of New York, or now the public integrity section could, the case was moved from the Southern district to the public integrity section by the Deputy Attorney General, where by the way, he moved it. And the, and what happened was prosecutors resign in the Southern District, he moved it to the public integrity section, the public integrity section.


People resign because people are like, I didn't sign up for this. So what can the judge do? He has a narrow ability to say, I am denying the motion. And if necessary, he could appoint somebody to go forward. He could decide that he's gonna have the case dismissed, but with prejudice not with not, not without prejudice. So that there isn't this sort of damocles or choke chain component to it. He could hold a factual hearing. That's what I would do. Because you need to know what is the na, is there a quid pro quo and what's the nature of it?


And make people have to testify under oath. One of the little tidbits that I wanna make sure people understand is Danielle Sassoon, the Southern District acting US attorney, who resigned, noted in her letter that when they had a meeting with the Acting Deputy Attorney General, the, the Trump former Trump criminal defense lawyer, a New York minute ago, that he ordered her people to stop taking notes and then confiscated them. And the acting Deputy Attorney General has not denied that. He has admitted that he did it, but he says he did it to prevent leaks.


That is not facially plausible to me that that's the reason. Because you know how you, you can't prevent leaks by taking notes. Right. People can leak without having notes of their conversation. All it does do is eliminate the written record so that you can lie about what happened If there, if such a factual hearing took place, could they, could the judge demand those notes? Yes. Presuming, presuming they haven't found the bottom of a paper shredder somewhere in main justice. So the answer is yes, he can demand the notes. And if they have been destroyed, that is one, it, it can be used by the judge to as evidence that they would've been favorable to Danielle CSUN's position that there was a quid pro quo.


I mean, to me it's, I mean this is, you don't have to be a lawyer to understand that if you, if you confiscate the notes and shred them, you're entitled to draw inferences from the fact that you did that. If they were helpful for you, you don't destroy them. Right. Right. You, you put you put them in a safe somewhere. Exactly. So the other thing he could do is something that Emmett Sullivan did in the Michael Flynn case. So that is in Trump 1.0 where remarkably, this is like the only other time I've ever heard anything like this happening. And I was a prosecutor for 21 years. The only other time I can think of a situation like this is from Trump 1.0 of course.


And there, what the judge did is he appointed somebody to represent the public interest. He said, you know, I've got the government and the defense aligned here, but that may, they may not be presenting everything because I have Danielle CSUN's letter saying, that's not what happened here. So Emmett Sullivan was in that situation and he appointed a former judge John Gleason to represent and advocate with respect to the law and what else the judge should consider. It doesn't mean the judge had to agree with what that, that Amicus said, but it was important to have another voice at the table when the whole idea is that there's a collusion between the government and the defense at issue.


Last question on this, I'm sort of obsessed with it, so I've gone a long time on it, but yeah. Could a local prosecutor, maybe Alvin Bragg take take up this case? Absolutely. So you're, this is like music to my ears. 'cause I wrote a short piece for just security. Can I just give a big plug because I'm Oh, please. Even though I'm on the board there, the people who do the day-to-day work are so great. Trust security is affiliated with NYU law school where I teach, it's just a, a great place for independent smart analysis. It's also got a litigation tracker. So if you're trying to keep track of the, you know, I think we're up to 80 cases that have been filed since January 20th with respect to the actions of this administration.


You can sort of see it there. But I did a short piece pointing out that Alvin Bragg, the Manhattan District Attorney, has definitely has the legal authority to do this. And he has the state crimes that are entirely comparable to the federal crimes. And I sort of matched them up. And I think your listeners know that Alvin Bragg has done this before, where he, he has stepped into the breach, obviously most famously with respect to the Donald Trump case when the Feds balked. But he did it in the Steve Bannon case as well. Could he get access to, I, I can't remember what happened in that case, whether the US attorney's office shared the evidence that they had gained with Alvin Bragg.


But here, I imagine the Pam Bondi torn dresses would not do that for Bragg this time around. I agree with you that if it has not happened already, their position would be they would not want to do it. But there's reason to think that it may have happened already. We wouldn't, wouldn't know it because it would be under seal. But the prior, when Danielle Sassoon was still, you know, the, the acting US attorney, she could have shared that it is legal to do that under just to be nerdy federal rule of criminal procedures, six that governs federal grand jury secrecy. There's a provision that permits the federal government to share that information with the state prosecutor.


And so that may have happened. And it's worth remembering that although it's not on the same charges, Alvin Bragg has a case involving public corruption of a principal advisor to Mayor Adams. Oh, that's right. That's right. So he's already in the mix now it's not the same scheme. I just wanna make sure, as people know, it's not, it's not apples to apples. But all of that suggests to me, if I were in the, you know, in the southern District of New York, I would've been thinking about making sure that the evidence that I've amassed lives somewhere independent of people who want to engage in bad behavior.


The, on a separate topic, the Interim US Attorney of Washington DC has been suggesting that he's going to investigate and probe people who make threats. He sent a letter to Senator Schumer about a comment Senator Schumer made four years ago about concern about Supreme Court justices. He's, there's been some contact with Congressman Robert Garcia's office. Just what is your reaction to this? Like I know with weaponization is a, is a real term that doesn't mean anything anymore after Trump's in charge, but this sort of weaponization of a US attorney's office. So, can I just say with the word weaponization, like this is, that is a real thing.


I don't want Donald Trump to be able to co-opt it to say, no, you are doing it. No, I'm doing it. Facts matter. And what we are seeing is the actual weaponization of the Department of Justice. And so, you know, I'm big on if you wanna use a label, where are the facts to support it And that that isn't something that they have what, in my view, what Ed Barton is doing. I mean, he's never, as I, as far as I know, has never been a prosecutor. He's, he's engaging in behavior that is completely thuggish. And, you know, this is one of those things where at some point the worm will turn and he will not be in that position if he engages in behavior that is criminal.


There are sanctions for that. If he engages in behavior that violates professional norms. I know this seems small bore, but he can be sanctioned and actually disbarred. So one of the things that I think there's already a bar complaint against him is he is the acting US attorney. He previously was doing defense work and was actually the counsel of record on January 6th cases for those defendants. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean, if you, you know, defense, being a defense lawyer on controversial cases can be a very noble thing. He did both at the same time.


He was, he actually sought to dismiss cases where he was the prosecutor and the defense. That is not allowed in the legal profession. You know, you've mentioned Daniel Sassoon and these members of the public integrity section who have resigned and I, and resigning is, you know, is a principle thing. But also maybe the other way of thinking about it is the principal people keep leaving the department at a time when it really needs principled people. Like, you know, you're a longtime veteran of the Department of Justice. What do you think they should be doing? What's the right thing to do here? What's the best way? Is there a way to protect the rule of law from within the department in the situation they're in? That's, that is a tough and great question.


Here's, here's so when, I think it's a very individualized decision about sort of what you do, but at some point there is no choice because you are being directed to do something that you have determined is either illegal, unethical, or just violates, you know, whatever principles you have. And you can't stomach. For instance, I don't believe in the death penalty. If somebody directed me and said, you have to prosecuted a death penalty case, I would either say, you have to fire me or I'm gonna resign. I'm not, I don't really, I think that's sort of dancing on ahead of a pin about which way you do it, the arguments either way.


So at some point, if you're in that position where you're directed to do something that you, you actually have no choice. I mean, you can't, I mean you can't go forward. You're look at yourself in the mirror. I think the harder situation is purportedly when Amil Bove was trying to find somebody to do the evil deed of like filing this motion and the, the, he takes the Southern District of New York prosecutors off, and then he goes to public integrity of all places the public integrity section that is public corruption cases. And he basically is of Zoom is like putting 'em in a meeting and it's basically cough up somebody or I mean, what I understand is it's cough up somebody or you're gone.


That's sort of the message. And that's where there's a, I think a healthy debate about what's the best way to deal with that. Do you cough somebody up? Do you all resign? I mean, I think there are pros and cons. What ultimately happened was one person who was near retirement said, I'll sign it. And essentially he then saves what I'll call the good people because they don't then all get fired. And so that is a positive. And if you look at the actual filing that he signed, it's really interesting because the attorney who signed it did not make any factual representations that were false.


Everything was the acting Deputy Attorney General has determined the following, the acting Deputy Attorney General believes this, the acting Deputy Attorney General has directed X, so the person put their name on it, but was not going to represent anything as being true or, or his own beliefs. And one other point, when this actually went to court, you've noted that only Amil Bove came. And I think there's a reason for that because if the other lawyer had shown up, and this is essentially what happened in the Rogers Stone case when the same similar situation happened and, and career prosecutors withdrew from the case, if you have that person show up, that would've given Judge Ho the ability to say, tell me what happened.


Like, what happened? Why are you here? Why did you sign it? What's going on? And all of the facts about what happened and what Emil Bove had said to the group of public integrity people would've spilled out on the record. So in some ways Emil Bove was smart to be the person to stand up. But Dan, that's another thing that's out, just so unusual. Not only is it completely unheard of to see career people resign last time I can think of it was Trump 1.0 and prior to that, the of note, it's, it's the Saturday Night Massacre, but the Deputy Attorney General does not go to court. Right? That's right. They're busy, Theoretically.


Well, he's been very busy, clearly. Last question for you. These are obviously very dangerous, scary times for lots of people. The, you know, as you point out, Trump is, and Ed Martin and Il movin are weaponizing the Department of Justice. Things are gonna get a lot scarier. K Patel was confirmed on Thursday to be FBI director. There have been explicit threats made to you. Steve Bannon suggested that you should go to prison for a long time. How are, how are you processing that? What is your reaction to it? How are you thinking about the, the personal risk for yourself? Well, I'm in very good company. There are lots and lots of people on that list.


I still, after all this time, I'm still an institutionalist who believes that facts and law matter, since I, I haven't done anything wrong. It doesn't mean they can't make my life and a lot of other people's lives, you know, hell and a misery. But there are judges in this country and there are juries in this country, and they're grand juries and there are trial juries. And that so far is not an in those institutions have not been undermined. It's a very sad state that we're sort of where we are, but I, I tend to not try to not sort of personalize it and just think about sort of big picture where we are.


And just going back to what you were, we were talking about when you asked what should career people do, I don't really have any other choice because I'm not gonna stop speaking what's on my mind and saying what I think. And like the day I stopped doing that, it's like I can't look at myself in the mirror. And I, and I don't think I deserve any credit whatsoever for that. I think there are a ton of people in this country who feel exactly the same way. Andrew Weisman, thank you so much for joining us. It's always great to talk to you, nice to talk to you and everyone. Check out his podcast Main Justice.


That's our show for today, love. It's gonna be back in the feed on Sunday with the one and only Bill Maher talk to you then. Have a good weekend. Bye Everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin.


Our associate producer is Farris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv, and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.