
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or ip For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip.


Works wonders,


Are you suffering from a sports injury, chronic pain, or something that chest pain hurts? Ortho Virginia can get you on the road to recovery. As the state's largest provider of orthopedic care, our team of specialists offers some of the latest treatments, including surgical and non-surgical care. And with 35 locations across Virginia, you're always close to expert orthopedic care. So visit ortho virginia.com today and discover why stronger starts here.


Welcome, To. Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. On today's show, Democrats prepare a new strategy to fight Trump and get ready to pick a new party. Leader Joe and Mika kiss the ring at Mar-a-Lago, while the new MAGA click sits ringside at a UFC fight. Then NBC News's s Brandy Zadrozny, one of the best source reporters on the RFK beat talks to Tommy about what we know about s plans for the medical care you get and the food you eat. It's funny that they're the best source. It's like she's talked to the worm, The worm, the whale. Yeah, the whale and the, what was the other thing? The bear, the Source. Close To The the bear source.


The bear The bear. RFK Junior is a source close to the worm. We, we, Brandy and I talked, she's also such a, she's an expert in online disinformation misinformation too. And we also talked a lot about the wellness space and how people who consume wellness content inevitably get to a lot of the things RFK Junior is focused on, not just vaccines and, you know, misinformation he pushes around vaccines, but also the broader sort of make America healthy again, agenda, which includes food safety, et cetera, which I think is why he's very attractive to a lot of People. People like West Coast moms and Jared Polis. I'm on the wellness algorithm road for sure. So it's only, you know, right now it's vitamin C in the morning, but we'll see where it gets me.


I'm excited. RRP Junior. Very anti Ozempic. Did you see that? Oh, Well, okay. Yeah. For my cold dead hands four years from now, I don't know what the future holds for this country, but I'll have majaro in one hand and die coke in the other. You'll take it for you that you'll have have to take it from me by force. We also talk about how, like there's some parts of what RK wants to do, that who, who disagree with like healthier foods or getting pesticides out of the environment, et cetera. But how is that gonna work with the broader Trump deregulation agenda? Well, yeah. 'cause the, that's a, the People that used to disagree with it were all the fucking Republicans. Exactly. All right, well stick around for that interview. But first I regret to inform you that the news about Trump's cabinet picks has not gotten any better. Let's start with his nominee for Attorney General.


Matt Gaetz, who resigned his seat in Congress just before the bipartisan house Ethics Committee could release a report about his alleged illicit drug use and sex with underage women. A lawyer for two adult women who already testified before the committee said that Gates paid them for sex, and that one of them witnessed gates having sex with a third woman who was then 17 years old at a house party in Florida. Democratic and Republican senators have said they wanna see the committee's report before voting to confirm gates. Those speaker Mike Johnson says it shouldn't be released. And apparently the ethics committee will meet on Wednesday to decide. It seems unlikely to me that Gates gets confirmed without at least the Senate, if not the public viewing this report.


But what do you guys think? So John Corny was asked about this and he said to reporters that the truth is that the information is gonna come out one way or another. He also said, I think in order to do our job, we need to get access to the information also to protect the president against any surprises that might damage his administration. So John Corn is just looking out for number one, who is Donald Trump? Yeah, I just, I find it unlikely that we won't know most of what's in that report by the time we get to a vote. If we get to a vote, You get 10 members on the House Ethics committee. I was looking at their website today. I saw 28 staffers. Apparently all 10 members had access to the full reports. That's a lot of people. And apparently the, the, the ranking Democrat, Susan Wild, just lost her race.


So what does she have to lose by floating that thing to some nice media member Or Hey, the email is hey, at crooked.com. Yeah. Hey, crooked.com. We listen, we won't, you know, remember when the intercept posted that file and that poor person had to go to jail because they didn't get rid of the copy Marks Reality winner. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, We will not do that. We, we, we Will protect your, your anonymity. Sydnee Sweeney needs no more roles. We're, We're certainly not asking for any classified information. If I Say something we're gonna regret Tommy. Sorry. Right. We do not, we're not soliciting any classified information. No, this is all Public. This is just everything that's public. But You have to think all these Senate Republicans, they know Matt Gates is a sketch ball, but they don't know the extent to which like you would have, you would want to know that information before you vote for or against him. The, the, the risk though, the flip side is he might end up being Attorney General and he can target whoever puts out information about him.


So it's a scary Situation. Yeah. I think there's no way that he gets confirmed or the nomination hearing goes forward without at least the senators on the committee or all the senators seeing the report. I can see reasons, if you take like Matt Gaetz and the specific substance of this, these set of allegations out of it, why a house ethics committee like wouldn't publicize their reports, because especially depending on what they found, if someone is innocent or whatever, you don't want like salacious allegations out there. No, but that said probably leaks. And also if it doesn't leak, you could imagine Democrats on the Judiciary Committee just sort of redoing the investigation in public as part of the confirmation hearing.


Yeah. It's also like we should try to get the report. You don't need the report to know Matt Gates as a scumbag. He famously would walk around the floor of the house showing photos and videos of his exploits to horrified or annoyed or somewhat disgusted colleagues, you know, that as has been reported by members of the house, A US senator who will now vote on his nomination. Right, right. Mark Wayne Mullins was in the house when that was going on. Yeah. And the context here is normally all of these nominees go through an FBI background check, but that background check is requested by the White House, not the members of Congress. So if Trump says that we're not gonna request one this time, it might not happen. Or maybe he'll use an outside firm. So I mean, the, the next chairman of the judiciary committee is gonna be Chuck Grassley Spring Chicken at 91 years old.


He will likely work with Dick Durbin to structure these hearings. Presumably Durbin will have some leeway to call witnesses who could be people who are also associated with this health ethics report. But they would have to be willing to come forward and testify they couldn't compel them. I will say these allegations are incredibly serious, if true, horrific. I hope that they are not the primary focus of the confirmation hearings, just because the position of Attorney General is so powerful. And I think a lot of people, you know, we all think it's pretty scary the idea of Matt Gaetz being Attorney General, but maybe most voters have no idea what they're in for other than Matt Gaetz seems like a scumbag because of these sexual allegations.


But like, I hope they ask him about political prosecutions, civil rights following the law, maybe his position on sex trafficking, which I know is a big deal for his friends at Q Anon. Mm, It's true. And also the, the Senate Democrats could also ask the Department of Justice to turn out over any relevant documents about their investigation into Matt SCEs, which didn't ruin it didn't turn into a prosecution, but they still could have found things in there that are politically relevant. Yeah. The Gates folks are saying, well, Merrick Garland's Justice Department, you know, found him not guilty. It's like, eh, they didn't bring the case. It's A prosecutorial standard. Right. This is something different. This is a political vetting. Yeah. And I agree with you. Like it, it's hard, right, because, and we'll talk about Hef, but like with Gates, right, these are disqualifying allegations.


Right. And they should be enough to make it so that we don't have to deal with someone like Matt Gates in Congress or as Attorney General Or someone like Donald Trump as president. Exactly. But the, but like, these are the most sensational and interesting stories around these cabinet appointments. And what we are seeing is the most radical, unqualified group of people who are promising to do deeply unpopular things as leaders of the administration. And if the focus is on just these stories, we will have missed this chance to talk about what Donald Trump will actually do as president. I do think like there's a way to talk about what these allegations represent and why they are so dangerous to have. An Attorney General has been accused of these things where he's been alleged to do these things.


What it tells you about what he thinks about the law, who the law applies to, who the law doesn't applies to who he respects, who he doesn't. I think there is like a story there you can use to talk about the broader reasons Matt Gaetz shouldn't be Attorney General, but I have, I have the same word you do. So it turns out Trump's pick for defense secretary is also facing sexual misconduct allegations. The reported incident involved an unidentified woman and took place in 2017 at a Monterey hotel where Pete Hegseth was speaking at an event. The Trump transition team apparently has a memo, which we haven't seen, but the Washington Post reports on it says the woman quote didn't remember anything until she was in Heg Seth's hotel room. And then the next day, quote, had a moment of hazy memory of being raped the night before.


Hegseth says through his lawyer that there was an encounter, but it was consensual, that there's surveillance footage of the two walking back to his room, smiling with their arms locked, and that the person involved has tried to quote, blackmail him. Hegseth reached a settlement with the woman that apparently prohibits her from talking about it. Separately, concerns have been raised about a tattoo on Hegseth bicep. It says Deja volt, which is Latin for God, wills it a phrase that started with the crusades, but has been used more recently by Christian nationalists in the far right. The tattoo was apparently why Hegseth was ordered not to deploy as a member of the National Guard to Biden's inauguration in 2021.


An incident that has fueled HEGs, he's complaints about the So-called woke military. Not to downplay the seriousness of these charges either, but in the context of a president who himself has been found liable for sexual assault and dined with white nationalist Nick Fuentes, do you think at least four Republican senators could care enough about these issues to tank Heg Seth's nomination? I don't think we should spend a lot of time on the tattoos, but I think the assault allegations are very recent and very serious. And the Senate has an obligation to investigate them as Hegseth will be in a position of enormous power, and he will manage hundreds of thousands, if not millions of women in his, his role as Secretary of Defense. And so I, I agree, like it's very frustrating because Trump is a managed to evade accountability and this set of issues over and over and over again.


But that Teflon does not apply to everyone he nominates. And we've seen him jettison people that he views as politically inconvenient in the past. I do agree that much like with Gates, I think there's gotta be a broader conversation here about just his utter lack of qualification. I mean, again, this guy, this guy will run an organization, the next Secretary of Defense runs an organization that, that oversees employees. Well over 2 million people. What has prepared you for that weekend anchor? He, he, he personally lobbied Trump pardoned service members who have been convicted or accused of war crimes. Haze would be the primary point of contact for his counterparts in foreign countries at places like nato. How, what like dip diplomatic experience does he have?


He'll be the top advisor on defense policy and military and security issues. He'll oversee an $800 billion annual budget with a wildly complicated acquisition process underneath it. Like 2 million employees More. Yeah. I mean, it's insane. Like what he, 2 million, his biggest RO job was, I think he managed a nonprofit that had between 11 and 50 employees. Five zero. I will say that I have been, when we first, Dan and I first talked about this at some of these cabinet picks last week, and I was talking about like, they don't have qualifications, they don't have experience. And I thought about it, that is actually like a benefit to a lot of Trump supporters and a lot of people who voted for Trump and a lot of people in the country, like they want someone with not a lot of Washington experience or qualify.


Like they don't care. I do think that like the politicization of the military could be extremely dangerous. Right. And I, I would really want to zero in with him on questions of like, you know, there's reports that Trump is drafting an executive order to, you know, fast track the purging of generals. He doesn't, like he's talking about the woke military. Pete Hegseth had comments about doesn't think that women should be in combat roles. People should ask him about Donald Trump in the insurrection act. Like if he, if you have a military that is only filled with Trump loyalists, at least in the senior ranks, it's a real fucking problem. Yeah. The, I I wanna talk about the, the stupidity of the focusing on the tattoo for a moment.


Mm. Because I, I, I saw people talking about the tattoo and then that, that, that it's this Latin phrase and it's a dog whistle for white supremacists. And someone on, on Twitter pointed out that this phrase really wasn't in common use until it was the name of a video game expansion Oh. For a video game called Crusader Kings. And so then the phrase took off a little bit because it was associated with that video game also, the reason people used to talk about dog whistles. It was meant to signal that this was somebody that was, had secretly very dark motives. Right. That they're, that they're not telling you the whole story. Right. They're pretending to be normal, but then you see the dog whistle, he's got a secret white nationalist tattoo.


These people are telling us what they're gonna do, and what they're doing is very terrible. Like, the fact that he has a a day volt tattoo on it just doesn't fucking matter at all. Because we already know that what he has talked about, what he wants to do, whether it was maybe being the person that gave Trump the idea for a preemptive strike in North Korea, or talking about purging the military or whatever other heinous ideas he's bringing to the table, they're no longer worried about speaking in at a tone. Only dogs can hear. And so, like, I like the, the idea that like, oh, he's got a secret white nationalist tattoo. It's not a secret. He's telling us what he wants to do. Yeah. He Posts shirtless selfies. It's not secret at all. Yeah, I, I I agree that it's like, it's a silly sidebar to me and it's easy, an easy thing that Republicans can use to make us sound ridiculous.


Yes. But John, I also worry about like the qualifications trap that you're talking about, because if I'm a MAGA person, I'm like, oh, you don't think this guy who has two bronze stars served in combat, right. Went to Princeton and Harvard is qualified, but you think that all these four stars over there kept us in endless wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and before that Vietnam and Korea, those people were qualified. Yep. Thousands and thousands and thousands of service members killed under those leaders. But my guy can't do it because he's a disruptor. That's a powerful rejoinder. And I agree with you that like even listening to my own kind of litany of questions about his qualifications, I real, I feel like I'm, I'm getting myself in a trap here.


I know, and it's, and it's funny too because we, a million years ago, we're in a campaign with Obama where Obama was hit with all of these Yes. Same accusations, right? That he was like, he was a empty suit and didn't have a lot of experience. And our whole joinder was yeah, he doesn't have Washington experience, he's gonna shake up the system. Right. Change. Right. Yeah. So, but there's plenty to focus on with like their views, right? These nominees, right. And what the views are. And I think that's what we need to get at. And, and that, that speaks to the, the tattoo stupid thing that keeps everything else. Like, forget about, we gotta move away from just the offensive things these people might say, or symbols or this or that or the other thing. It's like what are their views? What are they gonna do if they have power?


And what is that gonna mean for people? I agree, I agree with what you're saying with, with Hegseth, but with Matt Gates specifically, he spent a couple years at a northwest Florida corporate law firm before like Nepo babying his way into Florida politics. Yes. He's different. His only exposure, it seems to criminal law was his own potential prosecution. Like I, I do think a qualification argument with Gates specifically I agree is, is worth making. I agree With you there. I totally agree. And although he's just a career politician, everyone hates career politicians. He though I think has these, these, you know, bullets on paper that look pretty good. Yeah. Meanwhile one major cabinet post the Trump has not yet filled is treasury, which is reportedly causing a little intra mega drama.


The soft consensus is that it's a race between Scott Bessant who heads up the key square group hedge fund, and Howard Lutnick, the CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald and chairman of Trump's transition team. You might have remembered him from his interview with Kaitlyn Collins, where he said, of course RFK Junior is not gonna be Health and Human Services secretary nailed it. Finger on the pulse. But Also where he was so charmed by RFK Jr, he came to become an autism vaccine connection guy. Yeah. Just based on that one conversation with RFK Jr, who must be the most charismatic man on the fucking planet Dark. So Elon Musk tweeted over the weekend that he thinks scent is a quote, business as usual pick, and that Lunik will actually enact change with RFK Jr. Chiming in to say Letnick would be great on crypto. There's also a vocal pro scent camp that includes a lot of Wall Street types and potentially Steve Bannon.


What is the Trump world debate going on here actually about? How are these guys different from each other? Tommy, I, you know, the scene in American Psycho where they're all comparing business cards and they're all just like white with black print, but it's just like, this is bone, the, the typeface, Boston Ceiling rail. You know, I feel like that's what we're looking at is for identical business cards. But there, there's a sense in Trump world that Bestin and another guy named Mark Rowan, who co-founded this massive investment firm, Apollo Management, they would make the markets happiest. They're the least true believer when it comes to putting in place massive tariffs on imported goods, especially goods from China. While Lutnick is seen as more of a true believer on tariffs and going hard at China, and I guess supporting cryptocurrency, even if maybe long term, there's a view that cryptocurrency could help displace the US dollar as the world's reserve currency and, and harm us power abroad.


I also think there's some intrapersonal shit going on over here, though as always with Trump world. Like Lutnick, the co-chairman of the Trump transition, the bulwark reported that there's a lot of people in Trump world who find him aggressive and thirsty for press coverage and annoying. And they feel like he's Dick Cheney himself into the role of Treasury Secretary. I remember when Dick Cheney famously helped George W. Bush find a VP and was like, aha, I found it. It's me. So that seems like there's some intra Trump fighting happening too. Yeah. It sort of, it, it, it's hard to really, like, if you like dig down, like what is the actual policy dispute here Right. Then, like CNN put these side by side and I thought it was pretty instructive, which is like, okay, both these guys are gonna execute Donald Trump's agenda.


Yeah. Right. We know that. But Bessant wrote an op-ed, and he said, tariffs are a means to finally stand up for Americans and this, and, but Lutnick at the speech at Madison Square Garden said, when was America great 125 years ago? We had no income tax. All we had was tariffs. and it does seem like it's lu seems Like he's the kiss Ass. He's a style guy. Yeah. Or, or, or I don't even know if Lutnick is, has those genuine beliefs about tariffs or his, his genuine belief is that he wants the job and will just say whatever Trump wants. And I feel like that, that you always get a leg up on everyone else unless you're, unless you're very public about everything and then try to get too much news coverage then. So that that's why he may not, may not end up in the job.


Yeah. But it's like the, the like the signaling that like, he's willing to say the crazy thing. Whereas I think the money guys are like, listen, we know that Trump is talking about tariffs, but he's not gonna fuck with the markets and we gotta have somebody in there that knows how to speak the language of the markets. Because I look, we're all having fun here. This has all been a big fun joke, but nobody messes with our fucking money. Yeah. There's like tariffs as a threat or tariffs as a thing we do and potentially crater the economy. Same with deportations. There's deportations of the threat and there's actually throwing 20 some odd million people outta the country, and again, cratering the US economy. There's some reports that, that Trump may go another direction from neither of those two, which I, I could get because one thing Trump doesn't like is getting pressured to do something and then actually doing it Yeah.


By either camp. Right. And now that the, you know, the pro scent and pro lunik camps are so public, like, it just like, you know, if if it's, if it's scent, then it looks like if Wall Street wins, you know, and Trump doesn't want that. And if it's Lunik, it looks like, you know, Elon tweeted it, and I'm sure he doesn't like the idea that he's gonna be led around by Elon Musk. There's some maybe a little drama brewing there too. Right, right. It's like, it's a Elon Musk overstaying his welcome at Mar-a-Lago. Yeah. It's like a self-fulfilling prophecy. Right? Like they've created now this, this choice wasn't actually a choice that was gonna determine whether Trump was gonna go hard on tariffs or be against crypto, but like it, by making the choice now, it maybe like removes some of his, of his like strategic vagueness that he loves to have.


So yeah, I can see that Lutnick Was also accused by some of the Trump world of like a leaking the Rubio pick for Secretary of State to the New York Times, and maybe people think he asked Elon to lobby for him on Twitter. And that's just seen as a big no-no to, to pressure the boss publicly. I do think the big policy implication here is like how serious Trump is about the tariffs. And I think they don't know yet because the tariffs in the first term we're nothing like what he's proposing or what he has talked about for the second, for this coming term. And it's one thing to ha to impose targeted tariffs on, you know, aluminum or steal from China. One country you're doing across the board, tariffs on every single thing that's I imported from every country.


Like not only is Wall Street not gonna like that, but like it's, it's consumers are not gonna like that. Yeah. It's be very disruptive. Talk about like inflation and prices. I mean, it's, it could be pretty bad. Last personnel thing we wanted to get into today is Trump's pick for FCC Chairman, that's the Federal Communications Commission. The guy's name is Brendan Carr, who literally wrote the FCC chapter of Project 2025. Trump appointed him as one of the commissioners of the FCC in 2017 right after Trump announced him on Sunday night. Carr tweeted, we must dismantle the censorship cartel and restore free speech rights for everyday Americans. He's also talked about going after the licenses of broadcasters like NBC per Trump's demand.


Anything else to know about this guy? What do you think he represents in terms of policy change and what can an an FCC chairman do? So two big things that I think are not getting the headlines but are pretty important. One is he may have the ability to drive a bunch of money towards Elon Musk and starlink. The second, which I I think is pretty important is the FCC decides how restrictive the ownership rules are around local TV stations. The last time Trump had the FCC, there was a lot of bluster on a lot of different issues, but one of the most impactful things they did was make it easier for there to be consolidation in the ownership of television stations, which has benefited right-wing news organizations like Sinclair. Now that Trump has won the head of Sinclair, the Sinclair CEO said that it feels like a cloud over the industry is lifting.


We're very excited about the upcoming regulatory environment. The rule that stays in place right now is that no one company is allowed to own stations that would collectively reach more than 39% of US households. And no single entity can own more than one of the four largest stations in any single market. Right. These are the kind of last rules preventing even more consolidation in the industry. Carr would like to lift those rules. Some right wing republicans, organizations like Sinclair would like to lift those rules and have even more control over the local news that people get. And those to me are sort of the two biggest right now, things that they can do with power beyond that. It's a lot of like bully pulpit and a lot of look news organizations were already squeamish, right? We saw that after Kamala Harris was on SNL, they gave Trump a free spot on nascar, right?


Like they don't need to kind of bring the hammer down for news organizations and media companies to be afraid of the FCC chair and afraid of having a letter from the FCC chair or afraid of being called into congress for hearing or being kind of investigated. And so that, that to me is the, is the biggest concern. It's like these sort of regulatory changes, but also just someone like this having the bully Pule, He is a very hardcore conservative activist. He is exactly what you'd expect to come outta the Heritage Foundation. And he will know how the mechanics of the agency work to actually use it for power to, to implement the Trump agenda. Whether that's punishing enemies in at tech companies, whether it's punishing enemies in the media, whether it's steering money to Trump allies like Elon Musk.


So he's one of those people that's not like a name brand MAGA type, but knows what he's doing. And I think that's the danger here. It's interesting that he, in the project 2025 chapter, he wants to ban TikTok big time, which is interesting since now Trump is One of many actually in the cabinet now Since Trump has flip flopped on that. So that'll be interesting. Yeah. He talks a lot about regulating tech. Google and meta aren't defined as communication services, so he doesn't really have the authority to do that. They would need to change the law probably with the FCC. The FCC is also prohibited from punishing television and radio stations for editorial decisions. So like you said, love it. It's more bully pulpit than actual.


You talked about ownership, changing ownership so that people can, you know, an entity can own more, he can also block mergers. The FCC can block mergers. So for, you know, communications companies and media companies that he doesn't like. He could, he could stop that. Yeah. That's all. But that, that also then it's like, okay, well that depends when what court this that ends up in front of, right. And so like a lot of this is like how, how much power he ultimately has also depends on how, how much the right wing court is willing to step into the fray. And then more broadly, like this is part, there's like a, there's a, like a lot of this will be about what Congress does. Well, Congress is enamored of the same right wing beliefs about the media that this guy is.


And so like, you know, there will be hearings and it will, this guy will testify for congress about the need to, to stop the censorship provided by big, caused by big tech and all the different ways in which the media is biased against conservative. Like this is part of a long-term effort and they have been succeeding Big, big personnel. The news while we're recording guys, Sean Duffy nominated to serve as the Secretary of Transportation, first real world Boston cast member in the cabinet, but Maybe not the last Wow. Rachel Campos. Rachel, yeah. She might get in there too. Yeah. So We love reality TV representation in government. There's a lot of It, right? There's top down. There have been, there have been great people that have been on Survivor that have run for office.


Somebody think about also some, some misses. Speaking of Yeah. Speaking of needing experience and qualification. Yeah. You see Biden wandering off into the middle distance and, and then Amazon, everyone was like, Hey, were you there? Is that where A lot of tweets that said he looked like he's at the tribal council? Yeah, For sure.


Pos Save America is brought to you by Z Biotics, pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night with drinks, you probably don't bounce back the next day like you used to. Z biotics pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted to a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Listen, I truly do not have any night with drinks without a biotics first. It is the only thing that has ever worked for me like this. I, I feel so much better the next day if I have had a biotics than if I have not. I tell all my friends about it, they're all on board now. I just cannot recommend it enough. I think you should give it a shot because you'll really see the difference. And with our GMO technology z biotics is continuing to invent probiotics that will help with everyday challenges of modern living. Go to z biotics.com/crooked to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked at checkout z biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. Remember head to z biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked at checkout for 15% off


PO America is brought to you by the International Rescue Committee for more than 90 years. When crises strike from war and violence to floods and famine, the International Rescue Committee has been there helping displaced families survive, recover, and rebuild. The IRC responds within 72 hours of an emergency and stays as long as needed providing humanitarian aid to millions of families. Right now in crisis stricken places like Gaza, Lebanon, Afghanistan, and Ukraine. Severe winter weather is putting displaced families at even greater risk. Many makeshift camps can't withstand the extreme cold. Some people live without reliable electricity, while others can't afford the fuel to heat their homes. Pregnant women, children, the elderly and people with disabilities are especially vulnerable. Your tax deductible donations can help the IRC provide critical resources, emergency food, clean water, shelter, fuel, medicine, blankets, winter gear and cash assistance you can give confidently because the IRC is consistently awarded top marks by charity watchdog groups for their efficient use of donor contributions. Donate today by visiting rescue.org/rebuild. That's rescue.org/rebuilt.


Positive America is brought to you by Rocket Money. Can you name every single subscription you have? I certainly cannot. Did you know that over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about with Rocket Money? You don't have to remember every subscription or worry about forgetting any 'cause you can see them all laid out in the same place. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all of your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20% they automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. And then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with the customer service. Rocket Money is over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Rocket Money's amazing. Tons of people here have used Rocket Money to save all kinds of cash. There's streaming services. You forgot about digital publications that you were still subscribed to so many more. It's so easy to sign up for something, forget that, you know, a free month period was gonna lapse and all of a sudden you're paying and then you're just hemorrhaging cash. Rocket Money will go and find those unwanted subscriptions. Cancel them for you. It's a genius idea. Stop wasting money on things you don't have. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/crooked. That's rocket money.com/crooked rocket money.com/crooked.


Let's talk about what the Democrats are up to. There was an article, oh Who, who are they? Yeah, Exactly. There was an article in the New York Times on Saturday detailing the party's new battle plan against Trump, which basically involves democratic governors and attorneys general using their power to protect people in their states. One thing that was notable in the piece was that a lot of governors who seem to be on the Democrat shortlist for 2028 have not yet signed on to this. It's a, it's basically a Pritzker Governor Pritzker led Governor Polis led sort of alliance But. there was no Gretchen Whitmer on it. No. Josh Shapiro. No, Tony Evers. What do you guys make of the plan and the fact that some big name democratic governors haven't yet signed on?


I mean, Some of the plan is just common sense and you fight bad laws in courts. You pass what you can pass in state legislatures. There were other pieces in there that were a little weird. I wasn't sure if they were part of the broader plan, like someone pitching opposition research on the Murdoch family or on Elon Musk. I could imagine why an elected official might want some distance from that. Like big picture. I would imagine that every governor is doing what they can internally to quietly prepare for a second Trump term and have been for a while, but they don't wanna signal that it's part of some resistance 2.0 or some big donor led effort. And they're ultimately gonna frame anything they do as fighting for the people who voted for them, not as part of some broader democratic party thing.


That's my guess. Yeah. Pritzker's office said that not all governors wish to be named publicly because of the potential for to be threatened by a new Trump administration. I was reading their release too. It was a lot, it was hard to find like what it actually is, you know, because there, I mean the truth is the big issue that they're gonna face right away is sort of cooperation with the feds on potential deportations and whether local law. 'cause here's the thing that, you know, ice and, and, and, and the new, the new ice guy Tom Holman has said that like, oh, we, we, I can do it with ice agents alone. We don't need local police. But the truth is, it's a lot easier if they have cooperation with local law enforcement.


And in some states the law says that local law enforcement can refuse to cooperate in some states they don't have to refuse and they can cooperate. So I'm sure a lot of it is probably figuring out what powers democratic governors, attorneys general and local officials have and don't have that are currently on the books or not on the books. And some legislatures are already thinking like, do we need, like, I think in New York they're, they're thinking about maybe passing new laws around immigration. So I think it's, it's a lot of, but it's a lot of like, you know, powers that they currently have. Yeah. It's, it's like what is the value of getting out in front and having a kind of branded response as opposed to like kind of just being ready for anything and fighting where you can, like it is, I think obviously like, like chilling that Democrats are afraid to say the ways in which they will want to fight against Donald Trump for fear of retaliation.


We saw it during the pandemic that Democratic governors had to go outta their way to praise Donald Trump because they wanted to make sure they were getting the supplies and resources they needed that as part of the menace that Donald Trump poses. But I also like, I don't totally understand how the sum is greater than its parts of them all doing it together as opposed to just, they're gonna be fighting these guys the way they fight them state to state. And like, I, beyond that, I don't know, I don't know yet. I feel like it's, we're just in this space, but where, you know, Trump is not yet president. The threat is perspective. We don't totally know what he's gonna try to do. By the way, there are ways in which I am sure Trump and his goons would love to fight with New York about deporting criminals.


And I am sure that these governors, I'm sure the Shapiros and the Whitmers are very aware of the fact that they do not wanna be drawn into one of their first public fights with Donald Trump over stopping deportations of people that I'm, that they will point out are violent offenders like that as a fight they don't want. And so I think like, it's just tricky. And so I think I'm like just sort of, I I'm like concerned about what it means to brand it before it exists and, and what that gets you. They really do want a reaction. They wanna provoke a reaction. Yeah. And, and Trump also confirmed today on truth social 'cause Tom Fitten of Judicial Watch was like, oh yeah, he's gonna use the military to assist in deportations. And Trump said true, which is it's, you know, being treated as, as as news today.


But he said it of course all during the campaign in every interview he was asked. But you can tell that that's the kind of thing where they, they, they want to provoke the reaction and then to say, oh actually this person that we're deporting committed a violent crime. You know, so Democrats are also trying to figure out who's gonna represent them as the next DNC chair On Monday, former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley became the first person to officially launch a bid. Other potential contenders include Minnesota Democratic party chair, Ken Martin, Wisconsin Democratic Party Chair Ben Wickler, former New York State Assembly member Mike Blake, and maybe even former Chicago mayor and White House chief of Staff, Rahm Emanuel. Although reportedly he seems less interested now despite being a decision made by less than 500 committee members, the race for DNC chair will serve as the first big public debate about the future of the Democratic Party.


How fun you guys have thoughts on this and, and what the role of A DNC chair at a moment like this should be? I know, and like Ben, I mean there's a couple different forms there. There could be, you're gonna have to raise a ton of money. You're gonna have to try to coordinate and create strategy for how Democrats get back on their feet and win elections and down ballot races starting pretty soon. You're a key spokesman and fundraiser for the party. You'll oversee the platform and the convention eventually, but by then there'll be a nominee of her running for president. So, I dunno, there's different forms you can imagine. You can imagine someone who's more of a classic organizer that's getting to the nuts and bolts and kind of trying to reshape and rethink how the committee operates.


Or it could be someone that is a spokesperson and just raises a shit ton of cash. And I don't, I I like, I I'm not totally sure what the Democrats want at the moment. Yeah. Sort of the, we've like spent years of seeing endless sort of conspiratorial thinking about the power of the DNC and its role in determining in back rooms who the Democratic party chooses and who the candidate is and whether, you know, they tried to stop Bernie or, or whatever it might be. I like, we have to have a big conversation about the, like the future of the Democratic party. That's like an organizing conversation, that's a fundraising conversation, that's a policy conversation, a messaging conversation. And the DNC chair, it can be somebody that is central to that conversation and like helping to lead it and think about it.


That it can also be someone who is doing behind the scenes operating while that takes place in other forms. I just don't know. I like, I don't, I I think like that's partly what this debate is about. Like what the role of the DNC chair will be in the next couple of years. And I mean, the one thing I, I just thinking about what happened after, so one, so two, two thoughts about this is one, just that what we're saying right now, how we're thinking about the future, it will turn out to be wrong in, in some fundamental ways, right? Like just things will change over the next couple years. We will be overtaken by events. What happens with the Trump administration will kind of inform the politics of the next couple years. But I will say that like one lesson from 2004 that I've seen people talking about is that people took the loss as a need to reinvest in a 50 state strategy to think about how we win everywhere.


And if there's one place I would like the DNC chair to be thinking about, it's how we build and organize everywhere across all 50 states that that is only additive to all the other debates and, and strategy discussions that will be unfolding. I really agree with that. Like I, I know that this will be seen and treated as this first big public debate over the direction of the party. I think that this is, at this moment, this is not the role where you want someone with a strong ideological view of where the party should go or allegiance to one faction of the party or another. Like I just think the end of the day, the DNC chairman of course becomes a, a spokesman for the party, but they are seen as partisan. They go on tv, they give a message, and we're eventually gonna have in the midterms a whole bunch of Democratic candidates and we're gonna have primaries for that and then we're gonna have a primary in 2028 where all of these debates should be worked out.


And I just don't, I I think that the, the DNC chair should be thinking about organization party building. Like someone who, you know, knows that the key to winning is organizing everywhere and building relationships with voters all year round. And so that's, that's sort of what I think. Yeah. And I, and I, this is partly because of when we did this in 2016, I remember, you know, we had a lot of the candidates on Pod, Save America when we just started Pod Save America. and it did seem like it was gonna be this big ideological debate about where the party was. And it's just like that, that ends up not being what the DNC chair good for. It's not the Role. It's not the role. And you'll, you'll have, look in terms of spokespeople, you'll have congressional leadership that will be doing a lot of that.


The midterms will be key, as you said. And look, the, the 2028 presidential primary started on November 6th. Yeah. So that will be revving up soon and whoever wins is gonna be, you know, gonna fundamentally reshape the entire party. So it's not, it, it matters a lot who the DNC chair is, but for I think the reasons that you were talking about, which is just the need to kinda rebuild and organize and, and get back to the grassroots and not, you know, it's less of a spokesperson job. Yeah. And look, I mean, we're all biased. We love Ben Wickler and I do, and I worked with Michael Blake in Iowa Yep. A million years ago and he's been a vice chair. So there's a lot of like great candidates out there floating their names. We've worked for ROM in the White House.


We've had that experience. Yeah, I Was Maybe we, maybe, maybe what we need is someone to yell at us to, to win again. I'd like I, you know, that maybe that No bad ideas in a brainstorm, maybe some more yelling. I'd like to hear more from O'Malley. Obviously, you know, we've known him for a long time just as a public figure. I don't know much at all about Ken Martin, but he, apparently he is, he's not just the chair of the Minnesota Democratic Party or the DFL as it's called there. He's the DNC vice chair because he is also the president of the Association of State Democratic Chairs. So he, he has a position at the DNC now, and it just long time in politics in Minnesota. So I would love to know more from him. I do think that, you know, if Ben decides to do this, Wisconsin was the smallest swing towards Trump of any swing states in all of, but for other states, he has been organizing that state, leading that state for a long time.


He's got a really strong record of winning that he can talk about. So that is, that's, that's one thing in Ben's favor. And he is, he is liked by multiple factions. Yeah. We, we've, we've talked about wishing we could replicate Ben Wickler. Yeah. That's most, yeah. That's What she, and short of that, this is perhaps a way for us to get, get closer to that than we otherwise could. Yeah. And like to, to, to Rom's sort of like the most divisive, one of the names that's been floated out there, I think the credit to him is, in 2006 he ran the D CCC and we won a ton of races and he deserved a lot of credit for that success. And then he was the White House chief of staff and he's was, went on to be mayor of Chicago. I think the record in Chicago in particular though, is seen as divisive for a variety of reasons among Democrats.


He's someone who greatly pisses off the left often on purpose. So, I mean, I think the, the, the upsides for ROM would be a track record of success. The downside would be some pretty obvious splits in the Democratic Party from the first minute. It, it said in the, they reported today that now his interest is maybe tepid because if Durban decides not to run again, he could run for senator in Illinois. Or if Pritzker doesn't run for governor again, he could run for governor in Illinois. If I was rom I would rather do that than come a Million times over. I remember, what are we even talking about? I remember one time in the White House, I can't remember what the speech was about, but I got called into rom's office and he just started like you, like he like yelled at me and I remember just being like, it wasn't like, I wasn't like shit, it wasn't like it was just loud.


It wasn't, it was just, it was the, and I remember saying something like, oh, you're doing the thing where you're yelling does this, what is this supposed to do? What? Why are you doing this? I think you're the only person that's happened to. Yeah. No, and It was just a funny thing. It was just sort of like, oh my God, you're yelling at me. Like the famous thing that happens. Yeah. What, like why, why, what is this tone meant to convey? He, He did that all the time. All right. Before we go to Tommy's interview with Brandy Zadrozny about RFK Jr. Two quick notes on how our friends on cable news are reacting to a second Trump term. On Saturday night, Trump went back to Madison Square Garden to see a UFC fight with his new maga pals. He had Elon Vivek, Ram Swami, RFK Junior, Tulsi Gabbard, Mike Johnson, who did not look like he belonged. They were also hanging out with Joe Rogan and Dana White CNN panelists didn't quite know what to make of this.


Here's the reaction from the Bulwarks Mark Caputo. I mean, and it really looks like ancient Rome here. This is sort of the conquering Republican Caesar who's going into the coliseum and everyone's cheering and he's got his political gladiators with him that, that that appearance isn't just about him enjoying the applause. He's sending a message to the Senate for sure. Like, yeah, not only are you entertained, but these are my people and are you willing to fight? 'cause here's who I have. Okay. Meanwhile Trump's favorite on again, off again frenemies at M-S-N-B-C, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brezinski revealed on Monday's morning, Joe, that the couple made a pilgrimage to Mar-a-Lago for a meeting with Trump that Mika compared to a kind of diplomatic summit.


Joe and I went to Mar-a-Lago to meet personally with President-elect Trump. It was the first time we have seen him in seven years, And it's gonna come as no surprise to anybody who watches this show, has watched it over the past year or over the past decade that we didn't see eye to eye on a lot of issues. And we told him. So What we did agree on was to restart communications. And for those asking why we would go speak to the President-elect during such fraught times, especially between us, I guess I would ask back, why wouldn't we, Joe and I realize it's time to do something different.


And that starts with not only talking about Donald Trump, but also talking with him. It feels like it's gonna be a long four years at CNN and M-S-N-B-C. Do you guys see Trump's return as conquering Caesar in ancient Rome or more of a, a Stalin at Yelta situation? I, I saw that. I was like, guys, at some point we all just need to realize that sitting ringside at a fight and then flying home on a PJ while crushing McDonald's with the boys, that's cool. That's pretty cool. It's a, a fun time. That seems like a good ass time to fun most people in this country. And I think that's what it's about. And there's also, You don't think it was a message to Kevin Kramer and John Corn about the picks?


No. And then, you know, like, I was watching football yesterday and okay, you know, you kidding? I'm kidding. Keep going. Is it what? I was watching football yesterday and then like you have all these players celebrating doing the, the Trump dance. John Jones, who was UFC fighter who won the fight that night that the, the fight Trump was at, he came over and kinda like kissed the ring with Trump. Like, these guys all like him, they think he's cool. There's a huge swath of the culture that is just into Trump. And also just a a like an aside, we worked for Obama. Obama was seen as being aloof and you didn't socialize enough. Right. There was the famous, why don't you have a drink with Mitch McConnell thing? This is the great job.


Absolute opposite of that great job, which is he names these weirdos and goobers to his cabinet and then he flies them all to a UFC event and allows them into his entourage for like the Cool Kid show. And you like dorky little speaker Johnson who, you know, in his day job is setting up software with his son to monitor their masturbation is now like hanging out with Dana White. I mean it's, it's a brand of politics that combines the professional and the personal in a way that I has to be pretty powerful. Didn't see Barack Obama taking Rayla Hood to the Wizards game. Yeah, probably should have. Yeah, I was trying to say if that happened, make A joke.


It's Hit the Republican you put in his cabin. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. The the like the dance thing too. It's like, there's something about it that's like, it's not just like pro-Trump, but it's like anti everybody that hates Trump. And it's like, ha, you lost, you have no real power. Like we're we're done, we're done pretending. Right. And I do like it. That to me is what like, sort of is striking about the whole thing. 'cause it's like, it's like everyone suddenly loves Trump so much. It's like a, it's like Trump exists as like a fuck you. And like the dance is like part of this like, big old fuck you. I will say, man, now if you're gonna, I, I get why Mika and Joe went to see, see Trump this week because like Donald Trump, imagine getting president and basically getting acquitted of, of 5,000 felonies, like all in the same day.


Like he must be the happiest guy he has ever been in his whole life. If there's ever a question you wanted to ask Donald Trump, this is the time I, I see. I was thinking a lot of the reaction to Mika and Joe Go was like, oh, I guess all that, that Hitler rhetoric didn't mean much. I'm like, maybe they didn't really believe it after all. I was like, or did they believe it too much? Yeah. And that's why they went, yeah. To go kiss the fuck. Like, Hey, Mr. Trump next to us, you don't Crawl towards Kla Khan because you think he won't kill you. Yeah. Like, do we, do we think it's just to like repair the relationship so they can have hard hitting journalism? No, they're fucking probably scared. I trying To get off of the gates Hitless.


I look, I, I'm trying to take serious, we all should reach out more. Try to understand the other side, interview them, talk to people who disagree with et cetera. But like, you don't host the kind of establishment show in Washington for decades without access. And that's what this trip was. They're just trying to reestablish that. And remember Donald Trump almost was, wanted to do their wedding at the White House, And then he called Mika a crazy psycho who was bleeding badly from a facelift right on Twitter said that. I forgot about that. The, The other cultural, it's been a long, long eight years. It's Been a long Eight years. It's great work. Eight years actually. If it's true, it's great work. The the other, they're just watching this sort of swing on a cultural dime.


Really is, it's amazing to behold, in 2016, people were, you know, a lot of them were ashamed of supporting Trump or they didn't tell people they didn't have Trump signs. But now, like again, this NFL player named Nick Bosa, he plays for the 49 ERs. He wore a Trump hat during, I think it was like a pre-game or post-game interview. And he got fined by the NFL. And you know, the kind of narrative on the right is like, ha, he can do that in your face free speech, whatever. A decade ago it was black NFL players kneeling during the anthem and they were told that they were insulting the troops and you had Trump tweeting about them and how dare they bring politics into sports. And just like the pendulum has swung so thoroughly, it is head spinning.


Yeah. You also see like right wing stories about like, you know, CBS censors, the Trump dance. They don't want America to see the Trump dance. They're just like spinning it up because like, to like, it's like they're making, they Don't want people to see the double jerk off. Well it's, it's just sort of like, it's like it's, it's both like, it's like they are in power. Trump has won, they control all branches of government. Like showing your support for this is somehow both like, like you're, you're embracing the most powerful forces in American life and it's like an act of resistance against the kind of like woke mob. And man, we gotta figure out, we gotta figure out politics that's fun because this sucks.


Just sucks. That is the key thing. Like those photos and videos of Trump walking to the UFC thing surrounded by goobers, it looks really fun so that it looks like a party people want to be a part of. And we have to figure out how to emulate that. Yeah, I Akeem Jeffries to go toss sus get on the plane. We're all going to sus. I mean, the first step is not to fucking whine about it, right? For That, That is the, for that is the first step to not like, or Or pretend it's something that it's not, it's not like a threat. It's just a guy going to a sporting event. Well, it's like, once again, they want the reaction. I saw a bunch of like rightwing commentators on, on X being like, the libs have been kind of silent since, since we won and they're not complaining and, but like they, they exist to have the fight, right?


They want the fight, they want the, they want the liberal tears. Us, us, they want people to Right? Like, and if you don't give it back to them, they get pissed, you know? Okay. When we come back from the break, you're gonna hear Tommy's conversation with Brandy Zadrozny about RFK Junior and all the wellness and vaccine skepticism. Craziness that got us to where we are today. One quick thing before we do that, this week on assembly required Stacey Abrams talks with historian Heather Cox Richardson to see how history can be our guide in charting our path forward. Together they dive into strategies for countering disinformation and harnessing state's rights. And Stacey answers Audience questions on getting involved. Listen to the latest episode of Assembly Required Now or watch on YouTube when we come back. Brandy Zadrozny


Positive America is brought to you by Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translate to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, and more. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. Tons of people here at Crooked Media are using lumens. You put in your health goals, baa bing, baa boom. And then every morning you blow into the device and you get a reading on how your metabolism is firing. And then within seconds it gives you a nutrition plan for the day to keep your metabolism at an optimal level. It's very cool. People are really excited about Lumen around here and you should give it a shot. So. if you wanna stay on track with your health this holiday season, go to Lumen me slash crooked to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/crooked for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Patte of America is brought to you by Ether Apparel, the best company for clothing that fits any adventure. Ether has everything you need. Insulated jackets, fleece sweatshirts, water resistant pants so much more. Since 2009, ether has celebrated the restless spirits, the adventurers, wanderers, and explorers who know every moment is a chance to create unforgettable memories. Just like my friend John here. Their purpose-built highly technical outwork offers colors, fit function, and unsurpassed versatility. It's all the tech and function you need without sacrificing the look. They're engineered to withstand the most rugged terrains and endure the test of time backed by the Ether guarantee. I have an Ether jacket first, so you should go to the Ether website and check it out. They have sweaters and pans, but I got one of the jackets. And what I really like about it is they have very kind of comfortable outdoor jackets, but they look really nice. They're just like, they're just look a little bit nicer than the competitor ones. I got this navy blue warm kind of fleece like jacket and I just really, really like it. Get ready for your next adventure with Ether Apparel and for a limited time, our listeners can get 25% off orders, over $400. Just go to ether apparel.com and use promo code crooked 25 at checkout. That's so here's how you spell it, does not like it sounds. A-E-T-H-E-R apparel.com And use promo code crooked 25 for 25% off orders over $400. Don't wait. That's ether apparel.com.


FX presents say nothing based on the gripping true story in New York Times bestseller. In 1970s Belfast two young and idealistic sisters joined the IRA to fight for United Ireland, graduating from rioting in the streets to robbing banks and planting bombs. 30 years later, one of the agrees to a tell all interview about her ferocious and fascinating past under the condition it would only be released after her death. FXs say nothing. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.


I am so excited to welcome to the show today, Brandy Zadrozny. She's a senior reporter at NBC News. She specializes in misinformation, extremism, and the intersection of technology and politics and who someone whose work I have read for a very long time. Brandy, it's great to see you. Oh, thanks for having me. Thank you for doing this. So I just wanted to start big picture. I mean, the context here is Robert f Kennedy. Jr is now nominated to be the Secretary of Health and Human Services, very big job. And I want to talk a little bit first about how we got here, because I imagine for some listening, Robert f Kennedy's popularity is quite surprising. But for others, especially those who consume kind of wellness content on social media, the issues he's talking about are very familiar.


Kids foods being unhealthy, additives dies in food, fruit loops, how stuff we eat here is actually banned in other countries, corporate capture of regulatory agencies, et cetera. Can you just kind of describe for listeners the wellness media space and how you think that has helped Kennedy build an audience? Yeah, I mean the wellness media space was, is really a woman's space in so many ways in terms of consuming, right? And so, you know, we can talk about this in, in the, in the frame of Kennedy himself. You know, the way that he became where he is now is truly a story of women.


It's a story of women on the internet who had babies who were sick and they didn't understand why. And so this was a real problem they were facing. They, you know, no one had an answer for them. And then they came onto the internet and there was this really burgeoning community of wellness mamas of autism moms, they called themselves Warrior moms, this Jenny McCarthy era that we remember pretty well of women saying, there's no answers for us, so we're gonna find some ourselves. And he became a champion of these women. You know, they literally came to his door with a stack of, you know, papers and data and said, see the data shows this. and it did not then, and it does not now, but he became their champion and he went to spaces like churches in Harlem.


He went to spaces that people who had real health concerns weren't being heard and said, I am your champion. I have an easy answer for you as conspiracy theorists do. And gave them that answer. He grew his organization from one that was making, you know, less than a million dollars in 20 15, 20 16 to an organization that's making, you know, 20 something million dollars a year now. It's huge. and it was a big movement anyway, even after, you know, we decided that Jenny McCarthy's and that like whole campaign was no good. We didn't want it, you know, in public anymore. It was relegated sort of back to the internet. But then Covid came along and with COVID that audience of like moms who were looking for answers for why their babies were sick.


Now was everybody looking for answers for what is this disease? What is this sickness? What causes it? We were all, you know, I was, I was taking, you know, wipes and like wiping off my groceries. Yeah. We just were all scared. And so just, his audience just exploded and he, this has been saying the same thing that he was saying, those moms, the world is sick. I know how to fix It. Yeah. I'll never forget, like Clorox wiping every individual clementine knowing that I was gonna peel that thing at some point. It seems, it seems stupid in hindsight, but that's how scared we were. Yep. But yeah, I, I wanna get to this broader cause the, the Make America healthy again cause but let's start with vaccines because that has been Kennedy's focus, primary focus for, you know, 20 plus years now.


He could be very evasive though when asked about what he really believes about vaccines or his claims about their efficacy or the harm that's caused. Can you just give us a bit of the backstory about how he kind of came to the vaccine cause and, and what he's been saying and how those claims have evolved over the years? Yeah, so he came to the anti-vax cause in 2005, again, he was giving these environmental talks and a couple of women who were at the forefront of the movement came to him and said, you know, you could be a great champion for us, basically. And so he wrote this article that was really well received.


He was on Morning Joe or whatever it was called at the time he was, John Stewart interviewed him because he wrote this article saying basically that the CDC in a secret meeting in Georgia determined that autism was caused by vaccines and that they weren't telling anybody. It was a big coverup. That probably sounds like a familiar storyline for him now even to people who aren't familiar with them. But that was the storyline that has since been retracted by Rolling Stone and Salon. We learned that not only that piece that he wrote, but also the wider research that he based his piece on, including Andrew Wakefield's debunked study about the MMR vaccine causing autism that has all been debunked at this point.


He never backs down, he never says, Ooh, maybe I am wrong about that thing. Despite the fact that he says he does that a lot. And I was still sort of reporting on, on the movement generally, but in 2015, I was working at the Daily Beast, and this is an interesting story and I'll keep it short, but I was, I was working at the Daily Beast and he came to my editor in chief at the time, John Avalon, and said, I have a, an essay that I want printed in the Daily Beast. And the headline was, I'm not an anti-Vaxxer, okay. And that was the moment where he was like, had no like, wanted to sort of turn the story around. He was tired of being called an anti-vaxxer. And he's like, I'm not one.


And he laid out this whole reason why it was given to me to fact check. And so I fact checked it. He had tons of footnotes in the bottom. I called the people who had written the studies that provided the footnotes and they were like, this person's crazy. No, that's not what my research says. And furthermore, don't put my name in this 'cause I'm afraid that his minions on the internet are gonna reach out and harass me. That was 2015. So he's been wanting to say that he's not an anti-vaxxer for a long time. He can say it forever and it's just not true. When, when Covid happened in 2021, that was the first time that I had seen him saying, we don't have to hide anymore. Anti-Vaxxer is fine.


And so he said on a podcast this thing that I think about all the time, he, he told these other people on the podcast, this is our moment, you know, no, we've been hiding in the closet as anti-vaxxers too long, afraid of our family disowning us. But Covid has now given us this big audience. People are believing what we're saying. And so now he said, I go on my morning hikes and if I see a woman with a baby, I tell her, you better not vaccinate that baby. You better save that baby. And so the idea that he could even claim to be not an anti-vaxxers so wild, he says that no vaccines are safe and effective. And if you believe that, then it's curious to me, if he's then why wouldn't he be an anti-vaxxer?


Why wouldn't he own that label? and it seems clearly because he's in this space where he, he wanted mainstream acknowledgement. He wanted mainstream acceptance, whether running for president or now as this HHS secretary pick. Yeah. And, and just to dig in a little more to his claims, I mean, his primary claim for a long time was that an additive called th Marisol was causing autism because it was in vaccines. My understanding is I think th Marisol has now been out of basically all vaccines for decades, but rates of autism did not collapse when that happened. And RFK, as you just mentioned, has not since said, Hey, sorry I was wrong. What he does is he shifts the goalpost and he says, well, actually now the problem is that th Marisol is in the flu vaccines now, nevermind the fact that I think a little over half of kids age, six months to 17 years, got the flu vaccine in 20 23, 20 24.


That was down from pre covid levels, by the way. And the single dose flu vaccine, which is the most popular kind, doesn't have any thy Marisol in it because it's a preservative that you use in multi-dose vaccines. But this is what he does, right? He just, when you call him out on a factual error, he just shifts the goalpost. And this is why he's so challenging to, to debate as a public figure. And it's so nebulous. Like he, he does this thing called the gish gallop, which I, I know that you're familiar with. It's, you know, just giving, just throwing spaghetti at you and you know, seeing what sticks. He has a lot of facts and figures. He talks about like, well in 1999, you know, the the vaccine, it was increased to this many shots and that many shots. And so at the end of it you're like, whoa, that man really sounds, he like, he knows what he is talking about.


But in general, like I've interviewed him several times, I have read everything that he's written, I have watched every podcast I think that he's ever done. And the main idea of his worldview is actually so broad and nebulous. It's that it's that one vaccines don't work. So he's a vaccine truther. He doesn't believe that the polio vaccine solved polio. He doesn't believe that vaccines have saved us at all. He thinks it's this like larger issue of sanitation, which of course makes us healthier. But he, his main idea is that like vaccines don't work at all. And he may not, so now he's like, okay, maybe it's not thi Marisol though he does think that was dangerous.


And he was right at the time and has never said he was wrong, but he's now thinks, well it's some sort of environmental toxin or something else in the vaccine, must be it. That's what you're talking about moving these goalposts. And so it's, it, there is no fact checking him. There is no, like, if we can just show him that this is wrong, then surely he'll change it. He'll just go on to the next thing. Yeah, Actually, I came across this claim that the polio vaccine didn't work actually. 'cause I was watching Joe Rogan talk with some of his buddies about the Trump interview and sort of, it was actually Rogan's frustration that Trump in that interview named Polio as a successful vaccination campaign because in fact, Joe Rogan did not think that was true. And we, we don't have to belabor the audience here, but to your points like this, this goes beyond just the Covid vaccine.


It, they're, they're questioning all vaccines. But let's get back to RFK because if he's confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kennedy would oversee the Food and Drug Administration, the Center for Disease Control, the National Institute of Health. He would advise the president on health policy. He would oversee the regulation of drugs and vaccines, biomedical research, hh s's massive budget. Generally there, I saw a quote from him the other day that if he gets the job, he's gonna say to NIH scientists, bless you all, thank you for your public service. We're gonna give infectious disease a break for about eight years. I imagine that means r and d, but what, what kind of things do you think Kennedy could do with that power as, as Secretary of Health and Human Services that might impact drug or vaccine availability or usage in this country?


There's so much he could do. A former HHS secretary called the position a shocking amount of power with the stroke of a pen. And so on day there, I mean, I, I could, we could talk about just this one thing forever, but the thing that people are concerned about that I talk to in the public health space are a couple things. One, there's, there's an advisory panel that basically of doctors and experts, public health experts that meet and they look at all the science around vaccines. They look at the safety signals, they look at the data, and then they make recommendations for certain vaccines. Those, those recommendations are then given to the states that make their recommendations and make their school policies, stuff like that.


He could disband that tomorrow if he's in power. And like that would be really helpful to him actually. And Children's Health Defense, his organization often makes a big show of going to those advisory panel meetings and, and having their anti-vaccine activists make hey, at those meetings so they get airtime and public comment, stuff like that. That's long been a, a target for them. So there's no reason to think that he wouldn't do that. If we don't have data and we don't have good people weighing in and we don't have advice to give states, then that could hurt the public rollout of vaccines. Also, vaccines are like, it's not like it comes, it's, it's a really complicated process actually to get vaccines into enough children that it, they have herd immunity in this way that they can, we can ward off diseases like the measles or whooping cough, which is rising now.


And what that takes is lots of public-private sort of partnerships working hand in hand and that a lot of that funding comes from HHS. He could say tomorrow all of this stuff, all of these, like those partnerships, we don't need those. Let's turn off the lights there. He could do that tomorrow. I mean, you know, we could go on and on and on. But he did this, this interview with a colleague of mine recently, and he was asked, would you stop vaccines? Would you stop give, giving people vaccines? And he said, no, no, no, I would never, I would not do that. If you want a vaccine, you can have a vaccine. But he could make getting vaccines very, very difficult. He could also, this is an important thing.


He could also, you know, vaccine makers have liability against lawsuits for, because they were being frivolously sued in the seventies. Vaccines are not a huge money maker for drug makers. And if they're sued by, you know, people who have their child has an illness and they'd like to explain it with a temporal association and they get sued, they might say, which they were starting to do, this isn't worth our time. And so they have this liability, he could take all of the vaccines that currently enjoy that liability and he could erase them basically. And so that would change quite a bit. And the last thing he could do that he's already signaled that he wants to do, and not the last thing that's a lie.


But one, another thing he could do is that he has said that he wants to look under the hood basically of, of the, all, all these departments and look at the data. And Lunik, the chair of the co-chair of Trump's transition team had sat on CNN the other day. He wants to look at the data so he can show that they are unsafe. Right. This is not science that's Cherry picking. Yeah, Yeah. And so what happens when, what happens when the head from the government, the head of, you know, HHS is, is giving us giving the public misinformation that says vaccines are unsafe. You have a lot of people who aren't gonna vaccinate because of that, and you just need 10%, whatever it is that threshold to say, not for me to cause a public health crisis in this country like we have never seen.


And, and just to give folks a, a real world example of, of such a public health crisis, can you just tell us the, the story of RFK junior and anti-vax and Samoa, because I think it's instructive. Yeah, so in 2019 there was a measles outbreak in Samoa and there was a measles outbreak because two babies had died after receiving a measles vaccine. Now There was space in between when those children died and learning why they died and it, they didn't die because the measles vaccine is dangerous. They died because two nurses incorrectly mixed the vaccine.


And so instead of mixing that vaccine with water, they mixed it with a steroid and it killed these babies. It's tragic, horrifying. But in that space, when no one knew what was the cause, there was a lot of fear. And so people in mass stopped vaccinating. They were supported by a couple of local activists and misinformation provided by children's health defense, specifically from Robert F. Kennedy, who came to Samoa with his lovely wife and, you know, met with government leaders, met with anti-vaccine activists, and then came back and wrote a letter to the, the head of the government of MOS saying in effect, don't vaccinate.


Now, people started dying as they do, mostly small children and babies as what happens when you get a measles outbreak. And so I think in total 83 or close to that, people died. The government reacted with an immediate vaccination campaign, but, but it was too late. And so a lot of people died. And more than that too, a lot of people got sick, a lot of babies got sick. And I know you have a young child at home. Yeah, I too, A lot, a lot of kids needlessly got sick, which is really sad too. Like we don't wanna pepper over that. Right. Or like skate over it. And so after this measles outbreak happened, I asked Kennedy about this.


He's been asked other places about this, but he denies that the measles killed those children and killed those 83 people and instead thinks that it has something to do with the vaccination campaign itself. Although he's been a little quieter on that conspiracy theory only because it's linked to the deaths of these children. And he'd very much neither like him nor his organization to be linked with that. Ugh. He's just like, it's like the most everyone's had a relationship with a friend or a partner or that person just will never concede an inch or ever say they're sorry or ever give you just like a little, like, you just want, I want you to say sorry one time and then then we can be friends again.


and it just, they won't do it and address you insane. And that is Robert F. Kennedy stepping back from my weird psycho babble and away from vaccines for a second. There is this broader Kennedy agenda, the kind of make America healthy again agenda. And I think it sounds very reasonable. I want my kids to eat healthy. I don't want my kids ingesting pesticides or chemical additives. I think he's right that there is corporate capture of regulatory agencies, meaning it's more likely the corporations are telling the regulators what to do than vice versa and people kind of siphon in and out, right? All of that is true. What I don't get though is how Kennedy is gonna solve these problems when so much of the Trump agenda is deregulation.


And you've got Republicans getting I think $40 million from Koch Industries, for example, which does, you know, they have the chemical industry, they're in the ag industry, Trump got tons of money from the tobacco industry. So there's all these, you know, there's all these cross pressures and something's gotta give, right? I mean, how do you think Kennedy is going to be able to sort of exist in that ecosystem when you've got Lee Zelin over at EPA, for example, who I, I'm guessing is not gonna want to overly regulate pesticides? I don't know. I mean, I don't, I'm shocked constantly. I am constantly in a state of shock about like why people are doing nothing makes sense to me ever.


So I don't, I don't, I can't like pretend to peek into the President-elect brain and determine like why or how he would get this. He wouldn't listen. Kennedy says a lot of things that are not true. Kennedy says that he is gonna go into HHS and figure out within two months he says what is causing the childhood disease epidemic as he states it, you know, obesity, asthma, like literally everything that befalls children or that could, he's gonna figure it out within two months and then within two years he's gonna fix it all. Hmm. So like, I, I don't, I don't know what he is gonna do.


I also don't know, people have asked me for over a decade whether Kennedy means it, whether he believes any of this stuff. Yesterday I saw him on a plane eating McDonald's and drinking a Coke. And I was like, wait, but I thought like, this is, I'm so confused. So maybe getting so close to the halls of power is enough to make him say, you know, I did what I could and not mess with things too much. You know, I do know that there are a group, a large group of people, these, you know, autism moms, this, this anti-vaccine movement that he's built that treat him like a God.


And that he could say basically whatever he wanted in terms of like, what I tried, what worked, what didn't, and they would be fine. My concern is that I, I just, I have to believe, or I still hold onto the fact that Trump in 2017 met with RFK, you know, signal that he was gonna do some sort of vaccine, whatever with him, vaccine, make him a vaccine czar, have like a working group or something. And then better angels or smarter advisors came and said, don't do that. And then that was squashed pretty immediately. I don't, I don't, if he gets confirmed, I don't know if he gets in, how long will he last before Trump says actually, like, it probably wouldn't be a really good idea to spark a public health crisis on like many different friends.


Maybe people wouldn't like if I did that and got rid of him. TBD. Yeah. TBD and, and look, I, you know, it's not just that we're hoping for better angels to, to get to Trump. It's also, I think we, there there might be be corporate interests that get to Trump and they just say, Uhuh, this guy's not gonna do it 'cause it's gonna hurt our bottom line. But I I I think you're getting at something that is, it's kind of hard to convey to people about Robert f Kennedy Jr because it sounds kind of harsh and it sounds very partisan, but the reality is he's just incredibly dishonest. And I know he is a famous guy and I know he is named Kennedy, but like, you know, a year ago we had Jake Tapper on this show and Jake told us how back in 2005 around that Salon Rolling Stone article that you talked about, that Kennedy wrote that was later retracted about vaccines and autism.


Jake did a piece on it for a b, c news and he had this conversation with Robert f Kennedy Jr and the way RFK represented, what they talked about was just like entirely fabricated, utter bullshit. And of course, you know, the, the representation was that, you know, Jake called him and be like, look man, I gotta pull the plug on this thing because big pharma overlords or beaten down my neck, right? Like, just didn't happen. Nonsense. But RFK tells the story this way including like a, a few months ago. And so I'm trying to understand how there's that reality and then there's RFK Junior's popular appeal, but then also he has like supporters in big places, big tech, Hollywood sports, Aaron Rogers politics.


I mean, you, you spent time with RFK, where do you think his appeal comes from and, and how have these lies not caught up to him really? So the first line, I'm gonna mess it up, but the first line in RF K's book American Values is something like, I knew very early that the world was made up of gods and monsters, good and evil. and it was like, no, no, it's not like that's a really problematic, like for me as a person who knows that the truth is almost always found in nuance. That's, that's a problematic worldview. And I think that it is very intoxicating, especially for someone who's looking for an answer and not finding one.


Right? There are a lot of frustrated people out there that, like you said, I don't want crap in my kids' lunches. Like my kid has not a great lunch at NYC public schools. My, you know, my kid who needs special education, cannot they, they can't figure out the bus on time for him. Like, COVID is scary. Wealth gap is real. Like the money, I'm never gonna buy a house. Like, there's just all of these grievances that that have no home politically it feels like. And so when a person like Kennedy again is saying, I can fix it, I think it's very, very alluring and it's not just health, right? He ran on this campaign of all of these sorts of issues and having these very, very easy answers for them.


And I think that's, having a person that knows all the answers is an intoxicating thing. Having him be a Kennedy is an intoxicating thing. We tell, we are storytellers, we tell ourselves stories for everything. And I just, he's, he's a, he's just a, a crazy alluring figure in that way, way, I think intoxicating is is the perfect word because there is that time when you read something and you feel like you just learned like kind of the Rosetta Stone to solving like a whole worldview. And it's this amazing empowering feeling. And before we started recording, you know, I, I said to you, I wanted to approach this conversation with empathy. 'cause I think these are understandable feelings. Every parent wants to protect their kids.


If your kid is harmed, you want to know why and you want to prevent it from happening again. A lot of the women you were talking about who sort of like getting these Kennedy messages we're doing it at a, a, a, a moment of real emotional vulnerability and trauma. I know for my wife and I, we experienced a ton of pregnancy loss and all of a sudden TikTok knows, and you're bombarded with information about potential causes or fixes or fucking snake oil and then covid, right? Upends everything and pours gas on all these feelings. And I feel like actually raised some, it was a more legitimate conversation about vaccines that were relatively new and mRNA technology being new and vaccine mandates versus people's freedom not to take them, right?


And so it just all got so much more complicated, but now it's like, I, I can't remember if it was in one of your stories or someone else's stories or something else I was reading, there was an effort, people were shown kind of anti-vax conspiracy theory video and then as sort of a test, they tried to show them these researchers that video with kind of fact checking below it. And in fact the fact checking actually hardened people's views a about, you know, sort of their, their belief in these conspiracy theories they were hearing. and it just made me want to wonder, okay, what's the best way to talk to people in our lives about these problems? Like everyone has a family member or a friend or someone who is vaccine hesitant or anti-vaccine at this point.


What, what do you think, what's the best way to approach that conversation? I mean, in terms of health misinformation, I I, I don't know if you and I around the Thanksgiving table or whatever can make much of a dent in someone's belief in that way because like, like again, health misinformation, if we zoom back, has always preyed on the vulnerable and the vulnerable are new parents. Even if you have healthy kids, right? Where you're just like, I don't know what to do with this beautiful baby. Like, and it's all, it's literally life or death. Every second going a nap is life or death. And so that's a very scary place to be in.


And you're googling all the time at 3:00 AM in the morning. And so like, and and like the same is true, you know, beyond this. Kennedy's also like a cancer truther. He, he's got like these wider ideas too. So like, again, people that have cancer and it's not getting better with, you know, the doctor or whatever, they're, they're looking for these other avenues. I I sort of one, I do think that empathy is always the way to go for anything. Like, I don't think being mean to people and making them feel stupid or like is ever gonna make anybody sort of see your side of things. But like we have got to get to a place somehow where like experts are in the same places that these like influencers and who are chasing clout or cash or whatever it is.


And you know, that is Kennedy too. Like what, where they're so available, their content is so quick. And you know, we did that a little bit during Covid. There were I think doctors who were like, this is where we need to be. We need to be online and we need to be authentic. We can't be like, you know, it, we have to show them, show our homes. We have to show our own struggles. We have to be creators. And like that really works. I think sharing content from creators who are meeting these other creators where they are is really, really helpful. So like I have a, a host of doctors and creators that I follow like that and you'll see in their comment sections people that have come from the wellness space that have come from, you know, the Dr.


Mercola's and the Kennedys who were only talking about that and now they have an answer to some of their questions from someone that they actually trust because, and I'll just say one more thing is that like, you know, Kennedy likes to talk about how nobody trusts Congress, nobody trusts government, nobody trusts the media and he is the answer to that, right? But like Kennedy is a lawyer, I remember they were always the butt of the joke, right? In terms of trust. Like we should not be trusting this man. And when you see these content creators up against Kennedy, I think that stands a real chance of breaking through. Well, yeah, and, and you and I both have sort of obliquely referenced this sort of wellness scene a couple times. I mean, can you just tell us a little bit more about that? How people are getting drawn in and then do you, is it a a profit motivated scene or are these people who are true believers?


Of course it's probably a combination, but what's your sense? I don't know. I really, sometimes I like there are content creators that are so out there, like the woman who said that you could heal your eyes that, did you see that there was one that said like, you don't need glasses anymore, you can heal yourself. It's just big Ophthalmology. Oh, she's right. Yeah. She's got it. She's got it. That's true. I mean, I you don't have glasses and I do. So who's the real user? Big, big glasses. That's me. But yeah, so like it it really is like a spectrum. Yeah. And like, I like, again, like it's a big, it's a big movement of women. Like again driving sort of a lot of this content creation. And so like it's, I like girly stuff.


I like wellness, I like, you know, I'm a crunchy person, I'm a crunchy mom. And so like it's a big industry that's like mostly fine actually. Like a lot of it's just fine content mommy blog and stuff. And then it's, but it's that, that small portion that's just sort of insidious and gross and leads you to like these websites where they wanna sell you, you know, lemon supplements to cure your cancer, which gets problematic. Right? Or like natural sunblock 'cause the other sunblock doesn't work and you shouldn't wear it and it actually makes you burn the one I really don't get as a pale person. I find that very offensive. I know the one I don't get is That's Nicole Shanahan's thing. Yes, it is Nicole Shanahan's thing. The RF K's former vice presidential nominee. The one I really just don't get is raw milk.


Why do people wanna drink raw milk so bad? Ew. I don't like have they never been to a farm? I just, it's so crazy that that's what you wanna do. I don't, I don't know. I mean I, I lived in Vermont for a while, I've seen lots of farms. Me too. I've seen the cow being milked and you could not pay me to drink that. It's, it's dumb, The milk stuff, it's pretty close to the poop stuff. You always want to keep that in mind. Do you think there were errors by the government or tech platforms when it comes to talking about covid vaccine efficacy, the kind of silencing of the va? Did, did did that make it worse With a conspiracy theory? A pretty important part of making it bigger is being able to say or just saying most of the time.


But if you can say it and it's true, that's even better that nobody wants you to know this. Yes, Yes. They, This is the, they, they, this is the answer they don't want you to hear. And so like that was a really big part in propelling some of this misinformation. So like that was a problem. I think that platforms should have a north star generally. I think if you're gonna, if you're gonna be the steward of a public square, then you should probably, you know, make sure that your parks department keeps it clean of trash. You should probably make sure that, you know, if you have a naked person screaming, well that's not good for kids. Like let's get that guy outta here and you don't want people just propping up booths and selling snake oil all the time.


That would probably not be a fun place where like you'd want generally to come. Right. And so like I sort of think the same thing of social media platforms. Twitter was not perfect. Like yeah it turns out probably shouldn't have stopped the, the Biden laptop from spreading. That was probably huge mistake. Absolutely huge mistake. Probably shouldn't have labeled so much. Just from what we know now from research labeled so much Covid misinformation probably should have knocked Kennedy off when he was breaking the rules in 2018 and 2019 against, you know, targeted ads or misinformation around vaccines when we were having a measles outbreak.


We knew about that then. So like I think you can get the worst actors off your platform. You can try to provide good information where you can and you can not get so in the weeds that it gets outta control. But like I'm, you know, I'm, I don't know how you say that 'cause I don't know sports, what are they, quarterbacking, armchair, Something like that. Monday morning quarterbacking, That's me. Yeah. So it's a hard job. Content moderation is really, really hard. And until Musk fired them all, there were some really thoughtful people doing some really thoughtful work. Did they get it right all the time? No, but like my big take from the Twitter files was just that there were a lot of really professional people trying to keep their platforms safe. Yeah, you're not gonna get it right a hundred percent of the time.


Yeah, I mean, I gotta tell you, like I have a lot of people that say to me, which of these cabinet choices are you the most worried about? Is it tulsi? 'cause she's a Russian stooge, blah, blah, blah. I think we all should stop saying that stuff by the way. Or is it, you know, this person or Matt Gaetz? For me right now it's Robert f Kennedy Jr because as you mentioned, I mean I have almost a 2-year-old, I have a six month old. I'm just worried about them being at physical risk period because of fearmongering, because of some step to limit access to medicines that they need. I mean, I think, and like right now we're holding out hope that Republicans spike Robert f Kennedy Jr because he is pro-choice and they really want a pro-life nominee.


That's where we're at. So that's, that's good news for us. I, I'm, I'm not a political person, I'm just not, but like, it's such a dangerous, dangerous idea and I talk to doctors all the time. I talk to pediatricians who've like cried to me just like hoping, hoping that this doesn't happen. Like when somebody says I wanna dismantle public health. Yeah. Like we should believe them. Yeah, We should believe them. Brandy, where can people find your work? UMBC news.com and I'm on blue sky, so Oh, you're blue Skyer. I haven't gone over there yet. Yeah, I'm worried it's gonna be a lot of like, you know, progresses either agreeing or telling me that I suck 'cause I'm not far enough left.


That's what I hate about threads actually. I find it just like, ooh, insufferable. Everybody's like signaling how whatever they are, I just don't like it blue sky. It has like very early Twitter feelings where it just feels like a fun place to be. Okay. And like that's, that's all I'm looking for in these dark, dark times. Maybe I'll check that out. Please do it. Brandy Zadrozny, thank you so much for coming on the show. Thanks for all your great reporting on this. I think people should follow you because I do, you know, look, the science is not a clean, easy process, nor is media or information gathering or combating misinformation. I think it's gonna take lots of intensive work by people like you to, you know, build a body of evidence that this guy is just wrong and dangerously wrong.


So hopefully we'll keep it up. I hope so. Thanks. Thank you. That's our cha for today. Tommy will be back in your feed tomorrow with guest host Liz Smith, one of the smartest democratic strategists out there. You'll also hear Dan's interview with Senator John Tester on Democrats problems in the Heartland and how we can make our brand more appealing. Talk to everyone soon. If you wanna listen To Pod Save America ad free, or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts. Consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America Feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Solve Ruben. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dure, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Keman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans, Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentera Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


Data centers are the giant computers that power our digital economy, but they are so much more. I'm Stephanie Wong. I'm the host of Where the Internet Lives, a podcast from Google about the unseen world of data centers. We're exploring how data centers are making the world a more resilient place. Over five episodes, we'll hear stories about data enabled solutions to wildfire predictions, fixing the aging electric grid, eliminating waste and fighting heat waves. Listen to where the internet lives, wherever you get your shows.