
Today's presented sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. With the election, just two weeks out in tensions running High, ensure your Home is secure with SimpliSafe Active Guard. This advanced system creates a true perimeter of security with live agents actively monitoring and responding to potential threats. Whether you're busy with election activities or following the results, SimpliSafe provides the peace of mind you need, knowing your home is protected. Love it. Put in a SimpliSafe all by himself. Installed it. No problem. So far so good. Yeah. So far so good. I heard Pundit actually did most of the installation. Pundit did do most, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Old school home security systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard Outdoor Protection. It's the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen with Active Guard. Simply Safes 24 7 monitoring agents. Keep a close watch over your property and actually stop crimes before they happen, while other systems only react after a break in. SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and proactive protection, both outside and inside your home. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. And I'm Alex Wagner. On today's show, Donald Trump's former chief of staff John. Kelly goes on the record to confirm that Trump praised Hitler and thinks he can use the military against domestic political opponents. Kamala Harris sharpens their closing argument, and Barack Obama wraps with Eminem. Then Senator Sherr Brown Stops by to talk with John about pulling out an all important win in Ohio with me, discuss all of it is my friend Alex Wagner, host of Alex Wagner, tonight on M-S-N-B-C, and a fixture of their special election coverage. Alex, thanks for being here. It's a thrill and an honor. Dan, You were on the ground in Pennsylvania for a few days this week. Yeah. And you did a live show from there last night, right? How was it? I sure did. It was a lot.


I, I was with Victor Martinez, who's the, like number one Latino radio host, Spanish language radio host, and based outta Allentown, I was at a barbershop in West Philadelphia. I was meeting with Trump supporting Republicans in East Philadelphia. I was with John Federman in Red Counties for Trump. It was fascinating, and I gotta say like, I got an earful. I got a lot of perspective, but if you ask me which way that state's gonna go, I wouldn't be surprised if Harris won it, you know, tally or Trump won it Tiddly or it was neck and neck and we didn't get the vote count for like 14 days after election day. It just feels incredibly unpredictable and very, I won't say volatile, but just unknowable in a way That's really feels like this election.


Yeah. Unknowable. Yeah. All right, let's get into the news today. For as long as Donald Trump has been around the presidency, he's had staff who walk away and tell people how disturbed and scared they're about his stewardship of the country. The problem is they hardly ever go on the record with those charges. Less than two weeks before the election. However, Trump's longest serving chief of staff, retired Marine General John Kelly, did an on the record recorded interview with New York Times reporter Mike Schmidt. Let's take a listen. What do you think? Do you think he's a fascist? Well, I'm looking at the definition of fascism. Those are the kind of things that he thinks would work better in terms of running America. The former president is in the far right area.


He's certainly an authoritarian admires people who are dictators. He has said that. So he fa certainly falls into the, into the general definition of, of fascist for sure. He would, he commented more than once that, you know, that Hitler did some good things too. And of course, if you know history, again, I think he's lacking in that. But if you know what his, you know, Hitler was all about, it'd be, you'd be pretty hard to make an argument that he did anything good. If you know what Hitler's all about. Yeah. Look, it's hard to be shocked By, peel back the onion on Hitler, peel back the onion.


Right. A complex figure. It's hard to be shocked by new revelations about Trump thesis. But I do think hearing the audio from one of his closest advisors saying that Trump praised Hitler is a fascist is shocker least should be. What do you make of this report? Well, I mean, I think first of all, like when the conversation begins with, so do you think he's a fascist like that? Just, let's just say like we are in a different space with this candidate and, and the TLDR of that John Kelly answer is like, if it looks like a fascist and it walks like a fascist, it's a fascist. If you have a, for, you know, a former general who is by all accounts not a hair on fire liberal, like someone nope.


Who is as into the concept of law and order as anyone else, as any person could be, not as anyone else. And he's out there saying, Trump's a fascist. Yeah, it should alarm everybody. I mean, I think the issue is there is, especially among Trump supporting, you know, voters out there, a disbelief that he'd actually carry through on it. Like, yeah, sure, he likes dictators. Sure. He's, you know, into light fascism, or not light fascism, just full on fascism, but is that really gonna come and affect my life if he's reelected? And that's the fundamental problem here. Having said that, I think there's every reason to focus on this. I think that it should alarm everybody. I don't think we should sane wash his comments.


And like, it's obvious that Donald Trump isn't a student of history or a student period. So like when he says Hitler did some good things, that doesn't mean he's reading some like deep cut history of, you know, Hitler. It's just that he has a personal, he, there's a proclivity to words, you know, Hitler style fascism. And he can't really explain it away except to say that like in his mind, he believes that Hitler wasn't all that bad because in his mind he agrees with Hitler. Yeah. It's not like Donald Trump is so deep into the history of World War II era Germany that he's familiar with. I don't know, the Public Works projects of Nazi Germany or something like That. Exactly. He knows only what, what the most basic thing to know about Hitler is he knows Holocaust and it's not good.


He knows Holocaust, he knows Holocaust, and he's right. And he seems to not have a giant problem with that or be not be disturbed by the idea of praising someone who did that. Well, It's revealing, I think. I think it's revealing. I think these two things together are extraordinarily revealing. You know, he may be a wannabe fascist, he may ultimately be a failed fascist, but fascism is where he is at. And the the, I mean, you hit on what is has been the challenge of this. Trump will be a dictator on day one argument, which Democrats have been making since Biden was the candidate. and the fundamental challenge of that argument is that for all of the terrible things that Donald Trump did as president, most people do not believe he was a dictator. Now, what we're learning from some of the accounts of the presidency, the Trump presidency that came out afterwards, what we're learning from Kelly in these interviews, what we've learned like 14th hand double secret code from like Jim Mattis and Mark Millie, is that Trump tried to do these things and he was stopped or distracted or whatever else from a series of people.


And what we also know is those people are no longer gonna be around him. Yeah. Right. He had one lesson Trump has learned since 2020, and he is not somebody who learns a lot of lessons, but is that he wants enablers around him. And so instead of the people with the big names and the stars on there and the medals and all of that, he wants someone who's gonna do what he wants. And so there will not be some, if John Kelly, as he talked about in this interview, did make it harder for Trump to use military force against American citizens. There's there. The next person may not, will probably not do that. And that's, and that's very, very scary. Now, so you have John Kelly, a four star general saying he's a fascist. We have Mark Millie telling Bob Woodward that Trump is a fascist. We have all these alarming accounts. We have a report in the Atlantic, which has people talking about Trump, most likely, Kelly, talking about Trump wanting to use military force against his, against domestic political enemies, the enemy within the thing he's saying on the campaign trail all the time.


And it's a huge deal. But it doesn't, it feel a little bit like we're sort of like, people aren't alarmed enough that it's just, it happened. Cal gave the state, we'll talk about in a minute. It's, it's getting some coverage, but just like we're kind of numb to it. Am I right? Are you, Are you getting that same impression? Well, I think it's, I think it's two things. One is there hasn't been enough focus maybe on the Stooges around Trump in part because it's about the Trump show. But you remember Garbage Pal kids, Dan do, are you old enough to I do it, I do. It's like there should be in the way that I think there's a, there's much broader understanding of, of Project 2025, it would have been slash it would be great for Democrats to say like, these are gonna be the arc. These specific people are gonna be the architects of a, a second to Trump administration instead of just like this policy paper.


Right? These are the real human beings who are gonna let Trump unleashed do whatever he wants to do. Right? I mean, maybe that would help in the context of showing that what what came before is not what will be in a second term, right? You won't have those same sort of career professionals, people who care about the Constitution in the White House. You'll have this bunch of clowns. But the second piece of it, which I think speaks to the broader question of why this doesn't resonate more, you know, in, in a more, it doesn't pierce the veil, if you will, around Trumpism and Republicans drawn to Trump, is I think for as many reports as you have of, you know, Millie or Mattis or Kelly coming out and saying, this guy's a fascist. You also have events like the one last week where Trump's standing on stage at a town hall and dancing to Ave Maria and Hallelujah for 45 minutes, right?


You have him like slinging fries to a bunch of like vetted Trump supporters who have been cleared by Secret Service at a McDonald's. You have him in these kind of absurd, situational kind of political comedies that I think make people think, oh, he is not that bad. He's kind of just like a a, you know, he, he, it, I think it reminds them of their crazy grandparents or their crazy uncles, which now apparently is an asset in American politics where you, they say outlandish things, right? They do things their way, but they're not actually a harm to the rest of the family. And like, so there's always a point counterpoint.


And I would also say most of you know, people who are in the tank for Trump or excited about him aren't reading The Atlantic, right? They may hear passing mention of the fascism stuff, but the, but the dancing on stage cuts through the noise better because it's memeable, it's on the internet. It's just, I mean, I just think the, the, the, the, the sort of political comedy of the Trump candidacy is more widely known than the darker, you know, fascistic tendencies that he has embraced and will embrace in as potential second term. So, you know, I think it's a problem, like his character, a character study of Trump is, is necessarily, I can't believe I'm saying this kind of a complicated thing in that way. Yeah, yeah. I, I would say that's, I'd say that's right.


There's, there's a lot of issues there. Yeah. He really could have used a lot of therapy is my take. Oh my God, Yeah, definitely. Maybe some medication. It's all the above. A couple of points here. One, you know, the inevitable this part of this discussion is, is anyone gonna care is gonna make a difference. And one of the challenges we have, which is why it's gonna be incumbent upon Democrats and the Harris campaign to make people know about this in the next few weeks, is just the distribution pipes of media are broken. Most people are never gonna see this. Not just 'cause in the Atlantic and the New York Times, but their things were in the Atlantic, New York Times for decades. And they would eventually reach people because it, they would be on, it would be in their local paper, which they would see every morning when they went to check out the sports scores. It'd be on their local news, which they would watch every night before dinner.


'cause they wouldn't know what the weather was gonna be the next day. It would show up in their Facebook feed because Mark Zuckerberg thought it was a great way to make money by distributing news for free to the public. None of those things happen anymore. So it's just so much of the conversation only happens among political junkies who opt into political media. So it's not gonna osmotically get to voters. The second thing here is, and you hit on it really right, is that what people usually see about Trump is him talking about Arnold Palmer's manhood. Yeah. Or serving fraud, or That's a gener That's a gener term for it. Anyway, sorry, it's manhood. We know specifically what you're talking about, Dan. I, I'm just trying to keep this show family. We know a lot of our listeners family show, I don't do a good, I don't do a great job of this.


I use the F word a lot, but, but you won't. People, the word penis show people definitely don't say that. I mean, I don't know if you listen to the last episode, but whatever our yearly allotment of dick jokes is, Jon, John, and Tommy Way surpassed it. So we, You're reel in the back end out here. Manhood. Yes. We'll go with manhood. Or wait, what is putter? Was his putter Arnold Arnold Palmer's the size of Arnold Palmer's putter, that that does defang some of the scary stuff. But I just wanna say this, which is, it does feel unlike 2020, like we are ambling into the abyss here as a society. I agree. Everyone knows how dangerous he is. He is telling us the things he's saying on the stump are way more dangerous than they were then. And now it's not a theoretical exercise because he has instigated a violent insurrection that led to the loss of lives.


Like it is real. We know what's happening. I'm glad John Kelly did this interview. He went, I'm glad he did an audio interview with the New York Times. He should be commended for that. But if you truly believe that Donald Trump is a fascist who wants to use military force on his domestic political opponents, you have to do more than call Mike Schmidt. Right? and the same, same goes for James Mattis and Mark Millie, every, all these other Trump people, Mike Pence, George, other Republicans like George WB Bush, people who were saying, I don't really like Trump, but I'm gonna write in, I don't know, Ronald Reagan's spleen or whatever you're gonna do in your ballot. This, if this is really as bad as you say it, as you have to do more. Like, I you, there's that story in the New York Times the other day about how Jamie Diamond and Bill Gates and these other business leaders are for Kamala Harris, but they're afraid to say it.


Yeah. Like, if you truly believe what we are, if you truly believe that Donald Trump is this dangerous, you have to do everything possible to stop him. Yeah. I And it doesn't feel like it's a society we're doing that. No, It doesn't. I mean, the fact that Dick Cheney came out before George W. Bush. Yes. And so obviously as voting for Kamala Harris is just shocking. Like the idea of sort of the presidential club, it like, that's, it's a wrap on that. I mean yeah. He should be out there campaigning for Kamala Harris. I will say also as not a student of history, but someone with just passing understanding of, of, of what has happened, fasc and dictators also do loony old grandpa style things too. Yes. Right. Like, there, there, we should seek no comfort in the idea that he loves YMCA, like that is not gonna prevent him from jailing journalists and going after political opponents.


I mean, Fidel Castro has all sorts of personality, had all sorts of personality. And Sy CASSIEs, I can, my mom's from Burma where there's a military hun in charge, those guys are pretty wacky too when they're off hours. This is all actually the portfolio of behaviors around dictatorial tendencies and, and fascists. So, I mean, I don't mean to underscore, I don't mean to undermine the notion that he's an incredibly dangerous, that I just don't think people think of it that way. I think it's like we have this Marvel comic book cont like conception of villain hood and it's like you're all evil all the time or you're a good guy. And Donald Trump has the ability to make people laugh as he shreds the Constitution. And I think, and I honestly think part there, like the fact that those Republicans have not come out and that they're not endorsing Kamala Harris and why ever Mitt Romney isn't endorsing Kamala Harris has to do with some, I think, personal reluctance to fully wrap their arms around the danger that is being posed by a potential second Trump term.


You know, they, they are alarmed because of personal experience, but it's, it's, it's shocking to me that they haven't made the leap towards doing everything they can to stop him. And that suggests that something's holding them back. Yeah. And that, I mean, it's to the credit to the Cheney family for doing this, who seem to at least understand that their era in Republican politics is over. Yeah. And or if it's ever to come again, it has to begin with stopping Donald Trump. And so it is, you know, look, I don't know that George W. Bush would make a huge difference. He's not that popular. He's kind of seen as a, as a failed president turn painter. Yeah. But still just like, leave It all before the painting's. Amazing. I just, I'm a huge fan of the painting. I wish he had started with that, started with that, Sorry. If he had led with the painting, if he had just had a really inspiring art teacher in seventh grade, perhaps American history would be, would it be changed for the better if You'd just gone it to Jerry Gagosian instead of, you know, the ranch at Crawford, Texas.


Anyway, we'll, we'll never be able to undo those, those eight years. But yeah, I'm not saying it. I guess what I'm saying is it's not that I think George Bush would be some incredible campaign surrogate, but I do think there is this, I mean, I, this moment is about a, a a sort of cultural norms and people feeling like they're inside or outside of like the America that wants to preserve democracy. And like, really it's like you want everybody who's a fan of democracy. You want groundswell of that sort of support to be obvious to anyone that is voting in this next election. and the more people you have inside the tent of like the pro-democracy tent, I think the better that is in convincing anybody who's still on the fence or sitting on their couch and unsure of what they actually wanna vote.


And this is not a crazy argument, actually, the folks at Blueprint Poll tested closing arguments and the best testing closing argument, especially with independence, is this the idea that most of Trump's cabinet and and senior staff are not supporting him. So you can only imagine that his former chief of staff, who also happens to be a four star general being on the record saying these things would help with that. So more people doing that is good. Okay. The vice president this morning went out and gave a brief statement to the press, reacting to the Kelly interview. Let's take a listen. It is Deeply troubling and incredibly dangerous that Donald Trump would invoke Adolf Hitler, the man who is responsible for the deaths of 6 million Jews and hundreds of thousands of Americans.


All of this is further evidence for the American people of who Donald Trump really is. This is a window into who Donald Trump really is from the people who know him best, from the people who worked with him side by side in the Oval Office and in the situation room. And in a second term, people like John Kelly would not be there to be the guardrails against his propensities and his actions. Those who once tried to stop him from pursuing his worst impulses would no longer be there and no longer be there to reign him in.


So the bottom line is this, we know what Donald Trump wants. He wants unchecked power. The question in 13 days will be what do the American people want? What'd you think of her message? I mean, right on. Right. Like these comments, these audio tapes, these deserve a pla real platform. They deserve focus, they should drive the news. They aren't normal, despite the fact that they've been echoed, you know, over the years, like we are reaching a crisis point. And I think it's right for her to highlight it. And I think, you know, her speaking in very serious terms about what has been unearthed by a phone call with Mike Schmidt and the Atlantic and Jeffrey Goldberg is like, is absolutely right.


I mean, as a matter of political strategy, I don't know what it does. You know, I don't know if this is the thing that, that moves people and with 13 days left to go Yeah. I dunno if it moves people either. I think doing the statement's the right thing because it kind of like the, the Atlantic story came out and it got a lot of online attention. Right. I'm sure I didn't, I wasn't able to watch tv. I'm sure you guys talked about it on M-S-N-B-C last night, and then the Mike Schmidt interview happened a little later in the day, I guess, or at night. I couldn't really tell when that happened. But what she wants, and that is even more damning to Trump. 'cause now you have the audio, which matters a lot Yeah. In this media environment because you can now that audio can now travel the world on TikTok and Instagram and elsewhere in a way in which just the written words just can't.


Right. It's not the, it's not the right medium for this media moment. But if you want something to be a story, you gotta go make it a story. And one way you make it a story and you make it part of the conversation is to go talk about it, give it more, give it more pictures, give it more audio for it to circulate to people. 'cause the only way the people who are gonna sign this LEC are gonna see it is they're not picking up the New York Times to see it. It is. The New York Times runs it. Kamala Harris talks about it. A bunch of people then talk about it on social media and TikTok and whatever else. And then it get, and then it randomly shows up in their feed because the algorithm chooses to show it to them. And so you gotta just pour gasoline on the fire so that I think that's the right thing to do. Yeah. From a message perspective, what I really like about this is that she tries to go right at the concern you raised at the top of this pod, which is, if he wasn't a dator before, why would this time be different if he didn't shoot people last time?


Why would he shoot people this time? And she makes the point that John Kelly and people like John Kelly will not be around him next time. And so that has changed. The context from which Trump is operating is changed. He's now surrounded by people who will let him do these things. And so just 'cause it didn't happen before doesn't mean it'll happen. Now the now there's a lot more work to do to make people to, to hammer that message home in a very little amount of time. But I thought the way she did it there was Right, She needs to have like a picture or a fathead of Roger Stone and Steven Miller on either side. Like, these are the guardians. This is what we're looking at America just saying. Do you think putting up large pictures of Steven Miller's a good way to win an election or a bad way to win an Election? No. I mean, listen, that's who is gonna be his minder, that guy and the other guy who wears a bowler hat for fun.


I mean, you know, these people can't be trusted. We don't wanna get into what Roger Stone does for fun. He's Fair point. He's a fair point. It's a family show. It's a family show. Yes.


Pod Save. America is brought to you by Calm. There's a lot happening these days. It can feel especially stressful or hopeless when things are outside of our control. But Calm can help you restore your sense of balance and peace amidst outside chaos. It's nice. Calm is the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. Calm knows that everyone faces unique challenges in their daily lives. And mental health isn't about a one size fits all solution. That's why Calm offers a wide range of content to help you navigate life's ups and downs. Meditations can help you work through anxiety and stress, boost your focus, build healthier habits, and take better care of your physical wellbeing. There's also sleep stories, sleep meditations, and calming music that will help you drift off to restful sleep quickly and naturally. It's nice to have a little meditation before sleep that you don't have to do on your own, but you just have an app and you, you put your headphones in and whoof you're asleep in no time. It really Is the best sort of bang for your buck for 10 minutes. It's the easiest thing in the world to be. If you can just get yourself to do 10 minutes a day, a little mindfulness meditation, a little deep breathing, you will definitely feel better Breathing exercises. I thought it was all hocus pocus. Really works. Hocus pocus. How's that for, am I from the fifties? I am Mark Fav just Popped in. I'm so old. Stressless, sleep More and Live Better with Calm. For listeners of our show, calm is offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription@com.com slash crooked. Go to CA lm.com/crooked for 40% off unlimited access to com's entire library. That's com.com/crooked.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. You can get 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain at Squarespace dot com slash crooked. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Speaking of bespoke digital identities, what's your experience with Squarespace? You got A good website idea for the, for 2025, let's see If Trump wins. Is there a website where you can, there's like a widget you can install that, that you avoid all news altogether? Oh, that's pretty good. Probably not good for our business, but think It's called going off the grid. That's very unabomber of you. That's, That's something that I'd want. I was gonna do one that's just tasteful nudes. Oh, Tasteful nudes. But it's like sheer stockings. That's what I didn't mean that, that, That you can, that You can eat. I didn't mean pornography. Oh. Oh, I don't know what you're talking about. We're out. We're outta control. We're outta control. Go to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


With less than two weeks to go, Kamala Harris is getting in front of every voter possible. She's doing a CNN town hall in Pennsylvania tonight, then has a rally with Bruce Springsteen and Obama tomorrow in Atlanta. And a rally with Michelle Obama in Michigan on Saturday. In between all those things, she's gonna Texas on Friday for a rally focusing on abortion rights where she'll record an interview with Brene Brown's podcast. And yesterday she sat down with Halle Jackson of NBC News, your sister network for an interview that aired on nightly news last night. Let's take a listen. Last election, the former president came out on election night and declared victory before all the votes were counted. What is your plan if he does that again in two weeks? Well, let me say this, we've got two weeks to go and I'm very much grounded in the present in terms of the task at hand.


And we will deal with election night and the days after as they come. And we have the resources and the expertise and the, and and the focus on that as well. So you Have teams ready to go, is that what you're saying? Are you thinking about that as a possibility? Of Course. This is a person, Donald Trump who tried to undo the a free and fair election who still denies the will of the people who incited a violent mob to attack the United States Capitol and 140 law enforcement officers were attacked. Some who were killed. Would you consider if you win and he's convicted a pardon for former President Trump? I'm not gonna get into those hypotheticals, I'm focused on the next 14 days.


But do you believe, is there any part of you that subscribes to the argument that has been made in the past that a pardon could help bring America together, could help unify the country and move them, move on. Lemme tell you what's gonna help us move on. I get elected president of the United States. Lot of tough questions are on a whole bunch of topics. What'd you think in the interview? I thought it was good. You know, I think Halle asked her some questions that yes, we would love a vice presidential candidate and potential president to answer, but I absolutely get why she would not negotiate with her. She was asked in part of that interview whether she would, what concessions she was prepared to make to get to restoring Roe v Wade and getting it through Congress. She, the, the question about a pardon to Trump, I mean, who in their right mind would even float that?


The 13 right. 13 days before an election? You know, I gotta say, I thought her answer on the post-election period was interesting. Right? 'cause honestly, as a, as someone in the media, that's the period that I'm the most worried about given what happened last year and given just how much, I mean honestly, tighter this race could be how much longer it could take to get the vote. How much, you know, preamble, there's been about election fraud and the election monitors that have been deployed by the RNC and then the freelancers who are out there and, and I would say even on the left, it concerned that there's gonna be she cany and that we can't necessarily trust the results in certain swing states. So I'm deeply worried about that kind of volatile environment and I get why Harris wants to focus on election day.


I also get, as a public official that she doesn't wanna stir up paranoia and fear and potentially violence by suggesting there's gonna be something bad. But I would, you know, as a candidate, like to hear more about the army of lawyers that will be deployed and the the ways in which there is a, there is a strategy in place as I'm sure there is to combat the misinformation, the disinformation and the, you know, trying to push the country towards at worse violence and, and maybe at best just deep, even deeper division around the results of the election. So I guess I understand her posture in that interview, but I I I wish there had been more from her on that answer in particular.


Yeah, I mean, look, there were a whole bunch of questions here that were tough to answer. I thought she navigated it well. She pivoted to message at several points, which is what you wanna try to get out of this. On to your point about the post-election period, I have great confidence that the Harris campaign has a massive well-funded, well thought out legal strategy. Like I'm very confident in that. And I'm curious to know what, if anything they're gonna be able to do to fight the post-election misinformation. A lot of the guardrails that existed in 2020 and they didn't go great are not there anymore. There's less fact checking in the media. Even some of the fact checking. And we sort of now know how that, the limits of fact checking in general, the social media platforms, were spending a lot of time and energy to try to keep disinformation and misinformation from Sprint going viral on the platform.


They're not doing that anymore to any extent at all. The owner of one of the larger social media platforms is the number one purveyor of some of the worst conspiracy theories out there. So that's gonna be a real messy period. I'm sure that they have very, very smart people who I know have been thinking about it. But I am also, and I understand why they're not giving us the playbook in advance, but I am curious about what they will do with the limited tools available to them to push back on Big Lie 2.0. I think it's gonna be incumbent on members of the media to do a lot of that work too, which is, you know, yeah, we do a good job sometimes and we do a very bad job other times. So we got our work cut out for us. Yeah, I do think, I will say to the credit of the media, and that's not something I do a ton, a lot of lessons were learned after 2020.


Yeah. About, you know, it took, especially after January 6th about how to cover Trump when he's lying about the election. Some of those have been unlearned pretty dangerously since then, but I I, I have faith that the, a better effort will be made from at least the, the best intention players in the space. So, which Is definitely not me. I mean, I know that already the way You're saying that you were the, you were among the best intention in the space. Oh damn. I was specifically referring to you in addition to the interview with NBC Harris also did an interview with Telemundo, but those were the only two events on her campaign schedule. I say she had no trips to the battleground state. I just laid out her robust schedule to come. But the fact that she was not actually campaigning in a battleground state less than two weeks before the election became a topic of conversation.


Some folks feel her schedule is not robust enough or as robust as, say Obama's was in 2008, 2012. What do you think about how she's been campaigning? Yeah, I, I mean, first of all, I, I applaud the fact that she's doing more media. That's great. You know, she had been basically locked in a cupboard for a coup, you know, it it for the first six or seven weeks of her campaign. And to some degree I understand that, but at the same time it's time and it's good. And I think she's been comporting herself really, really well. I am loathed to suggest that Kamala Harris isn't working her ass off to, to, to, to win this election. I would like to believe there is a reason she is not in a battleground state and in is instead doing interviews in Washington.


The the reality is the more the public sees of Kamala Harris, the more they like her. So they should be putting her out as often as possible. I think she'll probably have a punishing schedule for the last 10 days of the, of the race. So maybe they're just trying to give her a reprieve and do a day of media. I guess I'm just as a member of, of the media, I'm, I am, I don't wanna, I I I guess I I don't question the decision because the, the fight is so clearly at everybody's doorstep. I don't, I don't think they're making kind of thoughtless decisions at this point. That seems to be a piece of campaign strategy. But maybe Dan, you can tell me otherwise that this is like, you know, the campaign strategy just whiffed this one and she should have been out in Georgia.


I did. There's a, I don't know what the reason was, but there's a reason because I know the people who run our campaign, general O'Malley, Dillon, David Pluff, all Stephanie Cutter, all those folks, they believe to their core, and I've done many campaigns with them, that the best thing is for the candidate to be in front of voters. Now people keep comparing it to Obama's 2008 schedule and it's like he did all this stuff every single day. The better comparison is to his 2012 schedule when he was president at the same time that he was running. And sometimes you have to do things as vice president. I don't know what those things were yesterday. Maybe that's what she was doing, but she is out there a lot. She's out there more than Trump. And, and so there, there is a reason here. I just don't know what it is. And I do, there's not a chance, no, there's not a fiber in my body who believes that she was in Washington doing interviews, which is a way to communicate with voters.


But that she was in Washington because the campaign thinks they have this in the bag or she's not working hard enough. That's just not the reason. There is a reason they just haven't shared it with us. And maybe we'll find out before, but she was doing something and probably, and certainly something that contributed to either her job as vice president, which is important, or to win the campaign in some other way. Right. Maybe there's some other interviews we don't know about. Maybe it was taping ads. It could be, it could be absolutely anything. It Could have been between two Ferns with Zach Kakis and then we'll really say thank you. Then She'll have won. It'll be over. 'cause that's what'll happen. Okay. It's pretty rare for a candidate. We just talked about the importance of being battleground states. Texas not a battleground state. The Harris campaign has been cleared. They're not going there 'cause they think they can win it. They're going there to highlight abortion. Do you think this is a smart decision?


Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, the abortion thing is so interesting because in my conversations with male voters, particularly in battleground states, it hasn't really resonated in part because, you know, Michigan has protections app Pennsylvania has a few more protections. I mean, there's not the sense of doom and threat in the same way that there is in abortion deserts like Texas. And I think if it's not gonna give her a win in Texas, it could give, it could kick Ted Cruz outta office, right? Like juice the turnout among people who understand the stakes, who are feeling the excruciating choices they have to make just either to start a family or not have a family or whatever their personal choices and help maybe control the Senate in, in the process.


It's a super important issue. I think it's in a, you know, Texans w wanna be, should be reminded and probably need to be reminded about what sending Colin Allred to the Senate means versus sending Ted Cruz when, you know, there's the, the prospect of a national abortion ban on the table. And so yeah, I think it's, I think it's the right thing to do. And you know this Dan, like, just 'cause she's in Texas doesn't mean the words she says, stay in Texas. They will be clipped and they will be put on the internet and she will be renewing the focus on reproductive choice in the closing days of the election. And I think that's absolutely right. She should be doing that. By the way, we'll be having our own reproductive rights focused special on M-S-N-B-C that I'll be co-anchor with Joy Reed next week in case people wanna talk more.


Oh, I love That organic Promo. That's Great. Well, I just What day, what day, what is it? October 30th? What day is that? October 30th. Okay, perfect. But like, I mean, and I say that in part because I feel like we've, it we, we are talking and I think necessarily so about fascism and democracy and the economy and immigration, abortion is a huge driver for Democrats. A real tangible result of what it means to have a Republican in office. And it is good to, you know, focus back on that before people go to the polls. 'cause I do think to some degree that has not been as sharp. We have not had a as sharp, as sharp a focus on that from the Harris campaign. In, in, in her closing argument. I fully endorse this decision.


Go to Texas, obviously if she can provide a boost to Colin Alred and he can kick Ted Cruz outta the Senate and back to Cancun, that is a super plus. But even more importantly, what she is desperately trying to do here is get attention. and the audience is yes, people in Texas, but it's primarily the exact voters you were talking about in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, places that have democratic governors or constitutional rights to abortion access to say to those voters, if Donald Trump wins, what you see in Texas when it comes to abortion policy could very well be the national policy. Trump could pass and sign a federal abortion ban. He could, as Project 2025 has suggested, use executive authority to make it hard to get abortion medication impossible to get abortion medication in project 2025.


They want to have a database of pregnancies. Like there is scary stuff here. What is happening in Texas could be the nation. And it is so hard to grab people's attention in this media environment. And going to Texas, giving a speech in Texas is off the beaten path. It's different enough, we're talking about it now. It'll get more coverage than if she just gave in abortion speech in Mic Michigan on the same day. It's, it's Like, And so she's trying to Get attention. It's geograph it's the geographical equivalent of going to Fox News, right? Yes. Yes. It's why's going Madison Square Garden? Same. Yeah. It's just, it is a way to get people's attention. and the other thing we just have to, this is a sad thing for democracy, but the importance of local media in politics, it's still quite important, but it's way less important, particularly for the undecided voters who consume less media.


Politics is national news. Is national going to Texas is almost as good a way to reach a lot of voters in Michigan as doing a speech in Michigan. I don't, it's not great that we're not, that it's not all local DV and local news anymore. That was an important part of the process. But the, the world has changed. The media economics have changed. And so the efficacy of going to a place like Texas in 2024 is very different than it would've been back in my day in 2008 or 2012. That's where we're at. Obviously abortion's gonna be a huge part of her closing message. How do you think she should balance that with the economy and border security messaging that we also know that undecided voters are very concerned about? It's So hard. Can I just say like, yeah, this poor woman, my Lord, like, who wants this?


Nobody wants to be in this position. Everything She didn't ask to be right. I mean, everything everywhere, all at once. She's gotta do it all. I mean, that's just the reality of it, right? She's talking to different voters, which you with, with, she's talking to suburban women when she's talks about abortion. I wish she was talking to everybody. She's talking to men, you know, working class men, especially when she's talking about the economy. She's talking to la the Latino vote. She's talking to like more working class Americans when she's talking about immigration. I mean, she's just talking to each segment that she needs to turn on. So she's gonna have to do it all. And you know, I think that that's just the reality of, of what a closing, you know, message is when you're literally building the biggest possible tent you can, when you're, what's amazing is that it's held that the party of a OC and Dick Cheney is still, you know, the, the bandwagon like drives onward, hopefully ending at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.


It's a testament to the Democratic party that like this is this, this coalition has held for as long as it has with Nri a peep from, from, I mean, accepting a few certain issues, mostly with everybody in accord. I think it's amazing. So yeah, I mean, she's gonna have to talk to all the different, you know, sort of buckets of voters who may be sitting on their butts, unsure of whether they wanna vote or skeptical of the fact that she'll be four different years of a democratic administration and won't be a continuation of what what they believe has not been a good moment for them financially or economically, though that is not true. And she's gotta remind people of fundamental, you know, bodily autonomy and how it's on the ballot. So yeah, I mean, it's not as, it's not the o it's not the sort of polished stone that was the Obama candidacy in 2008 where you knew exactly what you were getting and it was this beautiful glowing thing that you could hold in your hands.


It's more like, you know, emotional confetti. That's the description I always use. Just because it's just like, it's, it's in the air, it's everywhere. It's all around you and you know, all the little bits together kind of make, I don't know, a celebration of her candidacy. This is an overwrought metaphor. The point is it's, yeah, it's everything everywhere, all at once. And that's what she's gotta do. Yeah. I, I'm really tort about this because the ways in which we communicate are so different, right? It was just in it back in 2008, 2012, even 2016, it was largely, you needed one core message for everyone. 'cause you were communicating to everyone in the same way.


Yes, you could do like some, you know, black radio or you could do some Spanish language TV or something that would be a little micro targeted. But in general it was all macro communication all the time. Your TV ads were large, could reach anyone at all times. Now there's the ability to target even more, right? You can have, you can identify the voters who feel a certain way about a certain thing and you can push messaging towards them via digital advertising or influencers or whatever else. Like you can, we just have so much richer data about how to and so many more tools to reach people. But ultimately you still have to put it through one frame. Right? And I, and I have struggled with this, the whole campaign. The closest thing I can come up with for one way to latch all these things together is that Kamala Harris is for you and Donald Trump is for himself.


Yeah. And then that's how you get to abortion freedom. That's how you get to her economic plan versus his economic plan. And it's the way you get to border security because it allows you to, to tell the story as she does at every opportunity that the reason the border is not as secure as it should be, is because Donald Trump torpedoed a bipartisan deal to help himself. So if you want someone who's gonna fight for you, Kamala Harris will do it. Because the one core essential truth about Donald Trump, that even in their private moments, his supporters would admit, is that he's a narcissist. Yeah. That he cares about himself. Can I just say one thing? I I was at a barbershop in West Philadelphia this on Monday, and one of the guys said, I've made more money with assholes than with nice people.


Yeah. And I think one of the problem I, and I think you're right, that is very elegant sort of distillation of how Kamala Harris can sell herself to people who are still on the fence or to even people who, who support her Donald, Trump Kamala Harris is for you. Donald Trump is for himself. We underestimate the lure of a man who's only out there for himself. And I see, I, I saw and heard that reflected in, especially the men that I spoke to, that that was actually aspirational. And that the greed, you know, it felt like the 1980s, right? Like greed is good and that the narcissism wasn't offputting. But like, you know, that's someone who wanted to be like, and that's someone who was maybe gonna help you get rich just because it provided a template from the highest echelons of government for everybody else in the country.


I'm obviously not endorsing that, but I just mean Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's part of the reality here is that, and that's a testament to like where we've gotten as a society, but that there, there is, there is a kind of the, the subject of that that, what do we call it? Thesis Donald Trump is, is maybe not, he doesn't do so badly in that, in that dichotomy. I think that's exactly right. I mean, that is ultimately the entire thesis of Trumpism, which is I will protect you from whatever threats you're worried about domestic or abroad, and I'll put more money in your pocket. And because that will do those two things you are willing to put up with me as a largely embarrassing asshole.


Right? You may not like my personality, you may not like my tweets, you may not like the way I act. You may be somewhat concerned about the fact that I keep getting convicted of federal crimes and state crimes, but because I will do those things that matter the most to you. Right? And you're in the hierarchy of needs. Those are the top right. Safety and financial security. And if, if I can protect those, you'll put up with everything else. Now what make what is essential then is for the Democrats and the Harris campaign to, you have to make it, you have to make how this matters for people. Right? So it's not just like he, we don't like Trump because he's a narciss. He only cares about himself and therefore he's a bad person. It's because he only cares about himself. He's going to help people like him and not people like you. Yeah. And that's a hard argument because people think they did well under him before.


Yes. But the tax cuts for the rich, you know, finding a way to, to talk about the increase in prices 'cause of tariffs talking about his, the restrictions of your freedom on abortion and everything they can come next. Like that's, that's the hard turn. Like this is not easy. If it was easy, we would've beat Trump in 16. It 2020 wouldn't have been so close and he would not even be running again. But it's not easy. Okay. Even with Harris off the trail for a day, Democrats are in get out the vote mode. And Kamala Harris has been absolutely blissing the battleground states. And so are her top surrogates on Tuesday. That meant Barack Obama holding a rally with Tim Walls in Madison, Wisconsin, and Obama in Detroit with Senate Canada, Issa Lockin and who else? Eminem. I would just say my old boss was feeling himself at this event.


Let's take a listen. Can The real slim shady please stand up? That people shouldn't be afraid to express their opinions. And I don't think anyone wants in America where people are worried about retribution or what people will do if you make your opinion known. I think Vice President Harris supports a future for this country where these freedoms and many others will be protected and upheld. And here to tell you much more about that President Barack Obama, I, I I I, I gotta say, you know, I, I have done a lot of rallies, so I don't usually get nervous, but I was feeling some kinda way following Eminem Now I noticed my palms are sweaty knees, weak, arms are heavy vomit on my sweater already.


Mom's spaghetti. I'm nervous, but on the surface I look calm and ready to drop. But I keep bomb spaghetti. I mean, look, I'm biased here, but was that great or was it kind of cringeworthy? I don't really know. Both. I mean, it was great. It was both. It's also like Barack Obama loves his own performances as someone who, who knows him. Dan, you know this to be true. Yes. Also, I mean that, like, that song that he was dropping lines from is his like, hype myself up song. Am I, am I incorrect? It's, yes, it's, that is an Obama like musical chestnut.


So I'm sure it was awesome. And also I had missed the Slotkin Eminem tour when it rolled through New York. So I was glad to be able to catch a little bit of it in Michigan. It's great. First of all, I'm all for joy. Like I loved the beginning of the Harris candidacy 'cause she was just hap like, it was such a good moment. It was a reprieve from the just apocalyptic doomsday scenario. We now find ourselves in again. And when he's having fun, when he's smiling, you can't help but smile. Having said that, it would, there was a slight Danish edge, a little bit of a danish edge. Yeah. To it in part you, you knew he p you knew he practiced that before he went out there. That was not impromptu.


And also, Honestly, I don't know. I don't Know. No, Dan, there's a real chance he did Dan, I, Dan, I have to believe this Dan. I, it, he didn't practice amazing Grace it in prompter, Dan. It was in prompter it. The lyrics were in prompter. I am, I am anyway. But props, I can just say, I know how, if I had been with him at the time, I can know how this would go. We'd be in the car driving there. He'd be like, you know what, like fife, I'm gonna, you what I think I'm gonna do, I'm gonna wrap. And I'd be like, what sir? He is like, I think I'll just do maybe the first verse or two of lose yourself. And I would be like, that's an idea. I hear you, I hear what you're thinking. I don't know. And he'd be like, I'm doing it. And then he would do it and they would, and I would worry about it and he'd do it and it would go, well, can I just say Dan, I felt this in my core Contrast that with like the people who have to keep Trump in line.


It's like I Think I look, I, I think that is a privilege. I'm thinking Protestors in Lafayette Square. Yes, sir. Yes. Versus like, I, I think I'm gonna rap. I just wanna like tan suit The worst thing he ever did, which was actually a great outfit. You were on the record as that, that is For sure. I, I loved that tan suit and I told him I liked the tan suit to his face. He appreciated it. I, he, you know what, because he walked around telling everyone how good he looked in that suit. Yeah. For frankly, years afterwards. I think he did it just pretty recently. So you are, you were preaching to the choir there. It's cool that he wrapped. It's cool. It's Great. It Is fine. Good Politics should be fun, right?


You want rally to be fun. You want your movement to feel like something you want to join. You want people to stop what they're doing to be involved. You want them to stop what they're doing and listen. And like that has always been, Obama's a great ability in his own. Harris has done it herself incredibly well here. Tim Walls did it in a very funny way by calling Elon Muske dipshit yesterday in, in a weird bizarro way. Trump does the same thing for his supporters. And it's not, it shouldn't be spinach, it should be fun, it should be entertaining, it should be, there should be risk involved, right? And so I think it is great he did it. It's obviously dominating social media. More people will see more of the rally because of it. Eminem's message is cool. Eminem speaks to a certain group of voters.


And so all of it was great, in my opinion. Now, how's daughters fell? Two notes, but Oh, We know how they felt, Dan. Yes. We know how they fell. In general, what do you think of the role Obama's playing down the stretch here? It's great. I mean, look, it, I think sometimes he kind of steps, he gets a little over his skis. I think the scolding of black men in Pittsburgh, just from the men that I talked to, did not come across the way that I think he perhaps had hoped it would. But it, it, it, it changed the conversation. And I think that was very, very useful in terms of like gender and how much of the resistance to Harris's candidacy and electing her was because there's still some latent or explicit misogyny holding people back that I think is good.


But, you know, he's magic. He's the most magical person in the Democratic party and has an ability to crystallize the issues and the stakes and do it with passion and eloquence and joy and like bring in the fucking reinforcements, right? Like bring him in and then the closer Michelle Obama's gonna be hitting the trail too. Like of course this is what needs to happen. Like, yes, everybody come out of the woodwork and he's, you know, it's nice to be reminded of the, you know, the once in a generation talent that he is and feel good about the fact that he was elected twice and that we were that country. And maybe we can be a country that does that kind of thing once more. Like obviously I think he's a huge net positive out there. He's a great communicator.


He does a lot for like signaling to the, to the entire party how to talk about things. And he, he did that in 2020 with Trump a lot. He sort of, and then in 2022 he did a similar thing about how he's just, he's the best messenger in terms of distilling the argument and then delivering it in a very compelling way. I did have this like lingering fear that it's been a long time since he was president. It's been a long time since, oh wait, I, I see that in my own gray hairs and aging self. And one of the, the huge target audience here is younger men. And so it was like, does Obama really have a connection to them? But then the folks at Blueprint came out with this poll where they polled men. And so here's Obama's approval rating among men aged 18 to 29. He's a plus 38 net favorability.


That's not nothing. That is, I mean, and he's by far, exponentially more popular than any other political figure out there with this exact group of people that Kamala Harris absolutely needs to do better, do better with if she's gonna win this race. And so the fact that we have polling here with shows that Obama is the best messenger with them. And he's, that's why he's doing so much, you know, he's doing these rallies, but he is also doing a ton of events or like interactions with TikTok influencers. Yeah, he did a, in a podcast today with, where he was interviewed by Tyree Halliburton of the Indiana Pacers. So he's doing a lot of stuff to reach that group. So that's, that's very good to know that it, it has the impact. He still has that appeal with the young voters she needs even all these years later.


I think it's really important also for it to be a man alongside her doing this. Not because she needs a man, but because the question of masculinity is so, it's, there's so much tension around it and Obama is so confident in his manhood and so clearly ma masculine, you know what I mean? Not that Tim Wal isn't, but he's such a known sort of male patriarchal figure in American life that I think is really important to have him out there talking, you know, vociferous at a great volume about what an extraordinarily accomplished leader Kamala Harris will be. That's exactly right. Okay. When we come back from break, we're gonna hear John's interview with Senator Sherrod Brown about his must win race in Ohio.


But before we do that, with less than two weeks to go, we wanted to remind you that Vote Save America has a bunch of really vital tools. As soon as you're done listening to this, head to Vote Save America dot com slash vote to do three things. First, use the Build Your Own ballot tool to get up to speed about everything and everyone you'll be voting for in your state. Second, check the ways you can vote in your state. Make sure to vote early if you can. Voting early, takes pressure off election workers and ensures fast results. And finally, use our last call tool to get a short and simple script that you can paste directly into texts and dms to get three people you know in the Battleground states to vote, head to Vote Save America dot com slash vote. Now to get started, this message has been paid for by Vote Save America. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee


when we come back, Senator Sherrod Brown Joining us today. He's currently running against a rich car salesman to keep control of the Senate and Democratic hands. Please welcome back to the pod one of America's very best senators and human beings. Ohio's own She Brown. Welcome back. To Pod Save America. Thanks, John. I really appreciate the chance to do this again. Thanks. Of course. All right. You've been running and, and winning statewide races in Ohio for many years now. What, if anything, is different about your state and what you're hearing from voters this time around?


Well, Ohio's perhaps gotten a little more conservative. People think that, but last November we passed a statewide constitutional amendment of abortion rights, passed it with 50, with, with 57% of the vote, which my opponent in this race wants a national abortion ban. So one of the clear contrasts we make, he says, I'm a hundred percent pro-life, no exceptions. I have supported the constitutional amendment of abortion rights. So we make that contrast, and I think that that's gonna be an absolute voting issue this year as it is other places, both in the previously and the presidential, and especially in the Senate race. So what what's different about Ohio is I, I think, I mean, I, I think I win large part because I take on interest groups and stand up to the drug companies and stand up to big oil and stand up to the railroads, which had that, that terrible derailment in eastern Ohio.


And that's the reason, one of the reasons that big money's going after me in this race. Has political polarization made it harder than it was back in 2018 when you, you know, you won in 2018, you ended up picking up a lot of Trump voters, you have to in, in your state. Is that a little bit harder this time around? It's harder only in the sense that, that so many people, I mean, there, there are only, there are only, I believe six Senate seats now six states which have a split delegation of one R and 1D or an independent. And I, I mean, the, the assumption I think too many people make is that if they're voting for Trump, they're not voting for me. But I, I mean, I don't look at politics left to right. I look at it more as whose side you on?


And I was in Zanesville today with, in a UAW plant, and Zanesville is a small industrial town, very conservative's, kind of the northern edge of Appalachia. I will get a lot of votes there 'cause people know I fight for workers and regardless how they vote in the presidential race. And that's, that's, I mean, my, my my mission has always been to put workers that workers should be at the table and talk about the dignity of work a term from Dr. King initially that, that he used. And I think if you, if you stand up to interest groups like I have, it means tens of millions of dollars are spent against you. But it means that voters, regardless of how they're looking in the presidential race, they're likely to vote for somebody that they see is on their side.


What do you make of a lot of unions in this cycle? You see a lot of the union, the leadership is for Kamala Harris and for Democrats, some of the rank and file sort of drifting towards Trump, seeing that in places in, in Michigan. I've heard union members be interviewed, say that some of their fellow workers are a little more pro-Trump. I've heard that in some other states. Why do you think, what do you think is going on there? Yeah, I wear, when I have a suit and I wear a pen, it's a canary in a bird cage. It's Cigna, you know, the story. Mine workers used to take a canary down to the mines when they didn't have a union strong enough, or a government that cared enough to help him. He was really on his own. And I I where that pen signifies to me that, that that workers are the center of, of what we should fight for in government.


I don't, I don't know that democrats around the country have focused on that the way that we should and, and workers that, that, that symbol also means to me that when, you know, we, we didn't, a hundred years ago, wall Street didn't come to to, to us and say, Hey, I think we should start Social security, take care of seniors. We fought for it, we demanded it, we got it. The polluters didn't come to us and say, it's time to clean up Lake Erie. I want to help. We had to force them, demand it and make it happen. We didn't create Medicare because the health insurance interests wanted to help us. Civil rights didn't happen because a bunch of southern segregationist senators had time to give 'em the vote. I mean, it, it's, it's it really symbol.


I think the Democrats need to fight more on these issues that, that matter to everyday people. And I don't know that National Democrats have have figured that out well enough. And I can see in Ohio, it's why as a party we've slipped a little bit. Talk to me about Bernie Moreno. What have you found is the most persuasive argument to people who are thinking about voting for him? You mentioned, of course, his, his stance on abortion. What, what else are, are people finding troubling? Well, first of all, he's, as you said, he is a car dealer, luxury car dealer. He is cheated his own workers. Raphael Warnock was in town the other day for me, and he said Marino had to pay $400,000 in back pay to workers who he had, he had stiffed outta their overtime and then destroyed the evidence that a judge ordered him to produce.


And, and Raphael said, how you can't trust a guy who, how, how would you trust a guy who treats his own workers that way? Why would you think he'd, he'd treat workers around the state in any better way? So Marino, he's, he's a hundred percent wrong in abortion. He's done that with his own workers. He's against not only just against the minimum wage, but he's against, he thinks the minimum wage should, should be eliminated. And and recently, as you've, some of you have seen, I assume you've seen it, John, he was sort of in a town hall and he, he, he said, why would, why are these single issue voters in abortion? What's with them? Why should a woman over the age of 50 care about abortion? And that sort of tells you who he is.


And it tells you, he, I mean, he mocked Ohioans and he particularly mocked women over 50. And I don't think they, as is my wife whom, you know, wrote in her substack column, see at the polls pal. 'cause that's pretty clear. So, but Marino's also a self funder. I ask people because he's spending so much, because McConnell's spending so much of my race, this is probably the most expensive race now, most money spent against a candidate ever for the US Senate, $200 million, something like that. So I ask people to come to sherr brown.com and, and help me with 15 or $20 or whatever you can afford. So aside from your senate race, Ohio has become part of the national political debate this year, thanks to your fellow senator and current Trump running mate, JD Vance.


Both Vance and Trump are still spreading lies about the good people of Springfield, Ohio, including hardworking, tax paying immigrants who are, who are there legally. How has that whole controversy landed with folks in Ohio? Is that, is that something that's come up in your race too? First of all, I, I, I, you know, these, these senate, these senate partners, if you will, it's a, it's kind of an arranged marriage. I didn't, Vance didn't choose me, and I sure as hell didn't choose him. I bet. But that's what we got. I, Springfield is a town of, it's a, it's a town a lot like where I grew up, Mansfield, it's a little larger, about 60,000 people. It's a city that's been hit really hard by globalization.


All kinds of manufacturing jobs have been lost in that city. And they were, they were coming back and they, they, the business community brought in and politicians of both parties brought in a number of immigrants to work in these plants. And then, you know, lo and behold, political figures politicized it. And I, I've worked with them on this issue for months working with state government, working with federal government, getting help as, as more housing is needed. More, more public works generally better, more schools to, to create, to, to address this influx of people. I think they're getting back on their feet. I think they will. I think it's a prosperous town and beginning to be a prosperous town.


And I'm just hopeful that politicians stop, stop injecting themselves in to create, to create division just so they can win politically on. I mean, you, you saw that on the immigration bill that was about to pass earlier this summer. And it was, it was agreed to. It was a pretty conservative bill. The border agent supported it yet for political reasons. It got blown up. And I, I'm hopeful after, after the election, after we have a pretty good year, we keep the Senate and, and the Kamala wins, we win the house. I'm hopeful we can actually do things and put this, just this divisive for the sake of political victories, the divisive politics behind us.


Yeah, it seems like one challenge is that, especially in the Trump era, you know, republicans want to tell people that they are, they're very legitimate concerns about cost of living, cost of housing, healthcare, you know, or the fault of immigrants and people who don't, who don't look like them. And you know, and, and, and you and a lot of other Democrats are trying to say, look, there's, you know, corporations making record profits and CEOs making record profits and you know, rich as ever. And, and, and we should look to them when we're trying to figure out how to help you with the cost of living. Like how do, how have you handled sort of the immigration issue when you've heard about it from voters in Ohio who are, who might be frustrated?


Yeah. Immigration and they're running some really nasty ads on immigration, on transgender against me to the tune of 50, $60 million of ads and fact checkers have shown they're simply not true. Independent fact checkers, not democratic Republican fact checkers and, and they keep running the ads as you would expect them to. 'cause they only win when they divide people. But when you, I think when you talk about immigration and you talk about a couple of things and you talk about inflation and relate them together, pull them together, it's, I talk about going to the grocery store after church and my wife and I, and we see that and we hear in the checkout count counter, we hear at the meat counter checkout lane and the meat counter people are complaining about prices, but they also understand that it's, it's corporate, it's been corporate greed, the, the kind of buy stock buybacks that executives are taking.


The kind of the huge huge profits as you point out. I also though think that when it comes to immigration, that while I went to the border with a Republican sheriff who has since endorsed me, and he's a, he's a reasonable guy about these issues. And we, when, when one of the things that we've worked on, especially Ohio, in Ohio, about 350 people a month die from, from fentanyl poisoning. I've been aggressively going after the, the, through the going after the cartels. I've written a bill that's now locked, going after the car, sanctioning the cartels, sanctioning the precursor chemicals in chi makers in China.


In much of what we have to do in my state, especially about immigration is, is dealing with the drug issue that, that I, and, and it's all the above. It's scaling up treatment programs. It's giving border patrol, the, the, the screening devices to look for this stuff that's smuggled in. And most of it's smuggled across mostly by Americans. Apparently they told us mean factually. That's that's true And come, comes across at the border and legitimate traffic in the ports and the points of entry. So we scale that up much better. We will in large part deal with this fentanyl poisoning problem. But it also, as I said, it's local treatment programs too, for sure.


Jeff Goldberg over at the Atlantic just reported that Trump once said in an Oval Office meeting, I need the kind of generals that Hitler had. That's according to two sources in the meeting. His former chief of staff, John Kelly confirmed to Goldberg that he also heard Trump praise Hitler's generals. So I saw someone tweet, you know, is it too much for the Republican party and the American people to care about this type of thing? What do you think? Of course we should care about this kind of thing. I, I, I I guess I stepped back for a second, John, and one of the things that's troubled me, I mean that's, that I'm still incredulous about it. It's hard to be incredulous about anything now, perhaps in American politics. But how I, I, I have a lot of Ukrainians in Ohio and the Ukrainians have historically been Republican because I have heard from many Ukrainians, a generation or two later that they think FDR sold 'em out at Yalta and Truman sold 'em out.


Potta. I mean they, they think the Democrats have not been the anti-Communist Party enough. and the Ukrainians are here as opponents to the Soviet Union legitimately. And they have, they have changed because they've seen, what makes me incredulous is one of the political parties in this country is a pro Russia party. That's the case for my opponent. It's the case for the people my opponent associates with. And that the Ukrainians feel adrift and now are much more supportive, supportive of our foreign policy because we, they know, we don't, we don't, we don't, Democrats don't go to bed with dictators. And, and you know, our allies are people, pe people, our allies are, are Ukraine and, and Poland and Britain and Israel and France and democratic countries around the world, Japan.


And they, people are pretty increasingly troubled by this, these, these that the countries like Iran and Russia and China on that, that we are, we are, we are too close to some of our leaders are too close to them. You were, you were just endorsed by former Republican governor. Bob Taft was the only person to ever beat you back in the 1990 Ohio Secretary of State election. Almost Nobody knows that. But thank you for Pointing that out. Well, otherwise, you got a perfect winning streak there. What does that endorsement mean to you? And and what do you want it to mean to voters? Yeah, Bob Taft was a good public servant. He beat me in 1990 for Secretary of State.


And I've gotten along with him except during that 16 months or whatever that race it. I wasn't like friendly. We weren't friendly Then since he beat me within a few years, we began to see each other every once in a while. I've spoken to his c he's a, he's a longtime public servant. His family goes back actually before William Howard Taft the president. It's his great-grandfather. But there was a TAF before him whose name I forgotten. It was like a judge or something. But, so it's a storied family in Ohio. His, his support means a lot to a lot of people. He's a, he would be considered by some as kind of a rhino Republican, but, but he's solid. People like him. They trust him.


His support means a lot. I have, I have heard many, many Republicans tell me that they support me, including Republican office holders. Most don't wanna be public about it 'cause they, they feel a bit threatened by their party if they do. But I think TAFs support will go a long way to just tell Republicans, you know, Brown's been effective and I've worked with things people to get things done. I've worked with Republicans when, when I need to to get stuff done, I come up with ideas from my meetings in your wife's hometown of Cincinnati or Cleveland or wherever. Well, Roy, Roy Blunt was a former senator, if you remember from, from Missouri. And I'd known him for 30 years or so.


And he was talking to somebody once and he said, what do you, what do you think of Sharon Brown? He said, well, I've known him for 30 years and we've agreed exactly five times and he lasts. And then he said, but all five of those were fed became federal law. So the, the, the whole point is you find people that you don't agree with or don't even necessarily like much. I liked Roy, but, but you then find a way to work with them. 'cause if you can build that coalition, it works. And so a TAF knows I do that and that's what gets things done in my state. And, and I will always continue to do that. Two weeks to go extremely close race. Some folks still making up their minds whether to vote for you or whether to vote at all. What do you want 'em to know? What's the closing message in the last, in the last two weeks here That I've, that I'll be on their side, that politics is not left or right in my mind to two side you on.


And that my opponent is a hundred percent wrong on abortion rights. My opponent is a hundred percent wrong in minimum wage. My opponent flee, took money from his, his his employees $400,000 in back wages. And I'd ask people to come on board to go to sherrod brown.com and, and contribute 15 or $20 or volunteer or come to Ohio or make phone calls into Ohio in a close race, in a race where 12 million people live in my state. And it's going down to the wire. So I appreciate Derek joining us. She brown, thank you as always and good luck in the final stretch. We'll do everything we can too. And Emily also says hello. She wanted me to tell you hi.


Tell Emily hi and tell the judge hello too. And John, thank you so much for doing this. That's our show for today. Thanks to Sharon Brown and thanks so much to Alex Wagner for being here with me. Everyone, make sure you're watching Alex Wagner tonight, Tuesday through Friday at yes at nine PM Eastern on msnbc. And of course we're looking forward to watching you on election night, election week, whatever it's gonna be. In the meantime, please check out Vote Save America dot com slash vote and John and I will be back with a new show on Friday. Bye everyone. Thanks. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cr.com/friends.


And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget, forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Hering is our head of news and programming.


Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Tolles.