
Hi, I am dot Quince. One way to help manage type two diabetes is to regularly exercise. My exercise program can help get you into a routine that works for you. Keep in mind managing blood sugar also takes the right diet. Hi, I'm celebrity Chef Franklin Becker. Ever since I was diagnosed with type two diabetes, I've adapted my cooking style without sacrificing flavor. If you wanna learn more tips about diet And exercise, Visit my type two transformation.com.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by On Deck or Celtic Bank. On deck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.


Welcome, To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are each facing multiple October surprises in the final month of the race. And later, I sat down with Stacey Abrams this week to talk about Georgia, the new restrictions on voting and having your vote counted and what you can do about it. But first Trump's criminal conspiracy to overturn the last election is back in the news. Thanks to JD Vance, Jack Smith and Liz Cheney Vance kicked off this news cycle during the debate by refusing to say that Trump lost in 2020, which became the Knight's most talked about moment and led to an ad from the Harris campaign. Then on Wednesday, judge Tanya Chuin unsealed a filing from special counsel Jack Smith that detailed lots of new evidence in his case against Trump.


And on Thursday, January 6th, committee, co-chair and Kamala Harris supporter Liz Cheney, appeared with the Vice President in Ripon, Wisconsin. The birthplace of Lincoln's Republican party in 1854 hears some of what they said. One of Trump's aides testified that shortly after that, this aide received a phone call alerting him that the vice President had been evacuated for his own safety from his office off the floor of the Senate. This aide recalled rushing to the dining room to tell Trump, hoping that this information would convince him to take immediate action to ensure the Vice President's safety.


Instead, after this aid delivered that news, Donald Trump looked up at him and said, so what, what? That is depravity, and we must never become numb to it. We must defeat Donald Trump on November 5th. There is not an ounce, not an ounce of compassion in Donald Trump. He is petty, he is vindictive, and he is cruel. And Donald Trump is not fit to lead this good and great nation. I tell you, I have never voted for a Democrat, but this year I am proudly casting my vote for Vice President Kamala Harris.


There are so many powerful forces that have been intent on trying to demean and belittle and make people afraid. There are many who know it is wrong, and then there are those who have the courage to speak out loudly about it and the conviction to speak truth. And you know, it is so admirable when anyone does it, and especially when it is difficult to do in an environment such as this. But Liz Cheney really is a leader who puts country above party and above self a true patriot.


And it is my profound honor, my profound honor to have your support. Dan, you know what they say, the most successful democratic campaigns always close with the Cheney. What did you think of the event, the message and the strategy behind doing this? Now, I will say I still have this like muscle memory that comes from just years of dealing with crazy Republicans of them shitting on Barack Obama that I sometimes struggle with these events. It's, it's why you've seen me very visibly on this podcast, have real challenges with MIT Romney's deserved place on the resistance Mount Rushmore that he's currently on. But I, so sometimes I look at this, I'm like, we are really campaigning with Liz Cheney.


But then you step back and think about it, it's like, it, it makes incredible sense. She's a, a, a very important messenger. The message is right. And ultimately, if we are going to win an election in a political system where the electoral college is biased towards Republicans, we need to build a big tent and it, and we should invite everyone who wants to defeat Donald Trump into that tenant. And that includes Liz. And I even hate to say it, Dick Cheney. Yeah, I mean, I think you either believe Donald Trump poses a unique threat to the country and to democracy different than what many of us Democrats believe about Republican policies or other Republican politicians in the pre-Trump era.


Or you don't. And if you do believe that Donald Trump poses a unique threat that goes beyond just policies, but actually, you know, being willing to break the law, put himself above the law, use the vast power of the federal government to punish people who don't support him, throw our votes away. If you believe all that, then having someone like Liz Cheney talk about that and showing people that this is not a partisan issue. This is not Democrat and Republican. This is about, we can all argue about our policies later, then of course you want Liz Cheney at an event. And that was what the look, we're gonna talk about all the January 6th stuff being back in the news. But I think it's perfect timing because the event wasn't about how like Kamala Harris is moderate so I can support her.


Right? It wasn't about policy, it wasn't about ideology, it was about one thing. The fact that Donald Trump tried to throw people's votes away and then when he failed, sent a violent mob to Congress, which is like, you know, should be enough. Yeah, We shouldn't even be having this discussion right now, but what we have to anyway, and so I'm, I'm glad Liz Cheney's out there doing it. Just Two points on the strategy here. That, and why this is smart to do is people are so cynical about politics and politicians that they're more likely to believe and be persuaded by people who share their identity in some way, shape, or form. And therefore, there's a whole group of Republicans, Republican leaning independents, former Trump voters who are gonna be more persuaded by a Republican establishment member like Liz Cheney than, or Adam Kinser or some of these other people than they would be by Kamala Harris or Tim Walls, or us or other Democrats out there campaigning.


And so she is a trusted messenger to a group of people. And to put some numbers on that, in the May Republican primary, Nikki Haley got 76,000 votes in Wisconsin. Joe Biden won Wisconsin by 20,600 votes in 2020. Those, there are voters out there who are uncomfortable with Donald Trump, who are still not comfortable enough to vote in a Democratic primary. And Liz Cheney might be able to get some of them to come over and vote for Kamala Harris. And if, even if you get a third of those people, that's enough to win this election. And again, I think it's a, you know, it's a very powerful message for Liz Cheney to say, like, I've, I've never voted for a Democrat in my life, and she probably wouldn't vote for Kamala Harris in any normal election.


But if Donald Trump becomes president again, we might not have another election. That's, that's sort of what it comes down to. I've seen some scattered concern on the left about Harris campaigning with NeoCon Hawk like Cheney, especially at a time of war in the Middle East. Do you have any worries about this? You know, I never miss an opportunity to worry about something, but I will say this is pretty low on my worry list. Me too. I, it just, Liz Cheney, Adam Kinzinger, basically all the Republican figures. Cassidy Hutchinson, who was on the pod, she came out today, also said she was Sarah Matthews as Well. Kamala Harris, Sarah Matthews, Alyssa Far Griffin, like just a lot of former Trump officials, not just for, not just Republicans, like former Trump officials have done this.


They have demanded zero policy changes, no moderation whatsoever. They are not asking anything of Kamala Harris or the Democratic Party at all. They're just saying, I'm supporting them. I'm supporting Kamala Harris, I'm supporting the Democrats because Donald Trump is unfit for office. That's all. So, like, who cares? Yes. Like the, the idea that like no one's saying that Liz Cheney is now gonna influence Kamala Harris's foreign policy. That's not on the table. No one has said that. Kamala Harris hasn't said that. Liz Cheney hasn't said that. So like, I don't get why you would fucking care. It's just, it's, there are people, It's silly to me. I mean, it's really silly. It's, it's The, the, some of the complaints I've seen are people who are already legitimately mad about the Biden Harris administration's foreign policy, right.


As it relates to Israel and gaa. And this is just another way to make that point. But it doesn't change anything that Liz Cheney was on that stage today. Yeah, no. If you're mad about the policy, be mad about the policy and be, and be mad at them for the policy. Right. It has nothing to do with Liz Cheney. So the day before the Wisconsin event, Cheney Harris and the rest of us got a nice surprise when Judge Truckin made public Jack Smith's 165 page legal brief, where he lays out the evidence he hopes to present to a jury someday in his case, against Donald Trump As. we all know the trial was supposed to happen before the election, until the Supreme Court ruled that Trump is immune from criminal charges that result from official acts as President Smith then dropped those charges from the initial indictment.


He now argues that all the crimes in this brief, in the new indictment were committed by Trump the candidate, not Trump the president, but don't take our word for it. Here's how Neil Cavuto of Fox News covered the story In this newly unsealed court paper. We're learning that former President Trump resorted to crime that amid the cling to power after the 2020 election. In this indictment, we, wait, what's this? We're learning the Donald Trump did crimes. We got, I mean, this is just a classic Possy America episode. We got Liz Cheney, we got Neil Cavuto, we got coming up with the back end here. So what were your favorite, before we get into whether this matters, all that kind of stuff, what were your favorite revelations or highlights from the, from the legal brief, which by the way, that the clip that we played from Cheney at the beginning of that clip, it was her talking, the, the when, when Donald Trump said, so what about Mike Pence being in danger?


That was from this brief, that was a new piece of evidence that just in time for Liz Cheney to talk about it at this event. I found it hard to answer this question. 'cause when you say what's your favorite moment about the details of the former president trained, do you steal an election with violence? Sort of, I dunno, favorites. We can call them. Maybe we can call them low lights. Yeah. Yeah. The Low light, low lights is good. So there are three, one of them is obviously the one that Liz Cheney mentioned. I just, we should just pause for a second on the sort of sociopathic behavior it takes you to, to say, so what, when you find out that your closest coworker had his life is in danger because of a mob you sent to kill them. And there, there's no moment of compassion, empathy, or self-reflection there.


It's just like, so what Whatever happens, happens, it, I mean, it is truly deranged and dangerous. And it is to the to listen point. Someone like that should be nowhere near power at any level. Right? You shouldn't be able to manage Hardee's, let alone be president. It's like, whatever, just like insan insanity. The second one is, there is a revelation in there about a quote unquote advisor who people generally believe is Steve Bannon, although he's not specifically identified in the, in the filing where Bannon told a group of Trump supporters that he's gonna declare victory. That doesn't mean he's the winner, he's just gonna say he's the winner. Which is it, it really gets to the heart of just how much bullshit this 'cause one of the, the defenses of some of these Republicans were supporting Trump is no, no, he truly believed the election had been stolen.


Now, that does not give you the right to send a violent mob to the Capitol, even if you do believe it. Right? That's, that's not how that works. But the fact that it was all a fucking con from the very beginning is very damning. Then the last one is, there's a reference in there about Trump making fun of Sidney Powell and saying she's bonkers, which is important because if he doesn't believe her, then it's evidence that he doesn't believe that the election was actually stolen. But it says, they don't say what the the reference is, but it says he made a Star Trek reference to refer to apparently Sidney Powell's Bunkerness. I don't know, but I just can't imagine Donald Trump making a Star Trek reference. It seems he's, other than Hannibal Lecter, he has no pop culture affinity for anything at all.


So like is he a tricky, I'm sort of curious about that. The crazy part about that is he does whatever to communicate that Sidney Powell is crazy, whatever reference, and later he wants to appoint her special counsel. Yes. And, and considered her plan to seize voting machines. He wanted this, this is who he wanted in charge of this. Someone that he thought was crazy. I'll just add on your, on the Mike Pence point. So before the aid tells him, you know, Mike Pence has been evacuated because the rioters are 40 feet from where he was sheltering. And Trump says, so what? Trump was alone in the White House dining room tweeting and had been on Twitter.


And by the way, it's very interesting that, that Jack Smith says he has evidence for forensic evidence from the phones and from the televisions. Basically what Trump was watching, what he was doing on his phone, he was on Twitter the whole time. Who among us. Right. And he sent out after he saw that the Capitol had been breached and that everyone in the capitol was in danger, that's when he sent out the tweet attacking Mike Pence for not having the courage to do what's right and when he knew he was in danger. So that was, that was something. There was also, apparently at one point he said to Jared and Ivanka Trump did on Marine One, it doesn't matter if you won or lost the election, you still have to fight like hell.


And then lawyers and campaign staff also told him that all the election fraud claims were bullshit. And Trump said the details don't matter. Even after they told him it wouldn't hold up in court, they have him berating Pence over and over all these conversations he has with Pence. He's just berating him. And one conversation Who could possibly have been the source for those. Yeah. Right. Well, Mike Pence testified, of course, and, and a couple days after Christmas, he has this phone call with Pence where Pence again, for like the 10th time, tells him he's not going to try to overturn the election for him because he doesn't have that power. And Trump says, people are gonna hate your guts. People are gonna think you're stupid.


You're too honest. And then after he hung up the phone, he tweeted that his supporters should come to DC on January 6th because he knew that now Mike Pence wasn't gonna do the right thing. And of course, you're too honest, You're too honest, Too honest, you're too honest. And people are gonna think you're stupid. People are gonna hate your guts. And of course, he also knew that the electors were fake and not legal, and so did his whole team. And he wanted to send them to Congress anyway. And to have Republicans accept them and to have the fight in Congress, even though they, he was told and his team knew that they were completely illegal and wouldn't hold up in court. It's just fucking wild man. Obviously this is a shitty substitute for the trial We had been promised until the Supreme Court stepped in.


But, you know, is this a story that you think Democrats can keep in the news for the next few weeks? Should we even try? Yeah, I think we should absolutely try. And the events of yesterday in Wisconsin are ways in which we can continue to do that. Hopefully there are other endorsements that can come out. There are other ways to talk about this. There's this documentary on YouTube called Fight Like Hell, which is a very powerful account of what happened on that day that people should watch and share with people in their lives. I mean, this is an important story and I, I had this reaction watching I rewatched the Vance debate after we finished podcasting at a very fast speed. 'cause sometimes it's so hard to be like taking notes, watching. And I wanted to go back and watch it one more time.


And my take You, you watched the whole thing again? Yeah, I 1.75 speed. Wow. So it's pretty, pretty fast. No, still I real glutton for punishment. I appreciate that. Well, I had a message box to write. so I wanted to, I need, I needed, I needed to stimulate the, the stimulate the brain. But one of my takeaways from watching at the time is like, 'cause if you watch the debate, knowing what JD V answer's answer is going to be about the election, Then it just seems so fucking out of touch with reality. It's so normal. They're like, oh, I know what you truly believe in your heart, jd. And they're being, and jds being nice to Tim Walls and the moderators are asking normal questions and we have to get to the 95th minute or whatever it is for this question about the thing that overhangs everything, which is Donald Trump is a person who has been indicted.


He is facing criminal punishment for trying to overthrow an election that included a violent assault on one of America's three branches of government. And we hardly ever talk about it anymore. And I see, and I get it, I see all the polling, I know what all the polls say about what people's issues are. And I see the, the te the testing, if you watch the ads, right, freedom, what people are saying. If you go into Battleground State, you watch the ads, it is immigration, abortion, economy, the, that's what you see. And I see the testing for all those ads and they test very, very well. But does sometimes feel a little bit like we're missing the forest for the trees here. I I was just gonna say the same thing, like now I've struggled with this is like the strategic question that I've probably struggled with the most because I've seen all those polls, I have heard from voters that, that say, like when they ask 'em what's your most important issue, they talk about inflation, they talk about cost of living, they talk about abortion.


Some even talk about immigration and crime. And you don't hear a lot of January 6th, you don't hear a lot of democracy. I've heard people say, oh, well January 6th happened a long time ago. Like, can't we just move past that? Even though it was bad and Donald Trump was bad because Right. Like, but like, I think this is, this shows the limits of, of polling and focus groups and it's also a language issue. Like I think, I think there's a difference between asking someone about the future of democracy or what happened in the past on January 6th, in which they might say, if future of democracy, I'm trying to like, put food on my table. Right? I think there's a difference between that and asking them, do you want a president who thinks it's okay to throw away your votes or ignore the law or ignore the courts or shoot you if you go out and protest the government?


Because then they might think, you know what, maybe prices were lower when Trump was president, but I don't know if I can trust him to keep me, my family, the country safe when he's promising to let violent insurrectionists who attack cops out of jail and, and worse, which is what he's been saying. So like, I, I think there is a difference. And I think if you just, if just common sense, if you are trying to persuade someone who's about to walk into the voting booth that like, who really thinks they're gonna vote for Donald Trump, that they really shouldn't do it. Like, what are you gonna say at the very end, right? You're gonna say, you're gonna do all the arguments, like there's gonna be a national abortion ban.


There's, he's gonna try to take away your healthcare, like all this stuff. But then it'd be like, do you remember what happened? Do you remember how he tried to overturn the election and then sent a mob to the capitol and he might do it again? Like, that's probably the argument you'd make at the end of the day. so I, I do think that As we get, get close to election day. Like the argument about the his, the threat he poses to our fundamental freedoms and to the country has to be front and center, or at least included with those other issues. Yeah, I, I agree with that. I, this is, this is a real challenge. And if you, like, Biden ran his campaign against Trump as a, he was essentially running with Donald Trump was a threat to democracy.


Biden was gonna save democracy. And I never liked that strategy. I was talked about it before. I, you, I think it's right that the Harris campaign never talks about saving democracy because it is not that democracy is not in line here. It's that democracy is a, it's A language. It's the language. Yes. It's, it's just too, it's too vague and ethereal. And it just makes you the defender of a political system that most people don't think doesn't work. I appreciate that the Harris command has transitioned from democracy to freedom. I think it's a, that's a, that's much better messaging. It is notable. I went back and looked in their convention speeches. Biden uses the term democracy four times in one paragraph, and Harris uses it twice in the whole speech. Yeah. And both times are not really in reference to this form of democracy. It's about America being the greatest democracy in the world and something else.


That's very, and I think the other one's in relation to Ukraine, having said all of that, I think there is a way to take the freedom message and use it as an opportunity to talk about how dangerous Donald Trump is. Because the big lie stuff is not good for Trump. And when he's talking about the election, it's not good for him. We've seen that in polling before. 'cause it makes him look like a lunatic who is out of touch with, who is lost touch with reality, who is dangerously dumb, basically. He's not dangerously strong. He's dangerously stupid. And getting him to talk about it helps. And he, he was at an event today and what did he do? We went on talking about how he won the 2020 election.


And that is good 'cause there is data for progress polling from January, 2024, which shows that majority of voters will not support someone who has pushed the big lie. And obviously Donald Trump is unique in that, but it just shows that only 30% of Republicans, only about a third of Republicans believe the big lie. The vast majority of the country does not. Also, even if you're going just by, you know, polling focus groups, dial tests according to the Harris campaign, Vance's answer on 2020 when he refused to say that, that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election, scored the lowest rating of the night on their dial tests lower even than his abortion answer, which was, which was second place.


And then Waltz's answer scored the highest. And you know, we, we talked about this on the last pod, but in that, that CNN's focus group, there was that Michigan undecided voter. And he said he's now decided because of what JD Vance said about January 6th and how he wouldn't necessarily certify the election in 2024. And that young man clearly knew about January 6th. He had had all this information before. It's not like it was a new revelation to him, but what it did is remind him that these people are fucking nuts. And he was undecided before then, and now he's not. Right. So like I, you know, like I said, I don't think, I think that the way Biden did it with democracy, the language was a little too highfalutin.


It was a little too John Meacham and like the sweep of history kind of stuff. And I think that if, if she can, like you said, if she can sort of bring it down to earth a little bit and talk about it in, in terms of like how Donald Trump could affect people's lives. Just how, just like how his abortion ban could affect people's lives. Just like how him taking away healthcare could affect people's lives, then I think it could be powerful. Okay. Before we go, one quick housekeeping note with a little more than 30 days to go, some of us sickos are living and dying with every single poll. If you wanna understand what all that means, check out Dan's subscriber exclusive podcast, polar coaster. I think on this week, Dan, you, you, you dig into the latest polls of the Battleground states and you try to figure out what's going on with the youth and Latino voters.


Well, John, there's nothing that, that will cause the polar coaster Batson to go up like a New York Times Sienna poll, the Battleground states. And so we had the opportunity to talk about the Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, and Nebraska. Two polls that came out. And we did dig into a bunch of really good, interesting polling on the Latino vote and the youth vote that came out, including the Harvard Youth Poll. So it's a pretty, it's a very inter, very interesting episode that I think will make you better understand the polls, maybe even feel a little bit better about what the polls saved is actually gonna happen in the selection Better you say, okay. I mean, it depends How bad you feel. How bad do you feel now? And if you want more news and analysis designed for the folks who wanna beat Donald Trump and maga extremists, subscribe to the Message Box newsletter that Dan writes all the time for honest analysis of the latest headlines.


I start my morning with it every day. You should too. And if you wanna subscribe to all this, head to crooked.com/yes, we, Dan That's right. It's crooked.com/yes we dan and you can unlock a seven day free trial for both friends of the pod and message box. What a deal. Can you imagine how personally painful it was for me to remind the marketing staff to add the, you know, horribly cringe-worthy Yes. We Dan Landing page into this. I love it. I love it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my yes we Dan t-shirt and wear it to Michigan this weekend. All Right. Please don't do that.


Hot Day of America is brought to you by prize picks. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week. Christian McCaffrey run for more than 75 and a half yards. I don't think he's injured. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game. Run that game. It says your game. I know. I'm just Double stamping What you're saying. Okay. You run that game, John. Run your game On prize picks. Run your game on prize picks. Prize picks is the best way to get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. And you can now win up to a hundred times your money with as little as four correct picks. Wanna play prize picks alongside Drusky Joe Biden and MMA Champ Sean O'Malley. Yeah. You can now find community plays under the promos tab of the app to view entries from some of the biggest names in the prize picks community. I'm the beat Dru Key's ass this week. There you go. Prize picks. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Prize Picks is very, very fun. It's like the best parts of fantasy football, but with a totally different format that's super easy to use. We have a friend here, Ryan in Los Angeles, who's a psycho annoying Steelers fan. So basically my goal is to find as many prospects this week that personally insult him. 'cause he's very into it as well. So stay tuned And also checking out some Patriots Prize picks. Yeah, maybe Jacobi Brit. There we go. Use one on one. Now that's surprising. We should be in Seattle, but you know, something a, a conversation for another day. But check out Price Pick. It's very Fun. Download the app today and use Code CR to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's Code Cricket for $50 instantly after you play your first $5 prize picks. Run your game must be present in certain states. Visit prize picks.com for restrictions and details.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Lumen. Have you heard about Lumen? Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, and more. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause. And adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Lumen iss. Great. Go to Lumen. Yeah. And, And did let you know how, how your menopause. Yeah. And yeah, now I'm tracking my cycles. Yeah. Okay, Good. Which is Great. No, yeah. You breathe into it in the morning and it says, ugh. Brush your teeth. Yeah. Jesus Christ. So you, you're nodding in ketosis. You, you, you coward. Yeah. That's basically it. Anyway. And but it helps you. Yeah. Helps you know if you're, you're working out, you're, you're eating the right stuff, it's great. So if you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/crooked to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/crooked for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Brook Linen with all the life that happens in your bedroom with pets, family, hobbies, me, time, date, night, et cetera. Lot of, lot, lot carried in that, et cetera. Am I right? Charm. Gimme a high five huh. For et cetera. Oh. Talking About sex. How does your bedroom reenergize you, John? Oh, The sheets. Oh, the sheets. Yes. They are comfortable. I Love Brooklinen sheets. Me too. I, I, I, you know that I've recently become a linen sheets person. I never was. I always thought that you can't do linen sheets. I thought I couldn't either, but I couldn either made Brooklyn changing that for you. I Thought I wasn't a, a linen person. And then I tried 'em. I was like, I'm not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. They have everything you need to style your dream bed with layers, textures, throws, blankets. Super high quality products have been tested and awarded by experts, including Good Housekeeping, gq, wire cutter and more. With over a hundred thousand five star reviews, Brooklyn's customizable bundles make it easy to refresh your bed and bathroom, putting everything you need in one place. Brookline's value is the best even helping you save when you bundle. So refresh your space today with Brookline's Award-winning textures, layers, and home essentials. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first order and save extra when you bundle.


So the Trump campaign clearly doesn't want the final weeks of the race to be about the 2020 election and January 6th, but the Harris campaign is dealing with their own set of October surprises. Hurricane Helene has devastated parts of North Carolina, Georgia, and the southeastern United States. Up until right before we started recording 45,000 dock workers at some of America's biggest East Coast ports were on strike. Everyone was worried this could lead to shortages and higher prices. But guess what? There's a deal. They got a, I think believe a 60 something percent raise and then they have paused the strike until January 15th after the election to then go back to talking about, so to see if they can settle other issues.


'cause it wasn't just pay to settle other issues in the meantime. And so they, the strike is off That, you know what that means? Your bananas are safe. Thank God that was the, that was the big concern. I like bananas because I did coffee Too. There was coffee issues. Well, The coffee could wait Right In medicine. I mean, more importantly there was like, there was, there was, there's a lot of medicine that came in. But the, the, the issue was the bananas, which is they don't last very long. And so, oh. 'cause people had, they did. I would, did a lot of reading on the sea, how bad the impact would be on prices. 'cause I'm a lunatic. And it wasn't gonna be in the initial period that bad because companies had been pretty smart. They knew it was coming. They ordered stuff at stores Stockton Advance, they routed some things to the West Coast ports. But the big issue was bananas. 'cause the most bananas come in through the port in Wilmington, Delaware.


And you can only keep bananas for so long. That is true. That is true. They, I I did read in the New York Times that after a week, like the, the everyone could handle basically like a week of a strike, but after, and there was also auto parts coming in. Yeah. So people weren't gonna be able to get their cars like a a it would've been bad the longer it dragged on. If it dragged on like a week or two weeks, three weeks, shit could have gotten bad. So that's really good. And every Day had the strike was the six or seven day. It was like, it took like six or seven days to untangle the bottleneck. Ugh. From that day. Yeah. All right. So we got the hurricane, we got the, the strike. Take that off the list. But we still have BB Netanyahu who seems intent on escalating the war in the Middle East after Iran launched a missile attack on Israel this week.


So still quite a tinderbox in the Middle East Trump campaign clearly sees a political opportunity here based on this new ad that Donald Trump posted yesterday. Like us China also saw their weakness. So did Putin, then he invaded Ukraine. Hamas saw Harris anti-Israel statements and will use it as a green light to keep murdering Israelis. And Iran thinks Harris is so incompetent. New Intel shows they're trying to help Harris win the election. America doesn't need another TikTok performer. We need the strength that will protect us. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message.


Disagree. I think we need more TikTok performer. That's a, I like to pull that, that question. Yes. So I usually don't join the New York Times pylons, but I found their story about this quite annoying. Here's a quote from it. The scenes of striking workers, hurricane devastation in the Southeast and missiles over Israel are unwelcome complications to Kamala Harris's case to keep Democrats in power. A reminder that while Ms. Harris has framed her candidacy as a fresh start for the nation, she very much is part of the administration still in charge. What do you think Dan should Kamala Harris have prevented the hurricane, forced the shipping company to pay higher wages and brokered Middle East peace by now.


I am confident that the reporters who wrote this story right now are writing a huge story about how Kamala Harris solved the strike. She solved the strike. Yeah. That's it. Fresh start right there. Just to their broader point here. I just, I just got one thing I have to say. So bear with me for one second. Imagine that one of these two presidential candidates had been president during an unforeseen crisis. And then shit the bed so badly that a million lives were lost, the economy crashed and it took us years to dig out of it. Now imagine that candidate was not named Kamala Harris. Yeah. It's Like in fairness, he did, Donald Trump did get some bad press from that. He Did. But the point is, is the Theory and then he lost the Election, the under, that's, that's my point.


Right. The underlying theory here is that a chaotic and dangerous world is better for Donald Trump than Kamala Harris. Yeah. And I think we ought to at least test that proposition because Donald Trump has recently lost an election because the world became too chaotic for his erratic behavior. But there's also this silliness about like how much control do the president of the United States, and especially the vice president of the United States have over all of these issues. Right. So the hurricane is probably the craziest to me, right? Like the hurricane, they, first of all, they have no control over the hurricane. They do have control over the response to the hurricane, which so far has had, there's been zero complaints from any of the officials on the ground, including the Republican officials.


The only people that have complained are Donald Trump and JD Vance. And you know, they're henchmen. And so the idea that the hurricane could politically damage Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, and especially Kamala Harris is insane to me. And I think that she has handled it very well. Now, middle East, you can definitely talk about, you know, president Biden's influence over what has happened in the Middle East over the last year and whether he should, you know, condition aid to, to Israel. But even then, even if he did, like this is not a war that US troops are fighting. And you know, Trump, Trump always does this about Ukraine too, right?


Like US troops aren't fighting in this war. You can definitely argue with the Biden administration's foreign policy. Right? And you can criticize it we have before too, but like, just this, this notion that anything bad that happens in the world or in the United States is now also bad for Kamala Harris regardless of whether she and Joe Biden have caused it, have control over it can fix it. It's just, it just drives me nuts. I think it's fair to wonder that as things happen in the world and they affect how voters see the world, which candidate that helps or hurts. Yeah. Yeah. The thing that worried me most about this from a political perspective is prices both the dock worker strike could have spiked prices for things and what's happening in the Middle East certainly can spike prices.


As, we learn today when Joe Biden inarticulately answered a question about Israeli strikes on Iranian oil facilities and the price of crude oil went up 5%. Like that could theoretically red down the Donald Trump's benefit. But we do not know, it's not the same thing as saying what is happening is somehow a statement on the failures of Kamala Harris. That's the problem with that Trump ad is I don't think it's believable by saying that they did these things because of Kamala Harris. I don't think voters are gonna believe that that's not what they think the vice president does. They could have said the Biden Harris administration, they could have said Joe Biden and then said that Kamala Harris would continue that po those policies. But the way they did the ad was just as with so many of Trump's ad, there's just a little too much spin on the ball.


Yes. And I guess my, my complaint about the media coverage on this is like absolutely talk about it. It is, it is fair game. We do it all the time to talk about the political impact of national and international events. Right. And it is also fair to criticize the administration's policies, but at least educate Yes. Readers, viewers on what is within their control and what is not within their control. Right. Right. And, and like, what is actually done. And then you can talk about sort of the political effects. This is one of the, my, the greatest, not that this is the point of this podcast, but one of the huge flaws in political journalism is it doesn't try to inform voters about things as so much as it tries to interpret their ignorance for in terms of politics.


Yeah. Right. Instead of telling them what's actually gonna happen, we're gonna accept the premise that they don't understand. And then we're gonna use that to sort of wildly prognosticate about what could possibly happen. Yeah. Now let's talk about what worries us the most here. I mean, for, for me, like I am very concerned about what's happening in the Middle East, you know, primarily because of the devastating loss of life that we have seen over the last year, and the idea that there could be a even larger war that we get drawn into that other countries get drawn into that more civilians die. I mean it's just, we could talk about that forever. We'll leave that to Tommy and Ben on Pod Save the World. But the political impact, I think there are, there are two.


One is, like you said, voters go to the polls and they just see chaos all over the world. And they want someone to control it and they don't think that anyone is controlling it. And they think that, you know, Donald Trump's tough and and strong and maybe he'll take care of it, which I think is nonsense. But that can be a feeling that voters have. And then I think the economic impact right now I was reading today, I, I do think that we are, oil prices are less sensitive to disruptions in the Middle East than they used to be, partly because the United States is now producing record amounts of oil and natural gas places like Brazil too, right?


Like, so there's a whole bunch of other countries have stepped up production over the last decade and diversified their energy sources. This is the ideal here. Not just drilling more oil, but actually like producing more renewable energy that when, you know, if it is just a fight between Israel and Iran, it's gonna have minimal impact on oil prices. Now if Iran starts attacking Saudi Arabia, if they start, you know, fucking with the shipping of oil in the straight of four moves, like then, then now we're having, now we're having some, some problems, right? Oil prices, gas prices just rising a little bit, you know? Right. A couple weeks before an election. Not good. No, not good. No, Not awesome.


So what do you think that Kamala Harris can or should do differently than she's already doing about all of these things? I mean, like we said, I think, I think she, she did everything right in response to the, the hurricane. What about anything else? Well, about an hour ago, my, my first thing I would say is she should solve the strike. And she did that check. Congratulations. Well done. So she solved the strike. Yeah. Should take a victory lap on that. If we are in a situation, it's so hard, like could these things change the election a lot. We've already had criminal convictions, assassination attempts, candidates, which is huge debate wins and losses. They all move the polls like 1.5% on average. And so it's, none of these things are game changers.


I think that if people's anxiety about the world, their fear of chaos and insecurity go up because of what's happening out there. Right. More in the Middle East, hurricanes, you know, I think this would've been massively magnified, had the strike continued and people couldn't get some of the things they needed. But if those feelings go up there, we do have to focus a little more energy on just how erratic and incompetent and frankly dumb Donald Trump is, that he's not the person you want with steering the state at the ship of state during a crisis. Yeah, we've seen that before. And he has failed miserably at it and just, and he's way worse than he was four years, he fucked up four years ago and he's declined significantly since then.


I think that's an important part of the closing argument here, because I think one feeling that the Harris campaign is probably fighting against with some of these undecided voters or people who haven't decided, you know, whether they're voting at all is, you know what, we all survived four years of Donald Trump and he was an asshole. He was bad. Don't think he's the greatest guy, but we all survived it. So is it really gonna be that bad? And I think you do have to make the argument that not only has he deteriorated, but the people who will be around him in power are just infinitely worse than the people he had in power. And this is where the, all of the members of his cabinet and his staff who have abandoned him and are not voting for him this time, some of them are voting for Kamala Harris.


Some of them are writing in, I don't know, the ghost of Spiro Agnew or some shit like that into the ballot. But they're not supporting him, not as vice president, not as chiefs of staff, not as defense secretaries, not as, you know, just, you can go on down the list. And I think that is a helpful reminder to people in the very last, you know, weeks here about that this is not a normal election. Donald Trump is not a normal candidate. This isn't a battle over tax policy and size of government is about sobbing a very dangerous, dumb, declining person from gaining power again. And also like crises are going to happen no matter what. Right? There's gonna be natural disasters, there's gonna be international events no matter what. The next president's gonna deal with this.


The question is, who do you want dealing with the crisis? And that's where, to your point, you make the case every time something happens about not only what you would do and what you what Kamala Harris is doing now, but like what Donald Trump would do and how he would handle crises like this. This was a story on Thursday, two former Trump White House officials told a political reporter that they had to show Trump voter data to get him to help California wildfire victims, which he ultimately only did because they showed him that in Orange County there were actually a lot of Republicans, Republican voters. And when he found out that there's actually a lot of Republicans in Orange County, he said, okay, you can release the funds to help people who are victims of wildfires.


And I think like it is such a, that is a perfect message for Kamala, Harris and Harris campaign, especially on a day where she appears with Liz Cheney and the message is country over party. Donald Trump is someone who is going to help the people who can help him and punish the people who do not support him. That is his view of power. That is his only ideology. It is not conservative, it is not populist. It is only it. You can help me, I'll help you, and if you don't support me, you're fucked. That's it. It's vengeful narcissism. Yep, that's it. And I, and I think, I think that's how she handles the next couple weeks. So Kamala Harris will undoubtedly be asked about all these events during her big 60 Minutes interview on Monday night.


Donald Trump will not be asked about anything because he pulled out of the interview after initially agreeing to it, won't debate, won't do inter interviews with people who aren't Trump fans. You know, he's a guy who usually loves attention even when it's negative. What do you think's going on? I don't know what's going with Donald Trump. It's pretty clear that his campaign believes to their core that the more Donald Trump speaks, the worse it is for the campaign. They let him do these rallies and it's really just two hours of insanity, which fortunately for them, the local news kind of translates into something resembling coherence. And it's only only in their organized opportunities, not really message opportunities for the campaign, but being, being on national tv.


And even if you watch these rallies, which we are forced by professional obligation to do, he's bad. I mean, he did this, I watched the whole thing live when he decided to do like a press conference after Iran Lon and Miss Missiles at Israel. And he could not have been less coherent, like dangerously incoherent. And he was like tired and he seemed like he was, He made no sense or something. He was stumbling on, stumbling over his words. I mean, if, if when, if Biden had done that when he was in the race, there would've been a huge national story, but we've just, I, I hate that. you know what? Now we've turned in the media critics that we once were and have tried to stop being, but there, it's just, we have accepted a level of incoherence stupidity, dishonesty, depravity from Trump that just goes unremarked upon.


Now I am very glad that Kamala Harris had the opportunity at the debate in front of 70 million people to invite everyone to go watch a Donald Trump rally. And I do think any undecided voter, if you have undecided voters in your life, please show them the rally. You can put it on 1.75 so they don't have to sit there for two hours. But it is, if you wanna vote for that after the two hours, by all means, if You do that, you will gain one vote for Kamala Harris and lose one friend for yourself. But that's a price given the stakes of this election, that's a price worth paying. All right, when we come back, my interview with Crookeds newest host, Stacey Abrams


At Leidos, A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart, but an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart, but integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions and national security and health. We're making smart, smarter Leidos.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Therapy is great. It is John, it is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just that for those who've experienced major trauma, everyone can use therapy. Just great to talk to someone. I'm going to, I, I texted my therapist, I said, I'm coming back after this election, either way, win or lose. And she's like, who is this? Who is this new number? If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/psa.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 and term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not land in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.


Joining us now, New York Times bestselling author, voting rights activist, and the host of the brand new crooked show assembly required. Stacey Abrams. Hello. Thanks for having me. Welcome to la. Nice to have you here. Glad to be back. So I wanna talk to you about voter suppression, but I'd love to start with your thoughts on the 2024 campaign, which is in its final weeks. Last time we chatted was right before the debate that changed everything I think, at a live show in Brooklyn. We now have a new nominee who, at least according to the polls, is more competitive in Georgia than Biden was. But Kamala Harris is still a few points behind Donald Trump, at least according to the polling.


How do things feel on the ground in Georgia and what are you hearing from voters? Georgia feels like a battleground because that's what it is. And I like to remind people that we are a purple state because you actually have to fight there. Not because we know who's going to win and in any fight someone's gonna be up, someone's gonna be down. Right now she's pulling within the margin of error. I will say the energy is really good. Okay. The one caveat is that of course we are now going to have to grapple with the aftermath of Hurricane Helene, but we have seen the Biden Harris administration respond trying to get resources to the communities and, and that's important first and foremost because of humanitarian reasons, taking care of the people who need to be taken care of right now, this is not the first time that a hurricane has moved through Georgia, this close to an election, but it's the first time it's been as widespread.


And so what I think we are going to see is that people are going to have to grapple with who do you want to have serve you next? Because recovery from a hurricane, recovery from these kind of extreme events, it doesn't happen overnight and it doesn't happen in a few weeks. All of us are gonna be focused on how do we make certain every person is taken care of first. But I do think that there will be a, a recognition of, and certainly a sensitivity to how do we make certain that we're ready for the next storm, the next calamity. Hmm. In these last few weeks, the vice president and her campaign can warn people about what Trump and Republicans plan to do in a second term on any number of issues.


The Harris Walls campaign can spend time talking about their own plans on any number of important issues for voters in Georgia who are still on the fence, what do you think they most want to hear from Kamala Harris? I would say that Georgia voters who are on the fence are not deciding between Vice President Harris and former President Trump. They're deciding between voting and not voting. And so what is incumbent upon the candidates is to remind people of the consequence of not voting that there are real decisions that are going to be made by this next president. We live in a state that until two days ago, was still under a six week ban and will likely be back under that six week ban once the State Supreme Court reinstates the abortion ban that has killed people in Georgia, two women have died.


And so what I think is going to be the most telling part of this process is what do you want next? And who do you believe will deliver that? And if you show up, do you wanna be a part of making that happen? Hmm. So on the latest episode of your excellent new podcast Assembly required you talk about voting access with Ari Berman, the National Voting Rights Correspondent for Mother Jones. Let's play a clip from your conversation. Can you talk about what's different about voting access in this upcoming election as compared to 2020? What tactics to restrict voting are new and what do you recognize from years past?


So there's really been a continuum since 2010 of restrictions on access to the ballot. But those got turbocharged by Donald Trump's effort to try to overturn the election. So since 20 20, 28 states have passed new laws, making it harder to vote in some form or another, and some of them, as you know very well were direct response to the things Trump said in 2020 from, from my vantage point, and I think you would agree with this, is that the big thing since 2020 is that we have voter suppression on the front end, but now we also have voter suppression on the backend. Meaning that they're not just trying to make it harder to register to vote or cast a ballot.


They're making it harder for votes to be counted because that was Trump's ultimate goal in 2020. So that to me is the most alarming tactic we're seeing in places like Georgia, and I think it's the newest tool in their arsenal to try to undermine democracy. So Ari mentioned voter suppression on the backend, meaning you might vote but your vote might not be counted. Can you talk about what some of those new restrictions look like? So Georgia's been hard at work making it hard to vote. The two most concerning issues involve the state election board, which is the body that has been running amuck with creating new rules that we believe are patently unconstitutional and certainly illegal.


One is that it gives the individual member of the county election board the ability to essentially decertify the election, not count the ballots. The second is that it requires a hand count of every ballot in every precinct. We're talking about a state of 11 million people, roughly 5 million possible voters. The sheer volume of hand counting could delay certification and therefore delay the allocation of electoral college votes. So what they are trying to do is so chaos to create these fail points in the system where either one person gets angry and says or is not angry, is very cold.


And you know, cool headedly saying, we're not going to count this precinct, we're not gonna count this county, meaning that the electoral college process grinds to a halt in the state of Georgia. Or we're going to draw out this process and possibly stir up questions of controversy and mismanagement that are not provable but are so hard to deal with. We miss the deadline. And so in fact, today the judge ruled that there are going to be some basically that you don't have the right to not certify. In fact, he said, you know, there's a deadline, you're gonna get it done.


Unfortunately, this case will continue to move through the state courts. We don't know what will happen at the end. But either of those two things could mean that Georgia's 16 electoral college votes do not have the force and effect that they should have. But more than anything, they undermine confidence in the system and they create, again, chaos in how we understand how elections should run. And the reason that this could really hurt the outcome of the election is there's a deadline by which every state has to certify their election and send their slate of electors to dc. And if Georgia misses that deadline because they are hand counting every vote, or because someone on the county on the board decided to decertify and people are challenging that, then that means that Georgia's electoral votes will be decided by the house delegation or, So there are a couple of scenarios.


So one scenario is that they simply don't get counted that they, if the certification isn't completed, then you reduce the number of necessary electoral college votes by the number that are not included. And so that shifts the number, the two 70 to win no longer becomes the operative number. we don't know what happens because we haven't seen this happen. The last time the electoral college got sent to the House of Representatives was Andrew Jackson. And so, you know, we don't have a good accounting of what that looks like. And you haven't until that point you also didn't have the extreme gerrymanders. Because the thing to remember, if it goes to the House of Representatives, it's not the number of members, it's the delegations.


Hmm. That means if you live in a state like, oh, I don't know Wisconsin, where in terms of sheer number you have more Democrats. But in terms of extreme gerrymander, you have more Republicans. The Republican delegation makes the decision not the number of Democrats versus Republicans in the house. Yeah. I think people, and a lot of people don't understand this because when we talk about the potential for a 2 69, 2 69 tie going to the house, say, well what if Democrats win the house? But it doesn't matter because Republicans control more state delegations in the in the house. So are the legal challenges to these two new rules aimed at just declaring the rules unconstitutional altogether?


Yeah, so we've had the strange bedfellows moment where Democrats have sued and Republicans have sued both to mitigate. It will not be shocking to anyone that the Republicans are trying to mitigate in a different way. Yeah. They're like, they shouldn't be able to do all of it, but let some of it go through, okay, Democrats are saying it's patently and facially unlawful. So strike down what they've done. In part because the process they used was unlawful. The governor has the responsibility that he's refusing to meet, which is to investigate the failure to abide by Georgia's open meetings act. The first set of rules, the ones that changed, who can certify happened with these called meetings that did not abide by any of the rules in the state of Georgia.


The Republican Attorney General said, yeah, it's bad and we don't like it, but the governor doesn't have to do anything about it. And the governor has, you know, hidden underneath that protective cover of cowardice. And so they haven't done anything. My issue is this, it does not matter who does it. When you undermine democracy, you undermine it for everyone. And these laws are giving a permission structure for the rules to change in the middle of the game, in the middle of the process. And no one knows what it means. There's a phrase that they're using in some of these rules called reasonable inquiry, but they don't describe what's reasonable or what the inquiry looks like.


And it's that absence of certitude that then creates more concern and more worry and undermines the confidence in the system. And that's why I say it's designed to so chaos. So that's Georgia. Yes. Where else have there been new voting restrictions that concern you? Arizona, I was actually recently there working with Native American voters. They are deeply concerned because one of the new rules in Arizona requires proof of citizenship, which seems innocuous, except that it's to prove citizenship does not simply mean that you have your social security card.


Every state that is trying to make that a thing has a different set of rules. And that means you are sowing, again, lack of confidence, but also confusion in the system. In addition, in Arizona, it's the difference between whether you get a state ballot, meaning you can affect the state legislature, which actually changes a lot of your life. Or you can only vote on the federal, on the federal slate that has been winding its way through the courts. And the issue becomes who can participate? Texas as always is a provocateur of stupid. And so they have decided to make, I mean they've been doing massive purges. They require anyone registering someone to vote to register independently in each county.


It's a lot of counties. And so if you are a voter registration effort, you don't simply get to register, you have to register each time in each county. And if you register someone without the appropriate permissions in that county, that registration can be thrown out and you can be fined. Florida has done some things similar in North Carolina. They have a new voter ID law and that should be of deep concern, especially given how hard hit North Carolina was by the hurricanes. And so across the country, once again, we have states where these will be the deciding votes and the people who simply want to participate in our democracy are facing these hurdles, not born of any real protective need.


Hmm. It's born entirely of an attempt to stop them from being heard. Right. And I think people, even on the citizenship thing, people don't understand that like a lot of people don't have their birth certificate or their, or have their passport or like maybe they know their social security number but they don't have their social security card. And like just requiring all that documentation from a lot of people who aren't necessarily inclined to be like, maybe they're voting for the first time, you know, Or they can't afford it. I mean, part of what we get used to, if you have all of these things, you forget how hard it is to get these things. If you are some, if you're a homeless vet, you may not have all of your paperwork with you all in Georgia.


You have to go to the county where you want to register and have your registration authorized there, assuming that you live close enough to the county office to do so. But if you don't own a car, it may not be possible for you to make your way there. And that's presuming you live in a county with public transportation. Most Americans do not have passports. And every time we see these laws, the logic of the law seems unassailable. Of course only citizenship vote. Of course you should have id, it is never a question of the intent. Hmm. It's a question of the process. And these rules are designed to make the process so complicated that to the untrained eye, it seems innocuous, but to the person trying to navigate it, it seems labyrinthine and impossible.


And it is the sheer exhaustion that often convinces voters not to show up. Not because they didn't want to, not because they don't believe in their citizenship, but because they don't have the time or the resources to navigate all of the hurdles that are being put in place for their citizenship to be made real. Yeah. And they're just struggling to put food on their family's table at the time. I know it hasn't been all bad news. It hasn't. On the voting rights front, since 2020, what are some examples of places that have expanded access? Nevada's done a great job. Mm. They've done a fantastic job of starting to expand and give more people access. Pennsylvania is doing better. They, I'm they're county a state to watch. Oregon and Washington state are just show offs.


You know, they do Washington, I think they like send you an engraved invitation. You know, they send you cutlery like they really want you to vote. Nice. I Like that. New Jersey did some good expansion. So did New York. And the thing to remember is that sometimes voter suppression is benign. It is not that they are actively working against you, it's just they're, they're not doing what they can to make it easier. We need more states that do automatic voter registration. We need more states that do same day registration. People move, the rent is too high and therefore you may cross a county line and not realize it until you show up to cast your new ballot and they tell you you can't. So we need more states to follow the lead of making it easier for our citizens to actually participate in their elections.


To your point that one of the more pernicious effects of voter suppression is, is people thinking if I'm gonna be turned away at the polls or if I'm not sure my vote's gonna count, maybe it's just not worth it. What are some steps people can take to make sure their voices are heard in this election? So start by going to vote.gov. Verify your vote, verify that you were registered. Verify that you're not in one of the states that has indulged in massive purges. Georgia of course being a state that likes to purge. In fact, there was a really good story recently that when Kamala Harris showed up for her rally on July 30th, there are thousands who got re-registered who'd been purged from the roles and said, no, I'm coming back.


I wanna make sure I get hurt this time. So join them. Yeah, make sure that you verify that you are registered to vote. The second is then encourage someone you know to verify. This only works if we have the shared system of resistance and we have to resist the attempt to diminish our votes. So the person you know who you know is gonna stick with it, great call the person you don't know the the person who is always a little waffly when you ask how they're gonna vote or if they're gonna vote and just remind them. The next thing is that make a plan to vote. It sounds again very basic, but when you plan to vote you actually have to think through the steps, especially in the places that have been hit by the hurricane.


Making a plan to vote means how do you navigate things that you just did not imagine would be an issue. Like the polling place where you were used to casting your ballot no longer exist. Let's find out. So go to vote.gov and make sure you know what the rules are in your state. Places like North Carolina have rules for natural disasters. Other states may not know what the rules are. And then lastly, volunteer. If you've solved all the problems for yourself, help other people.


So there is this wonderful organization called Fair Fight. Oh, I've heard of it. Thank you being that's doing amazing work on volunteering. It's so go to fair fight.com/lf gv. Let's freaking go volunteer. And it's a great place to sign up to help others who may not know what the rules are for them. They may not know how to navigate the difficulties, but we've gotta remember that if we are willing to verify and then volunteer, then we will vote ourselves to victory.


I like that. Any last parting advice for our anxious listeners who are, who've been riding the polar coaster in these final weeks? You and I have had this conversation so many times. Look, I polls are a snapshot of where we are. They are not a prediction of where we end up, but they tell us the work we have to do. So if you don't like the polls, what are you doing to change the outcome? What are you doing to touch more people? To call more people, to engage more people And stop spreading your worry. Stop spreading your worry. Spread your ambition. Yeah, your ambition for women to have the right to control their bodies for children. To not have to go to school in fear, for us to have a democracy when this is all over.


If we spread that ambition and we do the work of voting, then we get the country we need to have Spread your ambition, not your worry. I love that. That's great. Stacey Abrams, thanks as always for joining Po Save America. Everyone check out Assembly Required with Stacey Abrams. Fantastic new episode. Just dropped with Ari Berman and come back again soon. Absolutely. Thanks for having me.


So to end the show today, we also have a preview from our latest episode of Inside 20 24, 1 of our subscriber shows where US hacks talk about what it's like to work on a campaign. In this episode, Alyssa Masteron and I talk about rallies, why campaigns do them, whether they still matter. And we talk about some of our favorite Obama rallies that still make Alyssa tear up. This was an awesome episode. This was a great episode. It was fun. It was so fun doing it with Alyssa and Caroline Reston, our our producer joined as well. So check out the preview and if you want to get access to Inside 2024 polar coaster, lot of other great insider behind the scenes crooked content, subscribe to Friends of the pod by going to crook.com/friends or signing up through Apple Podcasts. And now here's inside 2024.


Everything right now in the campaign, at least, especially for the Harris campaign, is about capturing people's attention and trying to capture people's attention. Which is much harder now than it was when we did a 48 hour campaign stunt in 2012. That actually did get a lot of attention. Yeah. Now it's almost impossible to get people's attention. The debate did that. She kicked ass at the debate, her polls went up. We're already seeing some of the bounce she got from the debate. Fade a little bit in the polls, which is why I think the Harris campaign wants another debate. Trump is ducking the second debate. If they can't get him to do a second debate. I think that in those final weeks of the campaign in October, the Harris campaign is not just gonna do rallies like they've been doing and just running television ads.


And that's that. Like, they're gonna want to come up with very creative ways to break through the noise and capture people's attention since they don't have another debate. I think it's really hard to figure out what an event would be like or interview or anything that would break through the noise, capture people's attention. There is no more monoculture anymore. Everyone's getting their news from different, but so like, people need to brainstorm on this. If you guys have any ideas. I just had an idea. Oh, Caroline's got one idea. What? Presidential speed dating. We gotta, well listen, she's Married. No, not for like, actually like dating. But you get a bunch of like people, I don't know, people who go to a rally.


Yeah. People who are interested. You line them up with the candidate and like other staff members and they like round robin. Get to talk to them for two minutes each. Caroline, who did you learn Round Robin from Miss Thank you. Master Monica. Thank you Mrs. Excuse me. Sam, woman Subscribers, friends of the pod Discord users. Send us ideas if you have 'em. That wasn't a good one. See if you No, no, I'm just saying see if you can beat Caroline's idea. I also forgot that we took Barack Obama to like the Middle East and Europe at the end of July in 2008. We did, we were all about trying to break through. Yeah. And that was when it was easier. Is that considered a creative move? What? Oh yeah.


To go to the Middle East and the middle at, at the end of your campaign. He did A Yeah, we went to Brandon Burg gate in, in Germany and had a crowd of how many people? It's like 250,000, 250,000 people to show that like this was the bush years the world hated us 'cause of Iraq. Right. And so this was to show that like, look, if we elect this new leader, the world will once again love America. Wow. And but it was a high wire act because he was not the president. He wasn't the president. So we had no embassy support. We had no embassy support. A lot of the things you get when you're president, we just kind, Alyssa just basically planned it herself. Did You both got together? I Did. I I did not. I did.


I mean Alyssa went and Rhodes went, right? Rhodes Went. Yeah. Roads went. Yeah, I was, I was back home. But That was, that was, it was like five countries, seven countries, something like that in a couple days. It was, it was crazy. We had to prove, we had to prove to the America that we could perform on a world stage. And then we came back and John McCain had those good superstar ads where he compared Barack Obama to Paris Hilton. 'cause we got so many people in Yeah, in Britney Spears in Germany. Yeah. But fabs do you also like, just to give people a sense of like the choices that you make. So it was not that far before the election. It was sometime in October that we heard Barack Obama's sister called me to tell me that his grandmother was, did not have much time left.


And and Pluff said to me, he's like, listen, if I, if I talk to him, he's not gonna wanna go like, think about this is the woman the most important in his life. And he really struggled with like letting us down by saying, yes, I wanna take like two days off the campaign trail and go to Hawaii. And I always think about what a hard decision that felt like for him at the time. And like how as an real adult. Now that makes me sad because it was such the right thing to do. 'cause she passed away just a couple days before the election. Yeah. And also, I mean, first of all, yeah, she was like another mother to him, right? Yes. 'cause when she, she raised him and his mother was working to, basically, she raised his grandmother, his grandfather and his mother raised him.


So she, he was very, very close. But I was thinking about it like, if it was now You would, it'd be a no-brainer. It would be a no-brainer. Partly because, you know, there's just so many other ways to get in people's faces. Right. If you're a candidate, back Then it didn't feel that way. It didn't feel that way. Especially towards the end. If that felt like a big deal that he was gonna leave the trail for a couple days. But now I feel Like now it'll help you. Like, look what a sympathetic normal person who cares about a parental figure. Donald Trump was sat in court for a month, didn't do much. He's still not, He was, yeah. Right. He's still not, he is still just hanging out in Mar-a-Lago half the days. So yeah, I don't, I think that was, it's interesting that that changed. But Fso here's my question. So we've talked about the rallies, but part of what I loved about this episode that sometimes I think we forget because we were such a team, you know, it's like people didn't sit around taking credit for whatever their contribution was to whatever happened that day.


And I was watching so many of Barack Obama's speeches and fabs, all the ones I was watching you fucking wrote, and I'm like crying and I'm tearing up and I'm like, this is some, like, these are like, so West wing, they're like better than the Sorkin crescendos of speeches that he wrote. And I wanna know, how do you, so at this point, how are you looking at speeches that you're giving Obama? Because also unlike someone like Trump, he didn't just take one, you know, 12 minute speech and just give it over and over again. It was always different. So how did you, what makes a great a, a rally speech? Great. And like how did you do it?


Well, first of all, thank you. You know, had Rhodes helped me and Frankel and the, and, and Cody and Sarah take Sarah, Sarah the crew and Credit And Bar Obama, of course. But anyway, it took, first of all, it took us a long time as you know, to get a stump speech. Stump speech is like your rally speech. That was good. Meaning most of 2007 when we were campaigning his stump speech or his rally speech was like 45 minutes. And he would like talk about policy details and then like, we'd all get in trouble. 'cause it was not great. And he knew it wasn't great and we knew it wasn't great and we were just, it was really hard. So starting from like the fall of 2007, a couple months before the Iowa caucuses, he did the Iowa Jefferson Jackson dinner speech.


That was the first time. And he had to memorize that speech 'cause you couldn't read a prompter. That was such a good spot. We got like a good 10 to 12 minute speech that he had memorized. And that became like the basis for our stump speech. And then that of course evolved. I mean that, that became the basis for like, when he won Iowa. There was like the Iowa Night victory speech. There was the New Hampshire speech where he actually lost, but that was like the yes we can speech. So we had this series of like primary night speeches and then we ended up into the, and then of course it changed again by the general, but basically the key to a good rally speech is obviously you want applause lines, right?


And you want, you know, applause lines. Like, that's why I am running for president. Big applause. That's what we believe. Big applause, right? Like, that's why we're gonna create good jobs here in the United States of America. Woo, everyone cheers. But you do not just want a rally speech to be a collection of applause lines. You want it to tell a story. And good stories have a beginning, a middle, and an end. You want it to be 10 to 15 minutes. Yeah, that's it. You don't want it to be super long. Or at least you wanna s you wanna have it written to be 10 to 15 minutes knowing that the candidate's gonna ad-lib. So yeah. And you wanna tell a story. You want to talk about who you are.


You wanna talk about the problems in the country. What you're gonna do is solve them. And then also sort of like wrap it up in a, like, here, here's what works in a, in a rally speech, unity, hope, patriotism, populism, that's those are, I think those are like the the four ingredients to a really good democratic rally speech. And then you gotta make it your own and then you gotta change it up depending on what's in the news. And so by the end of a campaign at this point, so John McCain would say something or Sarah Palin would say something and it would make news and then Obama would respond to it in his speech. And so you'd have your typical stump speech that you'd give in a rally, but you would, we would call them either a topper, you'd top the speech with something new to respond to your opponent or an insert or something would happen in the news that you'd respond to and you'd try to, you know, have a funny line that was quotable that would get the crowd going.


But that's sort of how you would change the rally speech or modify it with each new event and keep everything fresh because the news is gonna cover your speeches and you want them to cover something somewhat new. Because if it's the same shit over and over and over again, like people are just gonna get bored with it. That's our show for today. Thanks to Stacey Abrams for stopping by. Sign up for friends of the pod at crooked.com/friends and we'll hopefully see some of you in Ann Arbor. We're gonna be there Saturday night. We're gonna be in Philly Sunday night. Those pods will be in your feed afterwards and I think we'll be back for another normal pod on Wednesday.


Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keefer. Madeleine Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, KIRO Pal Aviv, and David Toles


At Leidos. A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart, but an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart. But integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions and national security and health. We're making smart, smarter leidos.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.