
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's nothing quite like the Honda Civic hybrid Accord hybrid and C RV hybrid when it comes to exhilarating efficiency. With hybrid technology and thrilling capability, these vehicles deliver an electrifying performance on every drive. But what truly makes these hybrids special is the unwavering determination that inspires everything we do. Redefine your driving experience with Honda KBB dot com's Best value brand of 2024 Based on 2024 Consumer Choice Awards from Kelly Blue Book. Visit kbb.com for more information.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Kamala Harris's campaign drives a message on reproductive freedom with a searing new ad and a live streamed event with Oprah Winfrey. Donald Trump tries to win over swing voters in New York, DC and the Fox News audience. And speaking of former reality TV stars, Dan Tommy and I hold our own tribal council with a Survivor contestant who was voted off early, but can still win if Jeff Probes has the courage. Our very own Jon Lovett cannot Wait. I cannot wait for this. Let's get through this politics and let's get to Survivor fast. Oh yeah. We're also gonna talk about the, the Republican nominee for governor and North Carolina has called himself a black Nazi and posted on on porn message boards.


So we're gonna, we're gonna get to that too. It's quite a quite a day here. All right. But first we have had a polling tsunami in the 24 hours since Dan, you recorded Wednesday's Pod with the desu, including the post debate, New York Times Sienna poll that US Sickos have been checking our phones for at 4:00 AM every morning. I won't bore all you non sickos with every top line and cross tab, but when you take all the high quality polling and averages together, here's what you get. Kamala Harris has about a three point lead nationally, a one point lead in Pennsylvania, a two point lead in Wisconsin and Michigan and every other swing state basically tied under a point, either under a point with a Harris lead or a Trump lead.


The Times had an especially interesting sort of head scratching result. They have Trump and Harris tied at 47 nationally, which is a statistically meaningless one point improvement from their pre-debate poll. But they also did a separate Pennsylvania poll that has Harris up 50 to 46, which is the exact same results as their last Pennsylvania poll a couple months ago. Altogether there were eight Pennsylvania polls that dropped this week, most of them in the last 24 hours. Many from high quality pollsters and they did, most of them did show movement to Harris from their previous polls, but still one point race in the most important swing state in the country.


so I know you and Adi who talked about the state of the race on Wednesday, but because I am a sicko, I had to talk to you about the poll apocalypse, the polling tsunami. I'm trying out different, it's not even A poll apocalypse 'cause the polls are actually kind of good. Yeah, I know. It's kind. It's kind of like, like snowpocalypse. Remember that in DC when there's just of snow, I do remember Snowpocalypse, Yes. Snow anyway was your take from time Sienna and how can they have the race tied nationally? But Harris ahead in Pennsylvania, shouldn't it be the other way around? It doesn't make a ton of sense, right? Biden won the popular vote in 2020 by four and a half points. He won Pennsylvania by 1.2 points. So if these two times polls are correct in Kamala Harris is tied nationally with Trump, but up by four Pennsylvania, that's a seven point swing over the course of four years, which seems just impossible to imagine.


And it is different than the polling averages, right? Which have Harris, as you mentioned, up three up one in Pennsylvania, that makes a little more sense. That's sort of consistent with 2020. Now, I will say, and Nate Coh to his credit, Nate Cohen, the, the person in charge of the New York Times Senate polling wrote a column where he wrestled with this conflicting result. And, and I think to his credit is more willing to address the possible fallibility of, of the polls they do than any other media pollster. So he's willing to say like, maybe it's, maybe it's not right. Here's some reasons it might be right. And one of the things within the poll that I think is interesting, which could suggest that maybe the electoral college Republican bias may be shrinking is in the Pennsylvania poll, Trump has a four point lead on the economy nationally is a 13 point lead.


And the reason why I think that's interesting is maybe it is noise, maybe it's just a overly friendly Pennsylvania sample. But it's also true that Pennsylvania has seen more messaging than any state. It's where Kamala Harris campaigns the most. It's where the most money is spent on ads. And so it would make sense that if she's making progress in defining herself, particularly on the economy where they're spending the most money that it would be, you would see those results in Pennsylvania first. 'cause in the vast majority of the country, the people are seeing no Kamala Harris communications at all. No Trump communications, they, they are bystanders to the race. And then the one other point here, and it just, like I said, it could all be noise, it could be wrong, but Jacob Rubashkin of inside elections pointed out that just a decent sized drop in the Democratic margin in big states like New York and California would shrink the national popular vote margin by at least a point.


And there is a se, a separate CI college poll, which shows Harris underperforming Biden's 2020 numbers in New York, although still winning by a lot. So a lot to unpack here, but it seems unlikely. But it is possible. There's a world in which it is true that you could be essentially tied nationally or You know up a point or down a point 'cause it's all in the margin of error and have a little lead to Pennsylvania. The scenario where Democrats are doing slightly worse in nonw states. And that's what shrinks the electoral college advantage for Republicans is similar to what happened in 2022 in the midterms where all these national polls showed it closer. People still thought maybe a red wave was coming.


Some of that was just You know Republican pollsters putting out garbage polls. But in these swing states where Democrats were running races and pouring all money and time and energy and resources and volunteers into those Democrats just tended to do better than just Democrats in states where we weren't as focused because they weren't as competitive. And so You know we did see that in the midterm. So it is possible. I also think I mean, you said it initially, like if the national average is three, if she's up by three, then a poll that comes out with her tide fits with a national average of her being yeah.


Ahead by three. Because these are all, it's still margin of error. Even when you do polling averages, it's still margin of error because you're, it's just a larger sample of voters. And so that's not too crazy. And then You know a poll that shows her up being four in Pennsylvania when the averages show her up one same thing. It's like it's, it's not crazy, right? Like you just get polls that are gonna be You know if the average is one, you're gonna get poll some polls that are up four, up five, some polls where she's down three or four. Like that's just the way polling works. So we've now had enough polling though that I think we can assess the impact of the debate, right? We're more than a week out from the debate. We've now had just more polls than we've had in one given period maybe in the whole race.


What would you say is the impact of the debate? The impact of the debate is similar to the impact of Donald Trump being convicted of a felony and Donald Trump being shot in the ear, which is about a point. And it's just, this is, it's just the other matter. This is a game of inches and you're just not seeing gigantic movement. And even within the national, if you look at the Times pre-debate poll and the Times post-debate poll, the two numbers that stick out are the number of people who feel like they need to know more about Kamala Harris is virtually unchanged from the previous poll. And the number of people who think that she is a risky choice or represents more of the same, another number that worth noting is basically unchanged.


And so for, I think she did herself good, she's You know a lot of the polling, so she's improved her favorability rating and other polling. But it has not been enough to, as of yet, move people who were in the undecided category into her category. And that's, I don't think hugely shocking, but it's just a reminder of like what slow grinding work this election is. Maybe this is a, a ros or take, but I think if you squint at the polling since the debate, it shows slight movement toward her. Right? And even digging into that times pole, it's true that the percentage of people who said they need to know more about her hasn't really changed.


It's down two Point down two points. So yeah. And when you, they asked a question, did you learn a lot, a little nothing at all about Kamala Harris and Donald Trump because of the debate. Like the percentage of people who said they learned a lot or some about her that was new, was much higher than Donald Trump, which is not surprising, but, and it was also like a, it was like in the thirties, forties. And that's a pretty, for, especially for some subgroups, right? And that's a pretty good number I think. And the fact that she has rising favorability, remember she has a different trajectory here, different task ahead of her than Donald Trump does.


Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. And Donald Trump's trying to disqualify Kamala Harris. Everyone knew who Joe Biden was too. With Kamala Harris. There's just, we've said she has so much more room to grow. And as you see her favorability creeping up, even as all this money is being spent against her by Donald Trump on ads, especially in a state like Pennsylvania. And her favorability is going up anyway. And I think the debate for the people who watch the debate, and again the poll shows this too. The Times poll, if you watch the debate, you were much more likely to support Kamala Harris than if you didn't watch the debate or if you had just heard about the debate. And so I think for people who watch that debate, they tended to come away with a more favorable impression of her.


They got to know more about what she stands for. For a lot of people, for a lot of undecided voters, not enough still, but they, they learned some and they were reminded what a jackass Donald Trump is. And so I think that like she did some, she did some good work. Oh For sure. You know, what would you say she has left to do? Like what are her big, what's her to-do list for the next six weeks? It's to fill in the rest of the, the picture on everything, in particularly the economy. Like that is the one thing that stands out. Even though there were those, I think those very good numbers in around, in Pennsylvania, when you go back and you watch that debate, the economy is an afterthought. It was the first couple questions, her answers were good in that question. The, the message has seen afterwards shown that those are some of her best, most popular answers with swing voters.


But they're not the things that are being sent around on TikTok and Instagram and getting covered in the media. And so You know her biggest task was to educate people about her approach to the economy. And she didn't get as much of an opportunity to do that as I think she would like. So that stands out as a huge task for her. And it's just, I think you have it exactly right. People learned a lot about her, but they still wanna know more. So she made progress, but she hasn't closed the sale. And so it's to spend the next seven weeks continuing to fill in that picture for this very critical, very small slice of voters that she needs to put her over the top. I think she could use an answer on the economy for whatever interviews she does that is a little tighter, a little more focused and a little broader in who her plans will help.


I think that, and I think this was the right thing to do, but during the debate and maybe in the couple interviews she's done since then, there's a lot of talk about her values. She's a middle class kid, she cares about the middle class and You know. That's great. That's probably what every consultant told her to do as they should. And you want, and especially with someone who's not as defined as her, you wanna ground your plans in your values. so I totally. That's right. But then she sort of, it's like a lot of words to get to. She gets to the housing stuff at some point. She then gets to the childcare tax credit. But listening to focus groups since the debate, Sarah Long Well's focus groups, reading some of the New York Times focus groups of undecided voters.


What you get from some people is, it was nice to hear that stuff. I don't necessarily know that it was gonna apply to me. Like how am I gonna be helped under a Harris presidency? What's she gonna do for me? And also You know she didn't give a straight answer on the economy and it took her too long. Yeah. And I didn't, I couldn't quite get what she was saying. so I think like I mean she's got a tax cut, a middle class tax cut that's going to go to a hundred million Americans, right? Like I would go right to that and then with every policy that she has proposal, I would have a contrast with Donald Trump, right? So like, what do you wanna do in the economy? Well, You know Donald Trump wants to give a tax cut to billionaires. I wanna give a tax cut to a hundred million middle class Americans, right? I wanna make sure I wanna lower the cost of healthcare even more.


I wanna lower the cost of drugs even more. Here's how I do that, right? Like I think whatever the list is, just pick like five things and have that be your thing that you say everywhere and all your surrogates say, and it's in ads and everything else. Yeah. I think that she needs, she needs a five it, I don't wanna say a five point plan, like you don't have to put it on a card or anything, but it is, I'm gonna lower prices for you by stopping price gouging. I'm gonna lower housing costs by, by capping rent costs and making sure we build more homes. I'm gonna lower the cost of healthcare while and while Donald Trump's gonna repeal the Affordable Care Act. And I'm gonna give the largest middle class tax cut in history or whatever the right way to say it. The fact, the fact check appropriate way of saying that is paid for by asking the wealthy in corporations to pay a little bit more. Boom. Done.


I'm glad you mentioned the price gouging. 'cause I know the, all the fucking nerds out there, the policy nerds are a little so-So on the price gouging proposals, it's like, you know what? Kamala Harris, she has a record on this when she was Attorney General, went after the big banks on behalf of homeowners succeeded, went after for-profit colleges screwing over students succeeded. She can go after, she can talk about her record and then talk about how she's gonna go after companies that are just gouging consumers and jacking up prices for no good reason. And I think it's, it's an extremely popular proposal. It's just something that she's gonna feel comfortable saying because she has a record on it and it suddenly just sort of fell out of her answers after the convention.


And I'm not sure why I'm, I'm glad you have reignited one of the great rivalries in American life policy nerds versus polling nerds. So it's like, Or, or You know people who wanna win elections. I don't know. Or people who are pissed about rising prices and would like someone to like go after corporations and hold them accountable. I don't know. Anyway, all right. Let's talk about the two campaigns are doing to win over the potential swing state voters who are still undecided with six weeks to go. Donald Trump is busy storming the battlegrounds of New York and DC on Wednesday night. Trump held a rally at the Nassau Coliseum on Long Island before heading to Manhattan to appear on Greg Gutfeld primetime show. A real surgical targeted approach to campaigning with a message to match.


Here's some of what he said. Patriotic New Yorkers must get your asses out to vote. Gotta get up. Get to get out. Harry, get up Harry. Harry, get your fat ass out of the couch. You're gonna vote for Trump today, Harry. But I'd say, baby, who could do it like me? Nobody can do it like me. How great am I in the next two weeks I'm going to Springfield and I'm going to Aurora. You may never see me again, but that's okay. Gotta do what I gotta do. Whatever happened to Trump? Well, he never got outta Springfield. Americans deserve a campaign based on the issues. We try and keep it on the issues.


You know. They said I'm the goat in debates. 'cause I had a lot of debates and I became president and the goat means greatest of all time to thank you. And they didn't correct her once. And they corrected me everything I said practically, and I think nine times or 11 times. And the audience was absolutely, they went crazy. They said, Joe, it's over. You're getting out. And he said, I'm not getting out. You're getting out. And they put her in and she somehow a woman, somehow she's doing better than he did. Yeah, but I, I can't imagine it can last. What the fuck?


Look, he's just trying to have a campaign on the issues. We should note that, of course, there was no audience at the debate. Can you imagine, I hate, I don't love this one battle, but can you just imagine if Joe Biden, What if Joe Biden You Know we would have, there would be 700 news cycles about it. He imagined a debate audience. He imagined we Like, that's fine. He's just what? Wacky Trump. He is not, this fucking brain is melting before our eyes. I think it's more like he just, he lies so easily. Right. And like all he, he, the only thing that's going on in his brain is like, how can I talk about how wonderful I am and how great I'm, and how many people love me? Right? People love me everywhere. There's audiences everywhere I go, there's crowds, they're screaming there people are coming up to me, grown men.


They're crying. Mr. Trump, you're wonderful. You're right. It's, it's sort of that part of his brain that's just like, no matter what he's talking about, doesn't matter what actually happened. He just needs to talk about how the crowds loved him. Whatever he did, the crowds loved him. And then other people who are running against him and don't like him are treating him unfairly. That's it. That when you have that in your mind, everything else is pretty easy to talk about. Well I would, I would just say that 70-year-old Trump could keep all the Shamus lies. Oh yeah. Yeah. Together a little bit better. And at this age, it's just like, he can't even figure it out. Also, what was he doing there with the Kamala Harris? A woman? Well, he's legitimately shocked. He got his ass kicked in the debate by a woman. Like he's never gonna get over that.


It's just one, I kept listening to that clip 'cause I'm like, is this one of those where liberals are like, oh, look how sexist he was just blatantly and openly and misogynist, but like, no, that I, I don't know what else he was trying to do there, but just say a woman, I don't know how long that can last. What is he doing in New York? I've tried to think about this and, and figure this out. Like what was he doing on Long Island? I think he, he needed, after several tough weeks in the most boring town hall that Trump could ever do with Sarah Huckabee Sanders in Michigan on Tuesday. He needed his people. He needed a, just a confidence boost from a bunch of Long Islanders screaming his name in cheer.


Like I really think that's what it was. And he's in a funk. I think he's in a funk and they're trying, and the campaign's trying to pick him up. It's, I do not believe he's there to win the house. I do not think Donald Trump is spending his time Trying to help other people. I know, I saw that somewhere. I'm like, I don't think that makes a lot of sense. I know that he's, he part of it is like his message, You know like liberal blue America is a hell hole and it's crime ridden and immigrant invasion and all that kind of stuff. But like, I don't know. You could do that in a swing state. Yeah, maybe you could. I dunno. It's very weird. You and I have talked before about how Trump's strategy is, is more about disqualifying Harris in the eyes of undecided voters than trying to win over new Trump voters.


Do you think he's even making progress on that? On tearing down Harris, because this poll in Pennsylvania, her favorability keeps going up even where they're running all millions of dollars of ads, superPAC ads, all these ads are out. He says crazy shit all the time. He's taking up news cycles. He's talking about eating the pets in Springfield. He's doing all this shit. But it doesn't seem to be making a dent in her favorability or her poll numbers. I guess it is depriving her of breaking through with her message. But I don't know. What do you think? It seems to be an abject failure on all fronts. Like we've talked from the moment Kamala Harris got in this race, there was now a race to define her who was gonna win Kamala Harris or Trump.


Her favorability rating is up a net 15 points since she got in the race. That's an astonishing increase over a short period of time for someone who was not unknown. She was the vice president the United States at the time. And so it is, it is failing Now, there are still another segment of voters, like a slice of persuadable voters that they're both fighting over. There's no evidence that he has damaged her with them yet, but there's not evidence that she has fully won them over yet. So in terms of defining her, he has lost that battle. But now we are down to the last group of voters in a small handful of states. Most of those people have honestly not really checked into this election yet. So we haven't even really contested them. So that You know that's what we'll sort of see. And the, that's who these ads that are running, like for instance, the Kamala Harris abortion ad, which ran during Survivor, for instance, which we watched last night, obviously, or You know.


The Trump folks have a new ad about, with Kamala Harris talking about omics that is running all over the swing states like tho that they're trying to get to those voters by osmosis. But as a campaign strategy, he has failed to put a debt in her numbers. Yeah. One strategy Trump seems to be flirting with is an old favorite of his trying to shut down the federal government. Mike Johnson's once again having trouble getting all his goofballs in line before the looming deadline of October 1st. And even though Mitch McConnell just said quote, it would be politically beyond stupid for us to do that right before the election, because certainly we get the blame. Donald Trump begs to differ. He wrote on truth social that Republicans should only vote for a spending package that includes the save act, which imposes more requirements on states to make sure that non-citizens aren't registering to vote, which of course doesn't really ever happen and is already illegal.


It also, by the way, doesn't have the votes to pass Congress. Clearly Trump and Vance wanna be able to say that the government shut down because Democrats refuse to require proof of citizenship to vote. What do you think of that strategy? That is a stupid person's idea of a smart plan. Like it seems good on paper, but it would definitely not play out that way. It's an absurd provision that is unnecessary. Makes no sense. They'd be laughed out of town. And we just know from history that the side that initiates the shutdown gets the blame for the shutdown. And that would be the House Republicans who just happen to have 13 seats they're trying to defend. They're either toss up or lean Republican.


And so it seems like a terrible idea across the board and would obviously hurt people because when the government shuts down, people are denied service needed services and money, et cetera. But pure idiocy from them Also. You heard Mitch McConnell and there's a bunch of Senate Republicans that don't all, and every house Republican is up, has a campaign. Yeah. And every, everyone that's in a competitive race, every has Republican, every Senate republican. Like they're not, they're not gonna be too happy with a a go government shutdown just like five weeks before the election that they're held responsible for because they wanted to pass something that no one really is clamoring for That something of something that no one wants or needs.


Yeah. Or need. Yeah. Right, right. so I don't know, I, I don't know. I would guess that I push comes to shove of Mike Johnson does what he always does and has to end up like passing something with the help of Democrats and drops the save act and that's that. Yeah. I mean they just kick the can down the roads after the election. That's what happens. That's what, that's what it feels like. But nice to see Trump getting involved there.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix Love Helix mattresses have a couple in our home, one for the guest bed. Charlie has one. They're just very comfy. They're Very, very, very comfortable. Everybody who stays at my house says, Hey, I love that Helix mattress, that guest bedroom. Fantastic. That's five stars. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning Lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus for big and tall sleepers and the Helix kids for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Everybody's unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix offers models designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences plus enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress ship straight to your door free of charge. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix, better Sleep starts now.


PO America is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online With Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine, A next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagined drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. With Squarespace email campaigns, you can drive sales and engage your audience easily. Collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus, use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. Give us a peek into your goals for the year. Global Domination. Yeah, Global Domination. You got Collecting emails from all of our subscribers and all kinds of personal information. Yeah. Writing stop to literally every single person who texts me for money. Mm. Is there a Squarespace website for that? I I would buy it Anyway. We've used Squarespace here. You know you don't need to be an engineer or no code to start a website. You just need Squarespace. You Don't have to major to math at Williams. Who needs, who needs that? How is that useful? Is that where you went? S Yeah, It is. Yeah, something. One of those. One of Those. The Fs eats One of those sub Ivys. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/cricket to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Pod Save. America is brought to you by Lumen. Metabolic health matters. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into the fuel that keeps you going. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach and it gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, all of it. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. And on the app, it lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. You've Been huffing on this lumen, right? How's it going? Yeah, look, I've been breathing into it first thing in the morning and it doesn't even mind. You feel good. It's like, Ugh, morning breath. Terrible. I needs to breathe into a paper bag. Now I breathe into my lumen and it tells me everything I need to know about You, know whether I'm healthy, how I'm sleeping, what I should be eating that day. It's great. Highly recommend. So if you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen. Do me slash crooked to get 15% off your lumen. That's L-U-M-E-N dot ME slash crooked for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


We get some absolutely bonkers news in North Carolina to talk about Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson. Currently the Republican nominee for governor is a well-known whack job who's flirted with Holocaust denial called L-G-B-T-Q, people Filth and Maggots called Beyonce Satanic and called Michelle Obama, a man. He also frequented the video booths of a porn shop five nights a week back in the early two thousands. And yet somehow Andrew Kozinski at CNN broke a story about him today that was so bad that it led North Carolina Republicans to try to get him off the ballot to get him to drop out last minute. The deadline is Thursday midnight.


We're recording this before, you'll listen to this after, so we'll see what happens. So what's the story? Apparently someone using an online alias that Robinson often used himself with his same birthday and email address was a frequent poster on the message board of a porn site called Nude Africa. From 2008 to 2012. Among the highlights, he told the message board that he loves porn featuring trans people. I'm quoting him here. Quote, I like watching tranny on girl porn. That's fucking hot. It takes the man out while leaving the man in. And yeah, I'm a perv too. It got more graphic and CNN actually declined to print all of the details because they were too graphic.


So what I just said was not the too graphic part. Robinson also talked about being a kid and stumbling into a spot at a local university where he could spy on women showering through a great in the wall. Robinson proudly referred to himself as a quote, black Nazi in another post and quote said, slavery is not bad. Some people need to be slaves. I wish they would bring it back. I would certainly buy a few. And he called Martin Luther King Jr. Worse than a maggot and quote a ho fucking phony. So this is as good a place as any to remind you all that Donald Trump has endorsed Robinson and often praises him. Here's a helpful highlight reel that the Harris campaign put together.


Mark Robinson. He is out there, he's fighting. Okay, very good man. This is Martin Luther King on steroids. I think you're better than Martin Luther King. I think you are Martin Luther King times two. I think he's going to go down as one of the great leaders in our country. I've been with him a lot, I've gotten to know him and he's outstanding. And he is outstanding in presentation. But he's probably even more outstanding and heart somebody that we have to be very, very careful. We have to cherish, we have to cherish Mark to start. You have to cherish him. Yes. Amen. It's like a fine wine because that's what you have. You have a fine wine. He's an outstanding person. I've gotten to him so well and fairly quickly.


He's, he's a fine wine. Martin Luther King times two fine wine. Gotten to know him really well. Before we get to Trump, I wanna put you on the record here. Do you regret your posts on New Delaware? Do not be smurf the state of Delaware like that. Okay. We've done enough to Delaware. Yeah. Back off. Back off my home state place. I'd love to return to one day, Robinson was already down in the polls to Josh Stein, the Democrat running for governor. I'd imagine he'll fall even further behind now unless he, because He caught himself a Nazi on a porn site, Black Nazi, because he said he wants to bring back slavery and he'd buy it from you On a porn site. That's the thing. These aren't things he posted on Facebook. These are things he posted Them You know.


So first of all, I guess by the time again, by the time you all listen to this, we'll know what happened. It doesn't seem like the Republicans who want him out of the race are gonna succeed it pushing him out the race. He and his campaign have said they're not going anywhere. He said, You know you can do strange things with the internet now. Like he just thinks, they're just denying it. They're saying that it was made up. Donald Trump's campaign apparently told NBC news. Well we we're not trying to push him out, which is amazing to say. So it seems like he's staying in, unless something dramatically changes in the next, I don't know, couple hours. I mean you can't force him out. He, you have to. He has to decide to stay in the race. I am not fully convinced, at least some people around Trump are not trying to get him out because North Carolina is polling better than Georgia, which doesn't make a ton of sense.


Demographically. One of the main reasons that's the case is Mark Robinson's on the ballot. So if you get Mark Robinson off the ballot, theoretically North Carolina becomes a little bit easier for Trump. And so I don't know, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see what happens here. And if he stays in the race, it's gonna, he is a zombie candidate. Right. All the money dries up, people stop campaigning for him. He won't be seen with people. It'll be interesting. It'll be very interesting to see what happens when Trump comes to the state. Will he be with Mark Robinson or not? Also Mark Robinson at the Republican Convention was the one in the North Carolina delegation that gave the, gave the, announced the delegates for Trump. Yeah. Like he's just, here's what I'm trying to figure out.


Like you could imagine a bunch of Trump Stein voters, right? They vote for the Democrat for Governor because these were for these Republicans. Mark Robinson's a bridge too far and then they vote for Donald Trump. But like if Robinson stays in the race and you are the Harris campaign, like do you run some ads like the one we just heard, or just like the video we just heard or put some ads together with Donald Trump and Mark Robinson together and, and try to try to make this hearse trump a little bit in the state. Yeah, I think You know, I think you tie Trump to Mark Robinson's extremism and make them all extreme. There's a, we just did this in a forthcoming episode of Political Experts React that I did with Chris Hayes, where we looked at Josh Stein's first ad about Mark Robinson, just using Mark Robinson's words.


So you can put the two of them together and you make it really about MAGA extremism, not just that he, it's not that he called him one Luther the King types two or all of that. It's that they are birds of a feather in terms of the, the extremism. It's less the porn site and the, and the porn booths and all the other porn. It's more the things he said about like threatening death to people and shooting people and all of the The political violence. Yeah. The Nazis And the black Nazis, slavery those Yeah. Go on whatever porn site you want to go on Mark Robinson. But that the thes The bridge the too far for us. Yes. Yeah, right. Okay. Well we're going from North Carolina, one swing state to the other swing state of Nebraska, actually just the second congressional district.


If you're looking for reasons to worry about the race, here's one. You may know that Harris's most likely path to two 70 runs through the second district of Nebraska. It's one of only two states that splits its electoral votes. If Harris wins Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin loses all the other battlegrounds but wins the Nebraska Second District, she gets exactly two 70. But Nebraska Republicans appear to be reviving their efforts to change the state law and make Nebraska winner take all, which would deprive Kamala Harris of that electoral vote. And then if she wins the blue wall, it would be 2 69, 2 69 And Trump wins an electoral college tie because Republicans have more state delegations in the house.


So Lindsey Graham of all people is helping to whip the votes there to make the change unclear whether it's gonna happen. Also unclear whether Maine, the other state that splits its votes could respond to deny Trump the one electoral vote he's likely to get in the main second congressional district, though it does seem like they will not have time to do that in Maine, because apparently when you pass a law in Maine takes 90 days to take effect. 90 days from now, whoop passed the election. Yep. So trouble in Maine and it makes you wonder if the Nebraska Republicans waited this long just to sort of jam Maine and make sure that didn't happen. But what, what do you think, what's the latest on all this and how worried are are you about this?


I'm quite worried about this as You know. I've been worried about this for a long time. Yeah. I've just been under the, my view has just been, this was particularly when she, when it was Biden Trump, that this was potentially game set match for Trump. If he were, they were able to make this change. What the governor has said is he's willing to call a special session, meaning he needs the 33 Republican Senators necessary to pass it to be publicly in support of doing it. They do not have the votes yet. As far As, we can tell some of the people who were in the meeting with Graham and the governor say that they, there was some progress in the meeting, but, so we will see like the, the, they have to do this quickly too. 'cause they still have to print ballots, et cetera in Nebraska. But this is one thing that will keep me up at night until it is fully resolved in, in a good way.


Yeah. So Dave Weigel had reported this at se four, that one of the Republicans that they would need is a former Democrat left the party because he's anti-choice, but wants to run to be mayor of Omaha, which would be pretty hard to do if you piss off everyone who's ever been a Democrat right. By deciding to do this. So again, they, they, they still don't have the votes yet. But yeah, when it comes down to everything, depending on pressuring a few Republicans in Nebraska, it doesn't, it doesn't feel great. Doesn't feel great. So Trump and Harris were both hoping this week for an endorsement from the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. The union's president, Sean O'Brien had appeared at the Republican National Convention and his meeting with Kamala on Monday was described as tense at times.


But on Wednesday the union announced it wouldn't be endorsing either candidate. As part of the announcement, the teamsters released the results of internal straw polls showing that members favored Trump by more than 20 points after the announcement, a handful of local teamsters chapters endorsed Harris, but a million representing a million members altogether, including in some of the key swing states. How big of a deal do you think This is? what do you make of that internal straw hole showing that more Teamsters favor Trump than Harris? Is it a big deal? What do you think? I Don't think it's as big a deal as people think. The back in the day when you would get a labor union endorsement, it would open up a spigot of money and organizing muscle that was truly, truly mattered a lot in the battleground states, that's not really the case anymore.


The Harris campaign has all the money they need. They have a ton of organizing muscle. The unions are not as powerful and flush with money as they used to be. And having the endorsement of You know the Michigan and the Western Pennsylvania and these local teams, unions matter more. It is a little bit of a win for Trump because he can continue to sort of live by this false bullshit story that he is a You know the working class populace that he can win over these working class voters in ways that Democrats can't. But I I think it's probably, there's probably a little more is being made of it necessarily needs to be. Yeah, I don't think we'll hear about this story ever again. Yeah, and to our point earlier about like the voters who haven't decided yet, they barely pay attention to politics. Like I just don't know that this is gonna matter that much either way to them.


It's gonna matter on the ground for like resources and people get up. But like if she has some of these teamsters in these key swing states, that's very helpful in terms of organization and volunteers on the ground. Speaking of labor strongholds, Kamala is in Michigan where she's about to do a live streamed event with Oprah Winfrey. That's unfortunately happening A few hours after we record this, the two are set to appear with a small live audience somewhere outside Detroit that the campaign isn't saying where, and it's being hosted in conjunction with a bunch of those affinity groups that have held massive Zoom calls for Harris already win with black women, white dudes for Harris Cat, ladies for Kamala and others. The New York Times says, governor Gretchen Whitmer will also be there. What's the upside of an event like this?


What, what does it tell us about how the campaign is thinking about using this Oprah endorsement, which we first saw at the convention. I Think it, what's interesting is it says how the value that the Harris campaign puts on organizing and person to person contact. And so there's a way once you do this where it's like a big rally in Detroit or Atlanta or something like that. And then there, and then there's this version which is, it's a smaller event. It's live, but you're finding a way to reach out to people who You know will be talking to their friends and family about this election. You've already given money, sign up to volunteer and you're energizing those people. And You know General Mallie Dillon, who's the campaign chair, our friend David Pluff. These are organizers at heart. And this is a campaign that's thinking, organize our first field first and using Oprah for that is pretty smart.


Yeah. And getting people all excited and giving them sort of marching orders who are gonna go like knock on the doors and stuff, I think is very useful. One of the guests slated to be at the Michigan event is Hadley Duvall, the incredibly brave Kentucky woman who's currently in a powerful Harris campaign ad telling her story about being raped and impregnated by her stepfather in the ad, which is set to music by Billy Eilish. Duval says she was able to have an abortion, but quote, because Donald Trump overturned Roe v. Wade, girls and women all over the country have lost the right to choose even for rape or incest. Donald Trump did this. He took away our freedom. Harris is also heading to Atlanta on Friday to give a speech about two mothers in Georgia, Amber Thurman and Candy Miller, who died after being denied abortion care after the state passed.


Its six week ban. Tommy was talking about this on Tuesday. Pod, it's this ProPublica story you should read. It's, it's just awful heartbreaking. Amber Thurman leaves behind a a 6-year-old boy. It's just really, really sad thoughts on this very powerful messaging push around a reproductive freedom. It was one of the most powerful and frankly, best testing messages from the debate was when she took a Trump on on abortion and went through his record and what he would do. And the, the target here is very clear. It is, it's women and particularly working class women. The folks at Blueprint, the Center left Research organization have a poll out of swing state non-college educated women today, which shows that one, that this is a group that is favorable to Kamala Harris.


And one of the ways in which you can persuade these voters is on abortion. They oppose obs, they oppose these abortion bans. They trust her on abortion by seven points. And more than 40% of them actually believe that if elected, she would not just try but pass a law restoring row. And so this is, this is really what you're trying to find. There are all, in a close election, there are all these groups you have to get. But one targeted group where she can actually do better than Biden is working class white women. And that's exactly who this is targeted to. I don't know if you saw this in the Times poll too, but there's now a plurality of voters who believe that Donald Trump will pass a national abortion ban. Yeah.


So we had talked before about all the work the Harris campaign, first the Biden campaign, then the Harris campaign needed to do in making voters understand that Donald Trump would actually go forward with this because they didn't necessarily believe that, or didn't necessarily hold him responsible for Dobbs. And that has started to change, I think, over the, the last couple months. And now the question is, if you're undecided, if you think Trump's better on the economy, but you see ads like this, you hear testimonials like that, you read stories about like those mothers in Georgia. If you do, if you, if you see all that, do you think, okay, well maybe Trump's a little better in the economy or I think he's better in the economy, but this just seems so extreme, so scary. I don't wanna live in this country.


I don't want my kids to live in this country. I'll vote for Kamala Harris even though I'm not sure. That seems to be the bet. And you could, you could see that moving voters. Absolutely. Okay. When we come back from the break, Tommy and Dan and I are gonna talk to Lovett about his short, but absolutely perfect run on Survivor. I'm so excited. Before we do that though, a reminder that Pod Save America is back on tour in October with stops in Ann Arbor and Philly. We'll be at Ann Arbor's Michigan Theater on October 5th with strict scrutinies Leah Lipman as our co-host. And our guest is gonna be the Senate candidate Alyssa Slotkin. On October 6th, we'll be at the Met Philadelphia with co-host Simone Sanders Townsend. And we will have Bob Casey.


Senator Bob Casey is our guest. Get your tickets at crooked.com/events now. And dear God, Pennsylvanians and Michiganders talk to your undecided relatives. Also, if you are following the insane story of the exploding pagers in walkie talkies that Israel allegedly sent to Lebanon and what it means for the prospect of a wider conflict between Israel and Hezbollah. You've gotta check out this week's Pod. Save the world. Dan. We, I've listened to it. Whatcha talking about? I'm just bringing back this. Have You, have you listened to it? I have listened to it, yeah. Okay. I did listen to it immediately. As soon as I heard. We'll Lovett we'll we'll grill Lovett on the pager story when he gets here. Yeah, I'm sure he was listening to it at his fucking hotel in Fiji when he was on vacation. Anyway, anyway, Tommy and Ben talk about what happens, what it means, and what we know about Kamala Harris' leadership style on national security and foreign policy.


Listen to the latest episode of Pod Save the World available now on Amazon music or wherever you get your podcasts when we come back. Lovett,


There's nothing quite like the Honda Civic hybrid, accord hybrid and CRV hybrid when it comes to exhilarating efficiency. With hybrid technology and thrilling capability, these vehicles deliver an electrifying performance on every drive. But what truly makes these hybrids special is the unwavering determination that inspires everything we do. Redefine your driving experience with Honda KBB dot com's. Best value brand of 2024 Based on 2024 Consumer Choice Awards from Kelly Buba. Visit kbb.com for more information.


Freshman year of college is a lot. A hundred people classes. I have so many questions, but one thing's a no brainer. Getting a Brita picture With the elite filter for your dorm room, you save over $240 a year by switching from plastic bottles to Brita. And it filters out 99% of lead and other contaminants from your tap water. Your emotional support water bottle. Well thank you. 99% of lead certified by WQA substances reduced may not be in all users water. $240 savings a year versus standard 16.9 fluid ounce water bottles savings assumes pre-purchase of Brita system.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust made in it's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson and I use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


All right, we're back and we're doing a a segment here. This is gonna be our first and last Survivor recap. We got Jon Lovett here. Former contestant also, just so people know who haven't weren't paying attention. Spoiler. Spoiler. This is a Spoiler. If you wanna There's a huge Survivor Spoiler. Jon Lovett contested on Survivor. Season 47. That's right. Last night was the premiere. That's right. Two hour premiere. First person voted off the island. That's me. That's Jon Lovett. We should have Brought in a vote of candle in Here's The thing, here's the thing. If first of all this wouldn't have happened if Jeff probes had just shown a little bit of courage.


That's my, that's my, that was my joke at the beginning of the episode. Yeah. Well, fuck not the most embarrassing thing to happen to me in, in the media this week. You want just reactions? Let's, I'm gonna start with the compliment. 'cause there's gonna be a lot of jokes. You did such a good job not revealing at all. You have a great poker face. Oh. 'cause everyone was like, you guys genuinely shot me. People were like, you must have known. Right. I thought you Won. 'cause you were so cocky About it. Me too. I thought the same thing. Yes. I thought You, I think my, my guess was that not that you won 'cause then I think you would've been intolerable. Right. Not that you won, but also like you seemed so happy that I'm like I bet he just did. He like, he feels so good about how he did.


Yeah. Which now makes sense because you you did, you did great. Sure. I Think you were not embarrassed. I was not. So that was the thing that was hard. I like, if I had come back and I had felt like what had happened was I blew my chance at Survivor that like I was there and I was in it and I screwed it up. I think I would've been a little bit more reserved about the whole experience. But, but I Mean your taste and friends wasn't great. Sure. But, but, but all of that, like, We got some questions about that. Yeah. No, and I, we should, we can get into it, but like, it's also like, this is a, this is a two hour representation of 72 hours of, of what happens. And so like there's a lot that that like of other Conversations Well, we didn't see. Right. There is a lot you didn't see. Yeah. You don't even know the real story. Yeah.


But No, no. It's a fair edit. It's a fair edit. It's, I feel very comfortable with the edit, but I don't feel like I like, like having now had the experience of watching an episode of reality TV in which you are on, having no idea how they edit you. Holy shit. That's nerve wracking. Hmm. I'm a little bit relieved. I don't have to, I would've, I wish I had gone further, but I feel like if you're gonna go out first, this is a pretty reasonable way to do it. I just have two more things to say and then we, I wanna play a, a clip here. Number one, Emily and I watched this last night live and I just wanna say it was like an out of body experience watching it. And then by the end, because of the edible I was in, because of the edible, which I'm glad I took for me el least.


And I was in tears laughing so hard that I, I, I feel like I missed so many good parts. I, I'm gonna go, I'm tonight. I was crying. I'm gonna go home tonight and I'm gonna rewatch. Especially like the end. 'cause two hours is, first of all, a lot. The funny part was watching you Interact with a bunch of Gen Z bozos was my absolute favorite part. At what point did the Gen Zers frighten you? The Yeah. No, it was there. It's also like ev it's such a Yeah, like the, the, the realization that like, oh, I'm the oldest person in this group of people. Like, Which you discussed on the show. Yeah. That was, yeah. We a clip of that. Okay. Yeah. Let's, let's play, let's play a, before we go any further, let's play a super cut of love.


It's Best Moments. Okay. I'm not that old. Oh my God. I just was Wondering because You know. I know. I love Vine. I remember Vine. It was dirty when Vine was popping. That's right. I Was still a young person Looking at my tribe. I'm realizing I'm not getting to know a group of people. I'm getting to know a group of young people. I am 41 years old. Like, okay. So I'm old now. No, I Really realize Vine, I, there's So much back in my day stuff coming outta my mouth. I In Los Angeles, WeHo? No, I started in WeHo where all the gay go. I was a speech writer for a while. Whoa. And then I started a podcast called Pod. Save. America. I've heard the name. Well, and then have you listened to it?


I haven't looked. I feel like your podcast is huge. Right? Alright. Whatcha Supposed to say? Do you not feel like your podcast is Huge? We do. We do. All right. The I fucking podcast is a grower, not a show. We were like, Pod, Save, America. Has anyone listened? And everybody's like, eh, no, no. May then one person said, maybe, maybe Like, I love TikTok Though. I think they did listen to it. I think they did. I think they Did. Keep in mind there was another podcast host, this is the best part, had a podcast that was about Survivor. But there's a scene in the, in the, in the after Lovett gets, I don't know, maybe, maybe there, someone goes up to this podcast and is like, I'm a huge Fan of, she's a celebrity.


She's a Celebrity. She was a great Lovett. Not the most famous podcast Host for agent. Good for Asia. Survivor good for Asia. I'm glad, I'm glad, I'm glad Asia got her flowers. Just a basic question. Why do you think you lost to the guy who had a physical and emotional meltdown? That's such an important question. Tommy. Thank you. This guy's name is Andy. Andy. So also described Lovett as his best friend. Yeah. Out, out magazine called Your Bond with him Sweet and chaotic. That's a real thing. That's a real thing I saw on the internet today. You know with friends like these. So, So Once Andy had his breakdown, I think basically like, it wasn't really about like who was friends or who wasn't friends. Like Andy had basically kind of imploded in front of 18 people, all of whom now didn't need to worry about him as a threat.


Right. And I had been kind of funny and charming in front of everybody. And so I was, that Was in the other, those were in the other scenes. Yeah. In the other scenes You got a lot of laughs. Wow. We got a lot of laughs outta that. Wow. And so It Was famously Andy bitching about how everyone clapped at you opening a coconut. I opened a coconut and so open one fucking coconut. This It's, Hey, I missed, that's two, That's two coconuts. You open this year Over, Hey, hey Listen, you go to Fiji and miss three dinners. And then, but, but I do think that basically Andy was no longer seen as a threat. Got it, got it. I was still seen as a threat and basically like be because of the natural way.


It just broke down. Like there were no real alliances that early kind of very like, kind of softly there were, but like Andy and I had walked off one time, so suddenly we were together. Sam and Sierra had walked off. Now they're together. Rachel and Annika were in the middle. And so once Andy breaks down, it just like put me in a really difficult position. If that hadn't happened. There was a bunch of different ways it could go. One thing you don't see in the episode, because it just has to be condensed, is I also had had talked a lot with Annika. Like she and I really did wanna work together. And then that was sort of why Andy pitched to me that we turned the vote onto her. It was complicated, but like, there were a lot of different conversations. There's like a swirl.


Like there's hours of swirling conversation that happens before you go to the vote that they condense into one storyline. I, I don't think it's an unfaithful storyline that they showed, but it is like more complicated than that. Dan, you're a reality TV savant. What was your reaction watching? I would say this is the first two hours of forever I've ever watched in my life. Same. It's really an hour and four, five minutes because I started 15 minutes late, I turned my TV onto a mud covered Lovett trying to do a puzzle, which is when I started laughing. I didn't stop. I would say a couple things. One, this is something you care about. Like you obviously care about Survivor a lot and you did put yourself out there. so I think you get credit for that. And I think that's good. I think it's, this is how You, it's impressive.


This is how you talk about Joe Biden's speeches. He la he lasted longer than you did for the record. That's right. No one's talking about the secret service guy's Commander didn't bite. you know what I mean? Two, you definitely got fucked by Andy. Like, right. Yeah. I stuck. You would've not been, you would've made a pass first episode And I saw someone say in the Discord, which was a amusing conversation to follow along, that you were either gonna win or go out on the first episode. I think that is the perfect summary of how this was probably gonna go. Yeah. And that, by the way, that is what I told Jeff when I talked to him for the first time about coming on the show. I said, I will either go to the end of this game or I will go home first.


So hosted my own Yeah. Guitar here. Here's my question for you. 'cause and I don't know anything about forever. Why were you not on the puzzle team? What? Yeah, what the hell? Yeah. So there is a, You're just breast stroking out to the, I wanna ask why you were doing the breast stroke in the swimming shower. I should have practic famously. I should have, I Should have practiced swimming more, but everybody caught me doing the breaststroke. I didn't even realize I was doing the breaststroke. Oh yeah, big time. Emily noticed it immediately. She's, that was her first question. I should have maybe jumped in on the second puzzle, but basically the, they didn't, they didn't show it. But like in the first puzzle I like was call I was helping from the side.


And we had talked about it because you have a moment to strategize before, and we had talked about it and it was like, oh, the puzzle pieces are big. Sam is stronger. Sam should can lift the pieces. Lovett will John, you'll help call from the side. And they just don't include everything that happens The older, more mature brain behind the Operation. Yeah. Yeah. Which is, I'm a delegator that I feel like as a math major, you would've helped them do the puzzle much better. 'cause they tribe did the puzzle terribly and therefore terribly you would've shown value thanks to your tribe. No, for sure. Let's aside, in addition to the coconut, of course head sports reporter guy And the charm. Don't Forget the charm, quarterback, the charm. But no, I think the actual fuck up on the puzzle, it was wasn't actually our failing to do the puzzle.


The completed puzzle was sitting next to us because the red tribe had completed their puzzle. Why are we, why are we not use? We didn't, we were so, yeah, why not focused on what was happening in front of us? We didn't stop. We were so it's the first challenge. Everybody is super amped. That's why the boat's all turned over. You're just not fully thinking. You're nervous, you're already tired. It's hot. You're never been in this sort of environment before. And I think if we'd all taken a beat, we would've looked over and been like, wait a second. Why are we not using this fully completed puzzle to figure out this puzzle? I Was amazed at how physically taxing this looked like. Picking up those giant boxes, swimming to a dock, the brushstroke, and then loading those heavy boxes onto a boat that kept capsized.


Meanwhile you got like a coked up berry's instructor, Jeff Pros barking order through screaming like, this is Survivor. It's like, does is always happening. This is the worst start we've ever had. By the way, what you saw when we were in the water for so long, Lavo, the red tribe had completed their puzzle for so long before we had even gotten up there. There was a moment where there were two tribes, all of our boxes floating, all of our boats upside down. And I really was like, what happens? Like we made nothing, nothing. Nothing has hap no one could figure out what to do. And then, because everything is all waterlogged, we get the boat up onto the beach, we get the boat up into the tracks, we get the, the the chest back into the boat.


We all go to hea the boat down this path. And it barely even showed. And it just doesn't move. Like we all push as hard As we can. And it doesn't move like a foot or an inch. It just doesn't move at all. And there was this moment like, we're just not gonna be able to complete this thing. And then eventually we fight and we fight and we get it to the end. God looked hard. It was hard. It was hard. It was cool. Are you at all annoyed at CBS that they put you in all the early promo materials and Jeff props called you quote, one of the greatest storytellers that we will ever have knowing full well the outcome? No, I enjoy being part of a bait and switch, but also like, I, like, I think that they were pretty disappointed that I went home this, or like, I think he really was He liked you.


Yeah, he liked me. I think he was really Fun. That's that's a social connection you made for sure. Yeah. There's one, the, the one guy without A vote. Powerful. Yeah. One guy without a vote because he doesn't step in there and get, get a FA slate of delegates. Get a fucking better slate. I don't trust these pe Did you see the counting of the ballots? Something happened. There was a duffle under the table. But the, but I do think they were genuinely disappointed that I didn't go further. Further. And I do take that as a, a compliment. Speaking of the counting the ballots, did it upset you that everyone spelled your name wrong or the tribal council? Not Even one. Look, it upset me as A-J-O-J-O. Here's the thing, you thing one, The frowny face. It's not exactly a sign of confidence. If you go around to people and explain how to spell your name before tribal council. And by the way, if you're gonna write, don't write my fucking name down.


You don't go around saying there's no H in John. What kind of signal does that send? What can you tell us about where you went after the vote? So you go to Ponderosa. This is publicly known stick. It's, it's basically like they take over a hotel and you stay there. There is the pre jury time and there's the jury time. We, I was obviously not pre not jury and you basically are isolated. You don't have your phone, you don't have anything and you just sort of basically like kind of have, Be on vacation, Be on vacation while you guys are making the pods day in and day out working to the bone. Yeah. And mind you're in the minds.


So it's like three production days For six weeks of work. Six weeks Check Out. Just wanted to make, that was one thing that crossed my mind. Well, no, and and, and I understand why you might be crossing about it by the, and obviously no one was more disappointed than me, but it's not like I could come back and do the podcast because then everyone would find out that I got out. Right. Right. So there was nothing to be done. No, There wasn't a ton going on here though. Okay. Wait, can I offer you some spin? Sure. Now it would be helpful. I've just completed a day of press about it, but yeah, no, what do you got? But you Go on a show like Survivor because it's a great story and getting booted out first is a much better story than getting booted out second or or third to last.


Totally Agree. Okay. Third to last Is pretty cool. I would then have a, a lot of stories. I would actually, second is the worst second boot sucks because you don't have the, you're Not the first boot person and you're the se like, yes. I would say I am glad I Well now here's the thing that's interesting is that like, so you go to Ponderosa and then every day or two a person comes and joins you. Oh, that's cool. And it's Oh, that's nice. It's, it's really interesting. Right? So the first year you're kind of in, you're a little bit shocked. You're there by yourself and then Hey Andy, Then you Well good to see you Then you well, I'm not gonna say who comes next. I Know. I know, I know, I know. And then who Then, then you're sitting there and then you're now kind of gotten over it based, not over it, but you're like kind of like past the first bit of like, oh, I just got voted out.


And then this shell-shocked person comes down the stairs. You don't know who it is till they arrive And you're like, this is not my job to expend emotional labor helping you. No, but what's interesting about it is like You know everybody who gets voted outta Survivor, myself included. Like you start telling a story that like is the best version that you can tell that's believable, that makes you feel better about what happened. You're a part of that right now. But, But, but in those first few moments when somebody comes off, they're like raw and they just start talking about what they did wrong, what other people done, what they feel bad about, what they regret. And so you get like, And you're like, one more poo platter, please.


Yeah. Listen Jeff Poo Poo platter. I the other, the the funny thing too is with each passing day, with each passing day, the people that come are skinnier and skinnier. Oh yeah. Yeah. And hungrier. And hungrier. But you can't really, you can't really eat that much 'cause you haven't eaten in days. And so basically you watch somebody just sit in front of a full cheese pizza and just sort of take a bite of it. You gonna eat that as you're crying? Yeah, Yeah. No, no, no. Yeah, they Really fucked you. I've Been here a week. I've been here a week now. Just What did, what did you do all day when you were there? You had no internet. so I like did you read books? I read books was in prison, read. I read a bunch of books basically. I, I would, yes, I would work out.


There was a PlayStation five and even though they wouldn't let me log into my PlayStation five account because it would connect me to a messaging app. Good point. Emily was able to use. Yes, I was able to, I was, I they had a couple games and so I played video games for part of the day. I read by the pool for part of the day. Ate just like ate all the time. It's like being on a cruise, you're just like, there's just a constant supply of food. Haven't Had a vacation day in a year. And then, oh, okay, alright. You just used It to tweet about Joe Biden. Can we get, Can we get, can we get John, I had that, that was your choice, John. I had some, I had some coconut stove in there too. This guy, this guy over here. But so yeah, so you're just kind of hanging out all day and then as people come, people just really wanna talk about what happened and then It gets more Fun.


But what's in, but anyway, you like really get a perspective on the game that you don't normally get from people. How they talk about it once they're in interviews, they're, they're really kind of honest about what went wrong for them. And that was a really cool, it didn't, it made me wanna point again. Well, I was gonna ask, so you, you said in the exclusive teaser we listened to on Monday for Tuesday, show that Survivor is an election, an experiment in democracy. Is your experiment in democracy over Listen, Nice job, Oprah. Yeah. I'm a recap Pod. I am not look up sentence. I'm not ready to give up on democracy just yet. All right. Just like Trump. Yeah. You know you win some, you lose some, you don't walk away from democracy Tommy just because you lost an election.


You don't, You storm that. Yeah. You go, you grab a torch, you grab a torch and you, you you start threatening Meet me at the Ponderosa will be wild. Yeah. God, that all we got. How in what way was this not worth it? This was Awesome. This is so fun. My text to Lovett last night was, that was an incredibly enjoyable experience that I shall never forget and I am so grateful to you. Yeah, yeah. For giving it to us. And, and I genuinely mean every word of that and I Really wish I had gone further, but the fact that I now like the nervousness before seeing what they decided to use or not use, I am so relieved.


If I wasn't gonna go far, I'm glad I'm home Now. Also, if you did go far, there's so much more footage and so many more things to worry about saying like, I fell out of a boat. You fell out a that could Have been in there. Oh, You gave us all the gift. Everyone fell out of the boat, you gave us the gift. It was very enjoyable and it was fun. I'm gonna Watch it just to root against Andy for the rest of time. Yeah, that guy sucks. The critique of the show itself, I will say I've only watched the first season, so I've missed out on Survivor. You kind of, you can't just jump into a season because there's a lot of like, I had no idea. Some things that are happening that you war, you have no idea fucking digging up boxes With locks. What the fuck you have? Oh, by the way, by the way, that's where, so that was another thing, like when I got back after the immunity challenge, I really did think like, well my options now are to hustle and try to get the votes off of me and onto somebody else.


The challenge there though is be, there's something called shots in the dark. Do you guys know what shots in the dark? Are I Googled it today? No. So a shot in the dark, basically everybody starts out with basically a one in six. Do you have, it's like a die, it's like a a and, and you put it into a box and you basically have a one in six chance. It's a dice, it's a, it's a, it's a roll of the dice and you have a one in six chance of getting to stay if you play your shot in the dark, but you lose your vote. The reason it exists is basically so that if you're sure you're going home, oh you can play it. But that means people have to persuade you that they're not voting for you. Even if they are. It's a way to get out of situations that would happen in the past where everybody knew it was Rick and Rick knew it was Rick and there was nothing anybody could do.


It sort of made it boring. So to make it more interesting that everyone's kind of has to lie. But what that means is everyone's telling me it's Andy, I can tell that they're not telling me the truth, but how do you persuade somebody to vote for someone? They're already telling you they're voting for it. Like it's one thing if somebody comes up to you and says they're voting for Trump, but it's another for them to lie to you and say they're voting for Kamala, you can't persuade them 'cause they're telling you, I already agree with you. So there was, so it just made it really hard. And so I thought about like, should I go chase down a aware advantage? But as you all saw, it's so many steps and I didn't know if I'd be able to complete the steps in time. Yeah. That one guy was running all over the place. He was climbing up A tree, dropping Boxes down a cliff like what the fuck was going on? He was not subtle. I was so lost.


I was in my phone when you were not on the tv. I was just like, I cannot follow this right now. You texting with every person You know about Every, every group chat I've ever started was exploding. Good, good. And also the East coast people fucking I called sort of ruined to spoil it for me. Oh, you did? Yeah, I, Tim Miller texted us. I know all exclamation points and I'm like, oh no. And then my high school friends on their text chain, I was like, oh shit, I watched the, I watched the East Coast feed so that I could at least know what I was in for. Amazing. Well congrats. Yeah, sure. Here's What this, this is, this is content for years Con and I, decades You know mostly I've been, actually I've been, I have appreciated the RA ratio of people angry on my behalf and mocking me.


I think it's a good ratio with a very small subset of people trying to find a way in which I played poorly. But you guys can eat dicks. I, but I appreciate the jokes and I appreciate everybody. That was nice. Wanna see A really nice tweet about you? Yeah. Yeah. I still can't believe Survivor has almost exclusively been using Jon Lovett clips on season only for him to get Drew Barrymore. Hey, you were com you were Compared to a I that, I like that. A list actor. That's cool. Well, and that was a bait and switch of that movie. That's Right. Well that's our show for today and we will be back in your feeds on Tuesday with a new episode and a new co-host Andy, He John, his joke face for that whole Outrow. I was like, what's the joke gonna be out?


Bye everyone. Bye. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love mating cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson and I use maiden cookware. Shop Chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


Freshman year of college is a lot hundred people classes. I have so many questions, but one thing's a no brainer. Getting a Brita picture. With the elite filter for your dorm room, you save over $240 a year by switching from plastic bottles to Brita and it filters out 99% of lead and other contaminants from your tap water, your emotional support water bottle. Well thank you. 99% of lead certified by WQA substances reduced may not be in all users water. $240 savings a year versus standard 16.9 Fluid ounce water bottles savings assumes pre-purchase of Brita system.