
Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans, Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion Terms and Conditions apply.


This week we're going all out for the Democratic National Convention. Here at Crooked Media, we're giving friends of the Pod subscribers access to a ton of behind the scenes content and community events, including A DNC subscriber Live chat. A new subscriber exclusive segment featuring me, John, Tommy, and Dan. Four Count 'em four back to back ad-free episodes of Pod Save America recapping the biggest convention news of the night and brand new episodes of Inside 2024 and Polar Coaster. It's gonna be a hell of a week for content. And as a bonus, we'll have a Democratic Party nominee by the end. Pretty good deal. Get all of our exclusive DNC content and more when you subscribe to Friends of the Pod. Head to crook.com/friends to sign up now.


Welcome To Pod. Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor. All right, it's our final night here at the convention. Kamala Harris just gave her speech. We're gonna talk all about it. We're also gonna talk about what comes next. We also had a drop in by our friend and our governor, Gavin Newsom, fellow podcaster, who's known Kamala forever. So we're gonna hear that afterwards. But you know what? Let's just get right into it guys. This was obviously the biggest speech of Kamala Harris' life and she killed it. Let's listen. And so on behalf of the people, on behalf of Every American, regardless of party, race, gender, or the language your grandmother speaks on behalf of my mother and everyone who has ever set out on their own unlikely journey on behalf of Americans, like the people I grew up with, people who work hard, chase their dreams and look out for one another on behalf of everyone who story could only be written in the greatest nation on earth.


I accept your nomination to be president Of the United States of America. We got balloons. Nice. Oh my God. What a, what a fun thing. What a what? Production quality. Look at us. Self-employed. We're podcasters. I don't think so. Please. Yeah. We're the nominees. I just want you guys to know we've all been blowing up balloons for an hour. Yeah. You know when it paid off. Yeah, it paid off. That was a Beautiful, how Many balloons did you blow up? How many I, I blew up like three or Four. Oh, I didn't love a single one. Yeah. Daniel Dale over here. Fact checking you. What's going on with that? Alright. What'd you guys think of the speech?


So we were trying Do my hands. That means he liked it. First of all, I just less than two months ago was bef Joe Biden debated Donald Trump 30 days ago. Joe Biden steps aside, there was a lot of internal agita and angst about, really about what would come. I noticed that if Joe Biden stepped aside, and it is first of all, incredible what the campaign has done, but also the way in which like everyone put their hopes in Kamala Harris and Kamala Harris has not just performed as well as her most beloved fans have hoped she would, but I think she's fair to say she's exceeded everyone's expectations that even The khas like, whoa, Like The amount of pressure on her shoulders, the amount you do this, the amount she was expected to do in such a short time.


Yeah. The stage, the pressure, the attention, the spotlight that fell on her. And to see someone do as deliver as well a speech as I think I've ever seen a Canada do in a, at a nominate at a convention. It was incredible. Yeah. Look, we're all staffers at heart. Campaign staff, staff BMC staff. Oh my gosh. You got like, how did they do this? How did you take a convention That was Joe Biden's convention 40 days ago would turn to copiers convention. It's incredible. Yeah, incredible. You asked about the speech though, Dan, you have something smart to say. I mean she absolutely crushed it. Right? She was under the most immense pressure possible. She is a largely unknown figure to the public. She has this one moment where she's gonna have tens of millions of people watching her.


And she delivered a great speech. She delivered a concise speech. She delivered it with strength and power and charisma and with her laugh and her smile. And it was just, she knocked it outta the park. Both in terms of the speech itself, how it was written, the delivery of the speech, and also the political strategy behind the speech. Right. She knew, like if you had asked me in the beginning like, what are the five things she has to do? She did those five things right. And did 'em effectively. I I could not have been more impressed and I cannot leave this speech being more fired up about her campaign and her as ne our next precedent. Yeah. I mean, I will say a lot of exuberance right now. It's not like we're saying she's definitely gonna win. This is a fight. This is a very close race.


We, but from where we were to where we are now, and the chance that she has given the Democratic party to win this election. Yeah. It's extraordinary. Like I have never seen anyone in political life step up in a way that she stepped up in this timeframe under this pressure. And it's just, it's extraordinary to see. And I also think there's a moment. We've all seen candidates, we've all worked for candidates, and they're running for president. And you wonder like when do they go from being a candidate that You know and a senator, a governor, a house rep, whoever they may be to someone you can see being president. Yeah. She looked maybe and, and sounded more presidential in this convention speech, in this nomination speech than almost any other candidate I've ever seen except the nomination.


And for all the, like, will the country elect a woman president? Will the country elect the first black woman president? Like it's just, it it, she, she sort of like pushed all of that aside in this speech and just like gave her presentation, her delivery, her confidence was just, it was a, it was a sight to behold. Yeah. But both Kamala Harris and Tim Walls were so confident and comfortable in their delivery of the speech. Both speeches were beautifully written. Shout out to them for the amount of time they put into these remarks. And also their speech writers and all the people who worked on these speeches. But the way they both just kind of got into the speeches, got more comfortable as they went along, had the crowd wrapped.


There were periods where she got enormous applause and the signs were waving and people were chanting. But there were periods that people just like listening with wrapped attention. It was amazing. I mean Demo. Democrats tend to do like one of three things, right? They do either do Kennedy karaoke, Clinton Karaoke, or Obama Karaoke. Yeah. And both walls and Kamala Harris deliver these speeches like with strength and parallel of that, but with an authenticity. Right. That was just like very them the whole way. Which is such a hard thing to do when you, especially for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls who are not fully formed candidates. Right. They just got into the, Tim almost has been this for like 10 days and she's been in it for 30 days. Yeah. There's something both with walls and with with Harris. That moment we played had it, there's a vulnerability in her voice which talks about this is the greatest country on earth.


There is something really beautiful about the fact that these aren't two people who set out years ago to get to this point today. Yeah. That they were called upon. Both of them were called upon. They were elevated by, by Kamala choosing Tim Waltz and by the party having this big debate and deciding they wanted to make this change. And the fact that they were drafted in a way and are rising to the moment. And it's not driven by their personal ambitions, but actually just a love of country like really carries through. And the fact that they're willing to say like, it was unlikely that I would be here. That I'm, I wasn't expecting to be here. That like, it makes them on our team as opposed to us being on their team in a way that I really like.


Yeah. So let's get into the, as she said at the beginning when everyone was just applauding and applauding and applying, she's like, all right, we got some, we got some stuff to do. We got some business to do. Get into it. She had two big jobs. She had to make the case for herself and intro reintroduce herself to the American people. And she also had to make the case against Donald Trump. Let's start with the case she made for herself. And she taught Maya and me a lesson that Michelle mentioned the other night. She taught us to never complain about injustice, but do something about it. Do something about it. That was my mother.


And she taught us and she always, she also taught us and she also taught us and never do anything half-assed. It is now our turn to do what generations before us have done, guided by optimism and faith to fight for this country. We love to fight for the ideals we cherish and to uphold the awesome responsibility that comes with the greatest privilege on earth.


The privilege and pride of being an American. So let's get out there. Let's fight for it. Let's get out there. Let's vote for it and together let us write the next great chapter in the most extraordinary story ever. Hold. Thank you. God bless you and God bless United States of America. Thank you all.


So she spent a lot of time at the beginning of the speech telling her story, talking about her upbringing, her parents. I thought that the speech was infused with values, again, in the best sense of the word, not the consultant sense of the word. Like talking about what actually drives her, what her family was like. And I thought that the way that she sort of transitioned into the policy section in terms of like domestic policy, talking about the economy, she sort of transitioned by talking about like You know how her parents raised her, how her mom raised her. What did you guys think about how she talked about herself, her story at the beginning of the speech. Tommy. I just Think it's such a better way to do it. I mean You can't just say, this is my platform, right?


These are my plans. You have to say, this is who I am. This is who raised me. This is where I came from and this is how that origin story informed my values and what I care about and therefore who I will fight for. And then you can talk through what your policy plank was. And, and what I loved about that clip there is we know that Donald Trump is going to try to say she's not American. That she's other, there's people doing the birther shit to her. And for her to say the greatest privilege on this earth is to be an American was just such a, it's just nice to see Democrats taking back patriotism in that way. Yeah. I could not agree more. I think this is one of the most patriotic speeches ever delivered by a nominee.


And it is. I mean they're, all of the Obama parallels are overly facile. Right. Because of her race, because of her name. But one thing that is very similar in their approach to politics is telling, making their story a part of the American story. Yep. And 'cause she is the daughter of two immigrants, which is the, And Oprah pointed this out last night. Yes. And that is the, that is the ultimate part American story right there. And the way her, that her values are American residents, often it is often true that immigrants and the children of immigrants are some of the most patriotic Americans. 'cause they truly understand the power of this country, of the American dream. And the way she did that. 'cause she knows if you turn on TV right now in Arizona or Michigan or Pennsylvania, any the other states, the entire goal of the Republican party is to define her outside of the American mainstream.


And the way in which she, she told her story in the context of the American story today is the exact way in which you combat that. Yeah. I was thinking about it when she was talking about that, how after her parents separated that she moved around a lot. And I was You know Tim Walls, One of the places happened to be Wisconsin. Yeah. Who knew Smart, smart place for, for her to have had some time moved To swing states kids foresight. Good foresight. Yeah. Good move. But, but like Tim Waltz, like he, he isn't that polished. He just isn't. And Kamala Harris, to her great credit, like she has polished, she just is like, she comes off as incredibly smart, incredibly sharp, sophisticated, serious.


And I, I think that like you don't get from her like, hey, like I had hard times in my childhood. Like we moved around a lot. Like I had to make new friends. I had to go to new Places. Talk about how her, her mom always had them on a budget. Yeah. And, and I just think like that isn't what natural, you don't, you naturally get that from her in part because of I think how ferociously intelligent she is and how, how serious she is. And I think it's just a kind of really humanizing part of, of, of the speech. The voters who are undecided, who have heard good things about Kamala Harris are maybe like not sure they're wondering, you see this in focus groups, see this in polling.


Like, alright, well what's her plan? What's she gonna do for me to do to, to get that message across as more than just like giving out like a white paper and policy. It's like talking about your values and why you fight for these things. And I thought that You know she, she's done this since she ran in in in 20. In 2020. She talks about, like, I've only had one client my entire life. The people she talked about Kamala Harris for the people. I think she was really effective tonight where she talked about how she's always fought for people. And then she talked about her record. And her record was very, the way that she talked about her record as attorney general District attorney was very, it was almost very Liz Warren. Yeah. Elizabeth Warren. It was like talking about taking on the banks, talking about taking on people who scammed veterans who scammed for-profit colleges who scammed students.


And so I thought that was really effective. And then it was interesting that she also, there was a nod at the beginning. She said, I know there's a lot of people of different political persuasions listening to this and I'll be a president who is realistic, practical common sense. Which I thought was very effective way of pushing back against the, like she's a radical commie. There's no way if you watch the speech, you think that she was a radical commie. Right. And I think she did that with, and especially in the econ section too. And You know along with saying that her mom kept, kept them on a budget. They were middle class. She taught us that opportunity is not available to everyone and that you've gotta fight for it. And then she gets into Trump wanting to give a big tax cut to the rich and, and, and raising taxes on people through tariffs with the Trump tax.


And she wants to cut taxes for people, which got a huge applause line. It was like a really great effective way to do the econ section. I thought, I think I would, I would make an educated guess that a, the one of the central strategic priorities of this speech in this campaign is to beat Trump on the measure of who fights for people like you. Yes. And in recent polling, that measure is close to tie or behind by a couple points. And she has to win that by a few points. Yep. Or maybe more to win. And that was throughout the speech, all of that policy. It was not a laundry list. It was not trying to get some Brookings Institution stamp of approval at the end. It was to use the policy to show people that she will fight for them. Yeah. There's also, Which had takes discipline. Right? Yeah. There there's also, like the campaign has talked about like building wealth, building generational wealth.


And she talked about entrepreneurs, she talked about founders. I, the one part that did feel like the most sort of, I don't know, message testy or like the least, I dunno, was when she referred to the opportunity economy, which like I think is probably the policies underneath it. The goal of it all makes sense. But was the one part where I thought, oh well that feels like a sentence from taken directly from Pole. You Literally just didn't need that phrase. Yeah.


Pod Save America is brought to you by lumen. Metabolic health matters. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into the fuel that keeps you going. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach and it gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight measurement, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fat or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. And on the app, it lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. Just got my lumen setting it up. Can't wait to start using it. Can't wait to using it because I wanna wake up, breathe into it and find out, well you know what, what do what's, what's up with you? Did I, do I need more sleep? How am I eating? Am I, am I burning fat or carbs or n neither? What's going On? You need more sleep. You're eating well. That's your, that's gonna be what Your saying. Okay. You're my lumen then. Yeah. I can tell you know what, I already got one in the mail. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/crooked to get 15% off your lumen. That's L-U-M-E-N Do me slash crooked for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Pod Save America is brought to you by PolicyGenius. Look, we just got through the Democratic National Convention and you know what things are looking bright people. We are doing a hell of a lot better now than we were a month ago, two months ago, three months ago. And it's very exciting. But you know what it doesn't mean. You can stop planning for the future with life insurance. You know your family will be protected. PolicyGenius helps you find the right life insurance policy at the best price. So you have one less thing to prepare for. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. In just a few clicks. You can compare quotes from America's top insurers and find your lowest price. If you need guidance, there's a license support team ready to answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. Since they don't have an incentive to recommend one insurer over another, their advice is unbiased. Join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who have left five star reviews. Be ready for the future with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com/crooked or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/crooked.


Positive America is brought to you by Americans United for separation of church and state clean water, fresh air. Our health, electricity we tend to take for granted the things that matter most like the separation of church and state. For more than 75 years, Americans United has been on the front. Lies defending your freedom to live and believe as you choose so long as you don't harm others. But that right is not a given. Every day it seems like Christian nationalists are hatching new plots to force us all to live by their narrow beliefs. Yeah. It's called Project 2025. This is, this is heavily featured in there, backed by a billion dollar shadow network. This vocal minority is pushing their anti-democratic agenda everywhere. But here's the thing, you can make a difference. Join Americans United for Separation of Church and State in our growing movement because church state separation protects everyone learn more and get involved at au.org/crooked. That's au.org/crooked.


So she did contrast with Trump throughout the speech. There was one longer section in the middle where she, she just went full prosecutor and laid out the case against Trump. Let's listen. Donald Trump tried to throw away your votes when he failed. He sent an armed mob to the United States Capitol where they assaulted law enforcement officers when politicians in his own party begged him to call off the mob and send help. He did the opposite. He fanned the flames. And now for an entirely different set of crimes, he was found guilty of fraud by a jury of everyday Americans.


And separately and separately found liable for committing sexual abuse. And consider, consider what he intends to do if we give him power again. Consider his explicit intent to set free violent extremists who assaulted those law enforcement officers at the Capitol. His explicit intent to jail journalists, political opponents, and anyone he sees as the enemy. His explicit intent to deploy our active duty military against our own citizens.


Consider, consider the power he will have, especially after the United States Supreme Court just ruled that he would be immune from criminal prosecution. Just imagine Donald Trump with no guardrails and how he would use the immense powers of the presidency of the United States. Not to improve your life, not to strengthen our national security, but to serve the only client he has ever had himself.


We've talked about this all week. I personally am not too big on like going through all of the bad things Trump has ever done because I think people have mostly made up their minds about Trump, especially the voters that we need to win. But I thought that was really effective because she sort of brought the whole thing forward and said, calmly laid out what he had done in the past and then said, well, and consider what he'll do in the future with this power. And she basically defined him as someone who has only cared about himself and was not gonna help you. so I thought that was pretty good. What'd you guys think? Chelsea Didn't make it a bunch of corny lines. Yes. She just laid it out simply. He sent a mob to the capitol. He assaulted women. He was found guilty of fraud. He wants to pardon the January 6th insurrectionists and jail opponents and jail journalists.


Imagine what he'll do next. Simple, powerful. Got through it Fast. There was not a single corny line in this speech. And I thought there was a point earlier before the slipper. She says he's an unserious man, but the consequence of his presence here serious. Oh that. Yeah. Which is exactly right. Way to do it. And You know you, we say all the time, like laying out all the bad stuff he does doesn't matter. But there is a segment of voters. They are Trump 20 voters who after January 6th walked away from him. And we have struggled and struggled and struggled to get those people to come over to the Democrats. They were not coming for Biden. Some of them are interested in comma, but these are the exact photos you need. And that like, that recitation that delivery is of, I think, an effective way of doing it. 'cause she doesn't gild a Alicia doesn't. Right. Just does it straight like a prosecutor would.


Yeah. I I'm sort of done with the phrase everyday Americans. I am, it replaced ordinary Americans because We. because We decided that the word ordinary was pe. It seems critical. Yeah. Yeah. It's Another everyday American. Do you, do you have an alternative? No. Like What? Like I'm just thinking about what About what About just Americans? Just Americans. Jury of peers. It's not a criticism of it. Just, that's that phrase that is bouncing Around. What about mid Americans? Yeah, sure. Like you're kind Mid median Americans. Sure. Anyway, thanks for your edit. One of the big issues in this election and also one that she had been talking about as vice president for the last couple years, his abortion rights. She hit that hard in the speech. Here's the key part And understand. He is not done as a part of his agenda.


He and his allies would limit access to birth control, ban medication, abortion, and enact a nationwide abortion ban with or without Congress. And get this, get this. He plans to create a national anti-abortion coordinator and force states to report on women's miscarriages and abortions. Simply put, they are out of their minds. That's some creepy shit. Yeah.


It's disgusting. And I'll I just say like, that's not only a case about how Trump would curtail abortion rights. It's a case that should appeal to libertarians. 'cause that is crazy. That is a crazy thing to do if you are worried about government intruding into your personal life. Yeah. I also thought that just the line, they're out of their minds. I Lovett it's just great. 'cause it wasn't You know, we've heard a lot this convention other places you get like a, a line that's designed for an applause and it's a little cutesy and it's written as a sound bite. And she was just, you just say what everyone's thinking, which is like, that's crazy. They're outta their minds. That I do think just to come back to the per to the delivery, like throughout this speech, there were ways in which like moments like that could have been cheesier.


Yep. Think she could have hammed it up. She just didn't like, and there are mo Like I had like a million corny lines in my head that I'm so glad that didn't come outta her mouth. Well, the lines didn't happen. But even the moments that I think she could have hammed up, she didn't, she delivered them straight. Yep. And she let the words speak for themselves. She didn't, she really didn't like she didn't linger on applause. She kept powering through the speech. She kept the speech moving. I, the, the, the kind of like, it was funny, she sort like danced around basically saying that Trump and JD Vance are gonna appoint an anti-abortion czar. And I would like us to start calling it a czar anti-abortion coordinator. Coordinator Czar. Yeah. Czar is scary. Border C Zar versus abortion czar. I'll take that fight Again. I like that. Thank you for the edit. That's good. It's not an edit. No, it's a good thing's.


An idea for Moving forward. We're moving, we're not going back, John. Alright, so I just wanna say, Dan was wondering when he could go to the bathroom during the speech. He was wondering when the foreign policy section began. 'cause that's when he was gonna go to the bathroom. But It, but to the credit of the speech writers, it was so short I couldn't go. And it turns out, and it turns out it was an incredibly powerful foreign policy section. Let's listen. I will not cozy up to tyrants and dictators like Kim Jong Un who are rooting for Trump, who are rooting for Trump. They know he is easy to manipulate with flattery in favors. They know Trump won't hold autocrats accountable because he wants to be an autocrat himself.


And as president, I will never waver in defense of America's security and ideals because in the enduring struggle between democracy and tyranny, I know where I stand and I know where the United States belongs. I like almost stood up and cheered at that part here in our studio. Tommy, the foreign policy section sparkled on the red carpet tonight. John, I thought no Mention of Aus. It was really, there was no Aus What the fuck I mean? Look where was Aus? Where is Aus? What are the Pacific rim? Tommy, no mention of the Pacific Rim. Sorry. Not enough rims.


She looked and sounded tough as hell. She talked about combating autocrats. She talked about rallying NATO after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. She did something that frankly, president Biden really struggled to do, which was talk about the humanity and suffering of the Palestinian people in a way that I found moving. And I I thought she's, it was good. Sometimes the foreign policy section drags. Okay. We know that. We know we are the redheaded stepchild of your little comms department, your little speech teams. But you know what, tonight we, we shined. Well, well let say, here's what I'll say. Okay, Dan, I'm glad I didn't pee. Thanks. I have a long history of peeing during foreign past speeches. In fact, I've never heard a word that Ben Rhode is written.


You got a bladder infection. And I'm and I'm glad it didn't go. It was good. It's the nicest thing you've ever said. I'm glad she did it. I will say watching that foreign policy section again, that was not like just performance. That is a, that last clip that we heard that is like the way that she delivered that is the delivery of someone who has been vice president, who has been around the world, who has dealt with foreign policy crises, who has sat in the situation room. Like you can tell, you could tell that she really felt that in a way that that's if she, when she was a candidate in 2020, maybe would not have delivered it that authentically. Yeah. It, several of the best moments throughout this convention have been people choosing not to process their disgust with sort of like vitriolic sentences, but actually taking a step back.


Obama did this, but a OC did this, walls did this, Kamala does this, which is to step back and try to make it figure out like why is this so outrageous? Like why is it so ridiculous that we're in this situation? And that, like, that was one of the most moving moments of the entire speech. And it was in the foreign policy section, which we normally think is junk Tommy. I know. And normally I normally hate myself. But to your, to your point about the authenticity of it, you're right. Like normally if you're a congressman or a governor or a senator and you're running for president, you, you're faking it. Yeah. You're, you're cosplaying president. She's been in the situation room. She's been in the PDB, she has represented Joe Biden.


Biden. She's been the P db. Everyone knows that means In the United States at the Munich Security Summit. Okay. She been to Muni, she's been to Ian. Yeah. She's Been to these national summits representing the United States. How Many Gs has she been to G Unit? I don't know of many. There's also something about her being a prosecutor too. Like one of the things that's been striking just over the past couple of years is we saw this with some of the indictments and how they're written. There's nothing that has disgusted law enforcement officials more than actually confronting the detailed evidence of Donald Trump's behavior. Like there, there is a kind of like righteous indignation that comes with having been a law enforcement person seeing the way Donald Trump conducts himself. And I I appreciate that in this moment.


Okay, so you all know what we thought of this speech? You're all thinking the Pos Save of America guys Slobbered all over this speech. Yeah. It's embarrassing. I'm fine with that. Yeah. If the election was tomorrow, it is still possible she could lose Absolutely Sure. The way things are right now. It is very tight. We've had a whole convention. It's been a great week. Donald Trump has responded to this in a very Donald Trump way. He was, he was truthing during the whole thing. Just some really wild truths. Where's Hunter was one of them. He started yelling about how Coach Walls was just an assistant coach. These This is what he was, This is what he was supposed during her speech. The hunter, The hunter's, the hunter ship has sailed my friend. And then He called into Fox afterwards, went on this tirade and he was, he was so exercised about the whole thing.


You could hear like the, the, the phone that he was hitting the numbers on the phone and it was going beep, beep, beep while he was talking. He was out of his mind nonetheless. The race is still almost tied. It's too bad. Final thoughts on where we go from here Just On Trump for a second. Yeah. Just the split screen of her delivering that speech before that rapturous crowd and Donald Trump calling into Fox News, like he's some sort of disgruntled Yankees fan is just like, like imagine what the split screen's gonna be like on the morning shows tomorrow. Right? Yeah, I know. Yeah. Like a real campaign could have had like waited till tomorrow and then he could have done an event and he could have responded. You forget what like a normal opposition campaign is. Like Yeah.


You would just, you would take the night off, you'd come back tomorrow And Respond to it. Speak about it. Yeah. In front of a crowd. Yeah. Also a Truth Walls was an assistant coach, not a coach. Right? Yeah. An assistant coach is a coach. You stupid asshole play one sport in your life. For the love of God. You call your assistant coach. Coach. Yeah. It's also great week here At the TNC. Yeah. Well it's also like an incredibly effective speech after a very effective convention with some of the best, I think whatever primetime big speeches that we've seen, if it works, it does everything it's supposed to do and it persuades 10 to 20% of the undecided voters to come along. That's, Whoa, I thought you were gonna say 10, 20,000 people. Of, Of the, of the small percentage of people that are undecided, it would show up as a point or two.


Okay. It would show up as a point or two. Yeah. Okay. Your math works. That, that's all I'm getting at math. Major math. Yeah. Without the math major that the most effective night we could ever hope for is one in which we would see modest improvement that would make us maybe feel a little bit more reassured. They may not, in a race we could still very much lose, so. Yeah. Yeah. So, alright. So just to, just to bring everyone back down to our Yeah. Good, good thing to do. When we get back from the break, you'll hear our interview with Governor Gavin Newsom. But before we get to that convention's over and now it's time to get to work. Okay.


Vote Save America has set an ambitious goal to sign up 75,000 volunteers by National Voter Registration Day on September 17th. And they can't get there without you. Vote Save America is a one stop shop for the most high impact ways to make a difference right now. They support candidates in critical races who know their communities inside and out and who champion the Harris Walls ticket so you can feel good knowing your volunteer hours. Help Democrats up and down the ballot. Can I just say a lot of you have said that when, that these, that that what finally gets you to sign up is a moment where we say, Hey, we've been asking you over and over again to sign up again. Again. Do us a favor, text me back. Just do it. Just go on Vote Save America dot com and sign up. Just you'll it as a favor to us. You've been listening for a long time. Do it for Dan. This is fucking free. Do It for Dan. Do It for Dan It. For Dan. Dan. What if we did it for Kamala? Sure. Just get the great specials you may never do. Listen, we if you volunteer, if you donate, that's great. The first step is just signing up. If you do nothing after that, you still sign up. Vote Save America dot com slash 2024 signup. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com And this ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


When we come back, Gavin Newsom


The best things in life. They come in, twos two scoops of ice cream, two tacos. And now for a limited time, get our best deal of the year. Buy any phone when you switch to consumer cellular and get two months of service free. That's right. the same fast, reliable, nationwide coverage as big wireless now with two months free proof. The best things in life relief do come in. Twos visit consumer cellular.com or call 1-888-FREEDOM second and third month of monthly base service fee waive for new customers with the purchase of a phone and activation. By September 2nd, 2024, taxes, fees and third party charges will apply. See website for additional details.


You can host the best backyard barbecue and you find a professional on Angie to make your backyard the best around. Connect with skill professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this when you, Angie, that,


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right With rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for where prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


We're here with Governor Gavin Newsom State, we just stop by every State's got one every Our governor. How the hell do you keep our name straight? There's a lot of us with a lot of us. How you doing? I'm good man. It's I mean. This is fun, right? Yes. I know. Everyone says just reminds me a lot of Obama in oh eight, but it does right? That sense of spirit and pride. There's some, there's an intangible, it's different. How are you feeling about the switch? I mean the switch Now we went through a very open process and a very inclusive process. I was bottom up, I don't know if You know that. Yes, that's what I've been told to say. Yes. It was a, it was a, it was a blitz primary. I believe that's what they called it. It's a very, Very fast blitz. I think it was. It's a blink primary. So we call that Oh what, 30 minute convention.


Yeah. You know between tweet and another tweet. It's Amazing how it happened. Yeah. It's been amazing. But it is what it is Amazing is how unified everybody is. Yeah. I mean his next level. So Kamala Harris is our nominee. You have known her for many years. Crazy. 2020, almost 25 years before, before we were both in po I know everyone said we were friends. You know, like you roll your eyes, politicians being friends. Right. But literally before we were either in both of us politicians, none of us knew what we were gonna do in the future. I was running a little restaurant and had a wine store down the road and she was an assistant district attorney in Alameda County. And we had some mutual friends, some guy named Willie Brown and some other guys that You know fell in helicopters with Donald Trump.


Right? Yeah. Maybe it was the other brown, whatever. But yeah. And, and, and here we are. I was a hell of a thing then. Like, how is this, this was never on a bingo card man. This is next level surreal. So it's, it's pretty exciting. What's something about about Kamala Harris that most people don't know that they should know? I think most people I mean it is a good point. I mean no one even know I more people, I swear to you the one thing that's universal, I didn't know she worked at McDonald's. You're like, really? That's like the most interesting and relevant thing. But it is interesting. I mean it is a reminder how you think You know somebody and and you don't. And, and so I think that's her opportunity obviously to introduce herself, not just reintroduce herself, but fill out that bio a little bit more. And obviously she's doing that with some of the paid media.


But that bio is so multifaceted again, just in terms of the relationship, the personal relationship, her advocacy or causes social justice, racial justice, economic justice. There's so much focus on her criminal justice frame as district attorney and ag prosecuting the case. But there's a whole nother side of her about inclusion. And that's something I hope she talks more about. And look, she's, she's prepared. She's tough. She's tenacious. She doesn't suffer fools. Yeah. Why'd you point at John? Well why do you wanna say something? We got a little history Here we need to discuss. Let's tear it out. He's been foolish. Tear it out. Did you all know that McDonald's apparently put out some data where they found that one of every eight Americans has worked outta McDonald's.


Is that True? Wow. Now I, this is all hearsay from the hallway an hour ago with Dunky. But This is what told I mean. If you can't trust what you're in the hallway, the Democratic convention, what can you trust? That's I mean. you know what? I just want you to know, you can trust me because I have raised the minimum wage for fast food workers and migrate state to $20. Nicely done. And We've created more jobs since we've done that. Sorry, wall Street Journal. Eat your heart. They're wrong. Created more jobs now. I'm just saying if Kamala worked under our administration, she would be much better off today than she was back in the day. That's all I'm saying. Saying That is a professional pivot. Right. That's What I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. But no, so it, look, it's exciting and so it's fun.


So many of our mutual old friends are here and now all her new friends that are old friends. I went to grammar school with Ola. She's my clo You know He, there's gonna be a lot of that. Jesus. I did SoulCycle with Doug. I guess there was a lot of people who do SoulCycle by The, probably a lot of people Did do. so I apparently in SoulCycle. I've been to that one many times. California Love was the music playing. When you put Kamala over the top. Why was everyone upset? We didn't have like Kendrick Lamar or someone show up like they wanted. They're like, oh, that Newsome Guy. You could have had Dr. Dre. Where's Snoop? Like Snoop? He cost a half a million dollars to get probably. Oh yeah, yeah. That's what he made. Think that's his daily, he wouldn't have this for free. N that was Amazing. Anyway, that was a whole, that's a whole nother unbelievable I mean that guy was I mean.


That's the best Olympics I've enjoyed. But no, I know that was this. Everyone brought it, the dj, the whole thing. This was a different thing. Was that your choice? California? Come on. Well, I love Cal I mean I've been like Green Day or something. We're elder millennial so we In our, there's nothing wrong with Green Day. I know we talked about this Alga guy, Lars, I just checked in two nights ago. How's he doing? It's the be man's crushing. Okay, good. They're still filling out damn stadiums. No one does that. But yeah, no, look, we're California. Cool. Come on. That was good. That man makes sense. Makes sense. Our young, so there we were in our Slack, there was a running debate. Everyone's waiting for California waiting for God. What song's gonna be talk? I'm like young people. It's California love.


There's no question. There's only one option. By the way, it was interesting just being with my delegation, how everybody, we, we had four of us that were supposed to be in the camera, our good senators and how everybody saw it. We saw that I mean I mean we'll talk. That's on our conversation. College Dame Day out there. It was, it is an it was, it was surreal. It, so obviously California's getting a lot of love at this convention. The last president from California was Ronald Reagan, a Republican. If Kamala Harris wins, are there some statues of him? We can melt down. We turn into something Kamala related. Like how are we gonna play this now, This is hard. I mean someone I I got as my witness right before I walked in here, someone said and grabbed me and whispered said, you need to name the Golden Gate Bridge after Nancy Pelosi.


And I'm like, Jesus. I said, well, the, the, the Bay Bridge was named after the former mayor. Willie Brown Feinstein, I think is gonna get the name of the airport. I mean we, I run out of things to name. So this is a problem, right? Yeah. I mean with, You should not say that on microphone because We because Nancy Pelosi will hear it. And No, I know, I know I do. We We know how that goes. We We do it. But there's, that's a lot of pressure on us to come up with something. We need to figure that out for Nancy. Yeah. But it is I mean. That is another part of I think just the California love and that I'm enjoying is just the appreciation for some of the talent that's coming outta the state and that next level talent obviously in Nancy Pelosi and Kamala and, and so much of that history. And it's interesting in that Bay Area history in particular.


And for those that follow California politics, the Brown Burton Pelosi machine I mean old school politics. Loyalty, I mean just the principles of leadership and loyalty with you when it's tough, tough on you when things are going too well. Yeah. I mean these guys are mentors and they're, they're extraordinarily I mean the, the, the, the cohesiveness in the Bay Area, the competitiveness. Sure. But the cohesiveness of support is next level. And I think that's demonstrable with Kamala's rise in success. Obviously Nancy's persistence and her dominance in American politics. Yeah. You played a lot of sports in your day. Tim Walls was a football coach, the high school teacher. What, like, what do you think it means as a, for a politician to have been a coach of a team to a leader of young men?


Like what, what does that say about him? No BS I mean, I, I told Tim when I saw him yesterday, I said, why haven't you publicly thanked me for your job? Like I'm the biggest Tim Waltz fan. Anyone that's ever met him has to be, it's the most decent. He's what I love. For me, the scorecard of what makes a great politician is a great person as a human being. This guy is the real deal. He's coach in every way, shape or form. He really gives a damn about other people's. The reason he became the head of the the DGA, that was just, it was no, there was no debate that I remember sitting there when we voted for him. Everyone looks like Tim obviously. And in fact we're that we don't know what to do without him as the head of the DGA.


So he's just a decent, honorable guy. He's the same guy in private that you see in public. And so there's an authenticity. And the reason I'm not surprised about this pick knowing Kamala, as long as I've known she's gotta have that, she's gotta have that trust. And there was no doubt when she as talented, all the other considerations were, and they were all extraordinary next level talented. There was no doubt in my mind she would pick Tim on the basis of that interpersonal relationship. And just knowing that she, that she would have this guy's trust and he would always have her back 24 7. And, and so I it's, I I just think it's an inspired ticket for her as a situational partner. Short term and as a sustainable partner long term.


because We all know some people regret their vice presidential choices after the election because they just did it for the situational short-term benefit of political. And then they try to kill them. You know and then they try to kill them. Yeah. Which is tough. So you gotta watch for that. Or they, they do a reality show like Sail or Palin's, Alaska is all Oh, yeah's, right? Yeah. Gee, that's Last question for you. Yes sir. You've been in elected office for 20 years. You now have one of the most challenging jobs, in my opinion. so I gotta ask, what lessons have you learned being a podcast host? What the hell that went? I was like, in my mind, I had my stump speech response to the gubernatorial thing. And you literally went there.


Honestly, You told us you were launching last time you were on The show guys giving Mode Memo. You guys know about podcasts, but I mean I, we don't know much. I wanted to be nice. The Advice was don't do it. And by The way, literally you son of a bitch, that was your advice. The worst goddamn advice. That's a fact. I appreciate your honesty. Yeah, no, I know you did. That I mean you did what You know. And that is not a guy worried about my, our competition. I could say. He's like, he was serious about that. Do I come to your office and start issuing proclamations in executive orders? Like stay out of our shit. That's all we're saying. Oh geez. I mean I'm like literally we don't like competitions. We're unbelievable. So look, hey, I just saying, okay. With all due respect, like Marshawn lips, that's just different.


Yeah, that's good. It is. It is different. It's the beast. Yeah. And it's fun. And by the way, we had a fun little episode. We went into San Quentin death row, which You know. I did a, a moratorium on the death penalty in California. And then we cleaned out San Quentin. We're turning into an honor yard. Oh wow. And we were able to, we, we were able to do an episode there. I met a guy, you talk about sports, God is my witness. I met a kid that I played little league baseball with. Really 25 to life. He just got rejected on a five year parole because of some imprison violations. And Marshawn met a guy I grew up with in Oakland walking through the yard. And that's the kind, I think for us, that's the po that that's the sort of intersection of what we're trying to do differently. 'cause we sure as hell can't compete with you guys in any day any way.


And so that what is not what about, but I'm a politician. I Think you basically hosted this whole segment, Whole pro. And in just a moment we'll be back, but first to work from our sponsor, The The California Hemp Association, Tommy John underwear. Johnny John under, that's the, when You know you've made It Johnny John underwear, two For one. Oh yeah. Do you have any? We have. So we have this organization, Vote, Save, America. We're having people sign up to get involved. Volunteers. Do you have any marching orders for everyone in this election? What I mean not to vote? What that I mean? Are we seriously having volunteer, you think registry and are we really having this conversation to the importance of registering a vote? Yeah. I mean you think people of People out. No, we don, I'm not register, volunteer. We want them to like go volunteer, knock on doors, make calls, all this stuff.


Yeah. No, it's about active not a earth citizenship. And citizenship is not just voting every two years or four years in an election. It's everything that happens in between. It's everything that happens after this convention. They'll be determinative in terms of fate and future of our country and the planet and the world we're trying to build. And so everybody needs to step up and step in in a much more deep and meaningful way. Get other people activated, involved, get rid of this cynicism. All the negativity, all that stress and anxiety I know we've all been through in the last three plus years. And recognize that we've gotta reconcile the world we're living in. And we have this unique opportunity in American history to do that and do our dare I say turn the page. There You go. There you Go. Donald Trump and Trumpism. And put that in the damn dustbin of history and in the rear view mirror.


Gavin Newsom, thank you for stopping by. Thank you for being our governor. Good to be With you guys. Having you. Always. We'll see you all three or not four of you on the podcast. When I invite you on my podcast, we'll See you on the Apple charts. This is the new, this is the new hosting. This is Pod Save America right Here. Politicing Guys. We made it. We survived the Democratic Convention. This is our last DNC show. But as usual, we've got a bonus segment for our friends of the Pod subscribers. Even though the heroic Elijah Cone got sick and had to go home. and of course if you aren't a subscriber, head to cr.com/friends or sign up through the Apple Podcast app. And while Tommy and Dan and I are flying home tomorrow, Lovett is staying, oh no, right.


For Lovett. Or leave it Friday night at the Vic Sold out show with the Vic. Wish I could go Thank you to our amazing crew here in Chicago. Yeah. Shout out to the team. Just lot of people working. Turn 20 hour crew. They'll never, you never turn the camera around. The Crooked Media. Turn the camera around. They have. I got it, I got it. Slept. Charlotte, Ben Hailey. Sophie Reid, Milo. What's that one's name? Saul, Austin, Madeline Lucinda. Everyone was here. Shaniqua. Elijah. Ari. Elijah. Elijah. Well I already mentioned Elijah here. It may be a blessing. Dumpy Caroline Dumpy. Oh yeah. Real shrinking violin never gets any, never gets spotlight. I was just saying the people I could see here and the crew working very late hours in la.


We'll be back in your feed with a new show on Tuesday morning. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricut.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer.


The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segwin and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Pal Aviv, and David Toles. Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes.


Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details. Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home project You know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started@angie.com.