
From Cozy Breakfast nooks to formal dining areas, Ashley has versatile dining options starting at just 4 99 99. And for a limited time only you can receive a $250 mattress credit. With the purchase of any six piece bedroom set. Plus get 60 month special financing on select in-store purchases made With your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card shop and Save Today only at Ashley. Subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. No minimum purchase required. See ashley.com for details.


Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security With Political ads and election news dominating the headlines. It's normal to be feeling on edge. SimpliSafe can help You take some of the anxiety off by ensuring that when You put your head down at night. You do So In a home. That feels like your drive sanctuary. I'm not worried that Donald Trump is gonna break It into my house, but Okay Their advanced technology ensures your home is protected. So, you can focus on making your voice heard this election Okay. Yeah, You nailed. It. I. Set up a SimpliSafe system. It's very easy to do. Go to the website You. Just count your windows, your doors, and the various sensors That you need and Then you order it. It comes In the mail very quickly. You can install it In a matter of Minutes and Then. It works perfectly. I. highly Recommend It Install Yourself or You can choose professional installation to have a pro to it for you. With, fast protect, monitoring and live guard action. SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract. So. You can cancel any time pricing's transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day. With No hidden fees ever. Protect your home. With 50% off a new SimpliSafe system. Plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's No safe like SimpliSafe


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Fabre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. today today's s show With just 25 days until election day. The Trump campaign slams the door on a final debate and instead plans big rallies, In blue states. We'll talk about why if there is a why. The Harris campaign is looking to keep up the momentum. With a town hall, In Vegas, a rally In Phoenix, and by unleashing Barack Obama and Bill Clinton on the campaign trail. Plus Nevada. Senator Jackie Rosen stops by to talk With Lovett about her critical reelection race and how she plans to win But. first, Dan John, the October freakout has begun and this round of Democratic panic has everything.


Queasy stomachs, tightening polls, dor clickbait, and countless quotes from anonymous sources. Second guessing strategy and offering All kinds of free advice Welcome to the final month of the 2024 campaign. Just to level set, even though the polling gods have punished us With a few solid results for Trump this week. The averages remain mostly unchanged. Kamala Harris is up three nationally and by a single point In, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Nevada. She's down a point In, North Carolina and Georgia and down to In, Arizona. I think the polls over the last week have changed by an average of 0.3 0.4 depending on what average you're looking at and yet worries abound.


With reporting that Democrats are concerned about how Harris is doing. With everyone from black men In Detroit to Latinos, In Nevada to young voters everywhere. The race for control of the house has gone from a slight democratic advantage to pure tossup. The Senate appears to be slipping away from Democrats. With new time Sienna polls confirming what other polls have found. John Tester is down considerably. In Montana while Colin Allred and Debbie Ersel Powell are trailing In, Texas and Florida. This podcast we're adopting your motto, Dan, worry about everything. Panic about nothing. I know you've got a big polar coaster episode that's gonna be on this feed on the PSA feed This Sunday conversations With David ppl and Carlos Oio to the smartest strategist In, the Democratic Party.


I don't wanna steal from those conversations, but maybe you could tell us how we should think about the race right now and what, if anything is worrying you about the numbers. Well, I would encourage everyone to tune In on Sunday. David Pluff, who the people probably know was our boss In the Obama campaign and he is a senior advisor on the Harris campaign and he lays out where the race stands right now and their plan for winning over the next three weeks here. So, it's a great conversation. Encourage You to listen. It'll be out as you said on the p S, a feed on Sunday. Here's where we are John. This race could not be closer. Every single battleground state is within their margin of error. It is essentially a tie, a normal polling error, In either direction. Just because polls are In precise could mean Trump wins could mean Harris wins.


It is very possible. This is not us telling you or not me telling you not, but not to wet the bad or not to worry or anything like That. Donald Trump could win this race. He has a lot going for him. The political environment favors him. In some ways it did not it. Previous elections he won In 16, he almost won In 20. But when you look at everything You, look at the map, the polls, the campaigns. Who has more money, how they're spending their money, how they're organized as I Sit here. Today I wrote this In message box last weekend. I think that In the this is a toss up race, but if I had to pick which side, I would rather be I would rather be Kamala Harris because I think she has the better campaign. Her campaign is better resourced, she's a better candidate.


She has a slightly higher ceiling than Trump does and a clearer path to a victory number In to get get sort of In enough battleground states to get her at two 70. But this could not be closer, right? It is gonna be incredibly close. It's I. Find It. I would be shocked if there was something that moved the polls In any significant way over the, over this next period of time here. Yeah, the polling error could mean Trump wins or Kamala wins or another kind of error which is not getting friends out to vote, right? Or or not working hard enough to get people out to the polls because In a In a race that's this close I mean you're talking literally a couple votes per precinct. In a given swing state, That could, if You know if, if a couple votes per precinct went the other way, It would've changed.


It could have changed the race In 2016 it could have changed the race. In 2020 and this is on track to be as close as those races, if not closer than 2020, which was pretty damn close. One thing That stuck out at me I think you read this too because we both read All the same shit. All the time Dave Wasserman redistrict at the Cook Political Report. They have been doing battleground state polls. The most recent set They did, it was a couple weeks ago, he actually broke them down. In a really helpful way to think about which voters, Kamala Harris needs to close the deal. With So, he broke these voters into three categories, right? One is Hi engagement voters, which They defined as people who have voted In 20 16, 20 20, 20, 22, 20, 24, right?


So, the Presidentials and the midterms over the last decade. And this In, their polls, which was a big sample, is like 3,500 voters. In the swing states though not national, that's about 60% of the electorates. It's a big chunk of the electorate. They favored Biden and now Kamala by four points over Trump. They happen to be whiter older. 93% say They are absolutely voting. Their views of inflation and the economy are improving have improved us over the last year. And So, she's doing Great With those voters. But So is Joe Biden and They make up a big chunk of the electorate, right? These are probably All, the people who are listening to this podcast, Then, there are the low and midg engagement voters, right?


These voters make up 33% of the electorate. These are folks who skipped one out of the last four elections. Biden was losing these voters by 10 points. Harris has made up some ground, she's losing them by seven. But Trump is still doing well. With, these voters, They are less white, younger, slightly more female, slightly more likely to identify as independence and much more likely to not have a college degree. They do not think the economy has improved at All. They think Trump is much better than Harris on change from the status quo and dealing With foreign policy, crises and wars. Those are the big issues for them.


And Then, there are the new voters, these are people who have registered to vote since the 2022 midterms. This was interesting. There are only 7% of the electorate, but Biden was losing these voters by 10 points. Kamala is winning them by 13 points. So, smaller segment of the electorate, but she's doing much better. I think that's a lot of the ground she's made up is both sort of consolidating the democratic base but also new voters, which Trump is doing well, With now she's doing better. But it's these low engagement voters. We've talked about this before. We talked about It when Biden was In the race that are the real challenge. What do You think about about that analysis? I think that That analysis is exactly right. It's why when everyone was running around here using, when Biden was still In the race using the 2022 midterms as an example, that Biden would ultimately prevail.


Yeah, it's why that was kind of selling and snake a little to people because yes, if the electorate looked exactly like It did, In 2022 Then, a Democrat is would certainly win this election and win It relatively easily. But that's not what the electorate's gonna look like. It is going to be In. Some states 40% larger than It was In 2022 and those voters are less friendly to us. And this is a reversal from how It used to be In, the Obama era. Those voters, the less engaged voters were more friendly to Democrats and Trump has made gains there and So this In. Some ways you can look at That and say, well Trump's lead is built on a, on pretty fragile ground. Yep. Because In order to get there, he needs these people who don't have a great history of voting to turn out and he has also not built a campaign to turn those voters out.


And Pl and I actually have a pretty long discussion about this, but It occurred to listen to on Sunday about why he has challenges, why Trump? This is a challenge for Trump, but yeah, It is this is, this is the whole race is can You get to those people? Trump's campaign is very focused on reaching those people where They are, it's it media strategy, it's his sort of pop culture brand is getting to those people and you don't get to those people through C NN Town Halls and New York Times interviews and All, That You get to 'em through and we'll talk about this With, Kamala Harris' media strategy. A lot of sort of pop culture online stuff. Yeah, They are, the challenge is They are less reliable but there are more of them and you know again there's, they're probably gonna, there's gonna be I.


Think They estimate, 43% of the voters In this election will have college degrees, which is a record Hi, but that still means 57% of voters are non-college and Trump's base is non-college white voters. And if he starts eating into non-college Latinos and black voters as well, particularly black men, you know, that's where it could, if those people actually turn out, that's how he wins. Just as In terms of how I'm feeling, like it's interesting In 2016, super confident, a little nervous but super confident. We then got win polls were wrong, didn't win 2020. The polls were just, it's funny looking back at like how big a lead Biden had In a lot of these polls.


He was at eight points In, the national polling average I mean insane. There was the polling Amount of up 17 In Wisconsin towards the end. And look, were we All, we spent I think we spent most of the end of that race being nervous that there would be the polling error. Like there wasn't 2016 turns out the error was bigger. Much bigger Yes than 2016. Yes, but we don't think about it as much because Biden still won because he was ahead by the polls. In So much. But It was a bigger error than it was In 16 this time around I am actually less I. Don't know how you feel about this. I am less worried that there's going to be a big polling error because I think just based on the way the electorate has been and how people have voted since 2016, that the actual electorate is split pretty evenly and and divided pretty evenly.


So I actually believe that it is probably a tie race That the that what the polls are saying right now is It That, it's tied I. I've gone through a similar sort of emotional rollercoaster here, which was cocky In 16, cautiously optimistic, In 20 and now incredibly nervous You like you should be nervous. Anyone who's not nervous is not paying close attention to what is actually happening In this race. But I think the conversation around a quote unquote polling error is a little dumb at this point. Like It is totally possible that we are still undercounting Trump voters like that is very possible. Pollsters have tried a lot of things, particularly campaign pollsters put aside the media pollsters the campaign pollsters have done a lot of things to try to correct for That and they're being very conservative In their estimates and their polling looks a lot like the public polling.


Yeah, So it is possible. But if the polls come out and They say that Kamala, if the, the last poll on average on election day has Kamala Harris up by two points, In, Arizona and Trump wins It by one point. That's not the polling error No. That is just, it's good. That is the margin of error. Nothing. The poll cannot tell you who is In a racist close. A poll cannot tell You who is gonna win All It can tell You is the racist this close? Yeah, the polling error would be like Kamala Harris is is a down one, In Arizona and she loses by eight. Yeah, right. Exactly. That's exactly. Or wins by seven just if you wanted do a little glass Half or by seven half. Yes. Right, Right. Yes. To try to Ad some positivity to this. The other thing is, and this is probably a longer conversation, maybe it's a polar coaster episode, you could join me for it, but it's about whether 2020 is the right, is the exact right model for this election.


Like we are jamming everything and there's an entire debate about whether You should wait. The polls So that the margins and the polls of people who voted In 2020 look like the 2020 margins. we don't have to get into that nerd, that nerdy stuff right now, but a lot has happened since 2020. That means that politics could have changed, right? And we saw That In the Times Po In, the Times Florida poll, which has Trump winning Florida by 13. Do I think that's correct, No, but is it possible Florida has moved somewhat significantly to the right since 2020 because of, and you look at what happened In 2022? Very possibly. But on the other hand, if you look at Pennsylvania and Michigan, In particular and You, look at what happened. In 2022 In, those states, it's also possible That, those states have moved a little bit to the left since 2020.


Right So, when you jam everything through the 2020 filter, we may not be giving ourselves the exact right picture of what's gonna happen because we are not allowing and In effort to try to ensure that we are counting enough Trump voters In our polls. We're not allowing for shifts one way or the other. In some of these states All right enough poll analysis and hand wringing from us. Let's pivot to our other strong suit. Unsolicited advice. The Harris Walls campaign certainly doesn't seem complacent or panicked. Just very busy. The vice president just taped a Univision Town Hall, In Vegas that will air after we record this. She's now heading to Phoenix for a rally. And Then also just on Thursday, accepted an invitation from C NN to participate.


In a town hall on October 23rd that will take the place of the debate. Trump was too scared to do. He was invited as well by C, NN, to do a town hall. Unclear if he's gonna hide from that, just like the debate. And also the Democrats heavy hitter surrogates are hitting the trail for the first time. Bill Clinton will campaign In rural Georgia and North Carolina this week and Barack Obama is about to hold a rally. In Pittsburgh. Right after we record this, of course, let's start With the debate news. Trump said quote, he he In addition to you know, his campaign denying this. He finally really just put a stake In the ground. With the With, the truth yesterday That said there will be No rematch. Thank you for your attention to this matter.


So C NN canceled it and asked both candidates to do the town halls. So. It seems like that's It for debates, huh? Yeah. No More Debates seems like No debate. No debate. Everyone thought that Trump last minute would, would maybe come back and just No nothing. We're not gonna have another debate. I mean it's It is notable that Trump has as of the courting of this, skipped outta a 60 Minutes interview, avoided a debate, has yet to agree to a town hall is doing some campaigning and battleground states, but not tons and I do believe That I don't know what Trump thinks or care what Trump thinks. But I do think his campaign believes that his presence In front of swing voters is not necessarily a net positive. I mean, how long have we been saying the more Trump the better So It would make sense.


That They. Think the less Trump the better from the Trump campaign. If They wanna win, right, which They clearly do. It seems like They think That In this final month that the more voters hear from Kamala Harris, especially if she's doing interviews, especially if she's challenged In interviews. That They can use that as fodder to attack her while Trump just does his crazy fucking rallies. That No one pays attention to, except for the people who are already voting for him. Yeah, you know, but it there is the press does not. And the Harris Bank does not have to take That as except that reality. Right? And like You I would just note that around the So Kamala Harris will on the Caller Daddy podcast, we've talked about it.


We'll talk about It again. It was a huge deal. It got a ton of coverage, which is good. It should get a ton of coverage. Donald Trump went on the flagrant podcast hosted by comedian Andrew Schultz yesterday, which was a very embarrassing performance for him. They kind of made fun of him the whole time. Then, We played the clip yesterday. They laughed multiple times at him and, And almost No one covered It is not part of. Is that part of the discussion? Yeah, it is. The press does not like I get It. Kamala Harris had done a lot of interviews. She does call her daddy. It's huge Call her daddy is a podcast also That. Probably a lot of the press are probably familiar. With the Flagrant podcast is a huge podcast. They have millions of TikTok followers sets stuff us All over social media. I didn't know about It until I looked it up yesterday when I saw That. Trump was on it. And Then I only knew of Andrew Schultz because I had gone to the roast of Tom Brady and he was one of the people who roasted him.


And I'm like, who's this comedian I Know All these people because the Chinese government believes that I am a likely Republican and They jam this shit into my TikTok algorithm. All the time. I get So much. Andrew Schultz. So much Brent Kreer. So much Theo v Always. I'm getting, I'm starting to get, I'm on TikTok a little more just for, you know, just for research. Research purposes Of offline. Yes. And I'm getting like I, get crooked content. I get MAGA content and Then I get like chapel R content. It's really, it's some like weird shit. Weird like crosscutting stuff. That. I'm getting on on my, you're An over 40-year-old white male They are, you are a target audience for Barstool.


Yeah. Bagga bag, adjacent comedians, that kind of stuff. Then, I. Get some Then I. Get some like Taylor Swift stuff. I. It's a real, it's a real, yeah. Pop on my, on my TikTok algorithm.


Pod Save America is brought to you by article. Article believes In delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, They have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple article's. Team of designers are All about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. Their dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus They won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send You updates every step of the way. Article's, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. We get some article furniture here at Crook hq. It looks Great. It arrived really quickly. It I. Don't know if it's Scandy or Boho Great. Yeah, I haven't it? Great able to label great each one. great. But yeah, it looks great either way and it was very affordable. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/cricket and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Pod Save America is brought to you by express vpn. Going online without express V VPN is like getting undressed With your window curtains wide open. People don't do that. Even if You think You have nothing to hide, why give I like To do that outta hotels? Why give random creeps a chance to invade your privacy? Give Pittsburgh a show, a second show. They Deserve it because All, your traffic flows through their servers. Internet service providers, including mobile network providers know every single website you visit and In the US ISPs are legally allowed to sell that information to advertisers. Express VPN Reroutes a hundred percent of your traffic through secure Encrypted servers So. Your I SP can't see your browsing history Express VPN hides your IP address making It extremely difficult for third parties to track your online activity. It's easy to use. Fire up the app and click one button to get protected. And it works on All devices, phones, laptops, tablets and more. So you can stay private on the Go Express VPN is rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and the Verge So. Look, we travel All the time and I just think you end up on these wifi networks, like on airplanes, In hotels. And look, you do I. Think every time we're In a hotel, there's some hacker one floor down getting their rocks off by going breaking into people's computers. No I don't. I don't. But it could be. Yeah. You Travel enough. You're gonna get, someone's gonna hack you. Why Risk It? Why Risk It Protect Your online privacy Today by visiting express vpn.com/crooked. That's E-X-P-R-E-S SV vpn.com/crooked and You can get an extra three months free. Express vpn.com/crooked.


Pod Save America is brought to you by calm. There's a lot happening these days. It can feel especially stressful or hopeless when things are outside of our control. But CALM can help you restore your sense of balance and peace. Amidst outside Chaos comes the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. Calm knows That. Everyone faces unique challenges, In their daily lives and mental health isn't about a one size fits All solution. That's why CALM offers a wide range of content to help you navigate life's ups and downs. With programs like Meditations to help you work through anxiety and stress. Boost your focus, build healthier habits and take better care of your physical wellbeing. Sleep stories, sleep meditations and calming music That will help You drift off to restful sleep quickly and naturally. You know I've been having trouble sleeping for the last several years since, Since you stopped Wedding the Bed 2016 and found as a new reason. Yeah And sometimes You know putting In a podcast and and having and using Calm it really helps, really helps. It just sort of drifts You off to sleep. So, you stop thinking about the cross tabs In, the New York Times Santa Poll, stress less, sleep more and live better. With Calm. For listeners of our show com's offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a com premium subscription@com.com slash crooked, go to C a lm.com/crooked for 40% off unlimited access to com's entire library. That's calm.com/crooked


So. Ask Jen this on yesterday's s show, but I wanted to hear your thoughts. The week of the Kamala Media blitz is almost over, just like too many interviews to even break down one by one. Aside from call her daddy, she like did everything. Do you think It was successful and was the exposure and the number of voters that she probably reached, which is likely In, the tens of millions was That worth the, you know, minor slip ups controversies, whatever You wanna call them That. She generated fairly or unfairly thinking about the comment on the view where she said You know I. Can't think of anything that I would've done differently than Biden. I can't really think of anything else.


That seems like a a gaff though. Republicans just keep sending around clips of her and All of these interviews and are like basically saying That They were disasters. Which is sort of their thing but I don't know. What did You think? I thought It was great I hope it's not over. Keep doing It. This is what we have like this. You don't have to necessarily do the View Colbert and Howard Stern In one day every day for the next three weeks. So, you don't have to do that. Like that's extreme but just flood the zone going forward. You have to be do everything right and And I would do more local tv, right? Jen said this. In your conversation. With her. Do more local tv. Do the thing where you I mean I. Feel sorry for the staffers who have to do this, but when she sits there and does an hour straight five minute satellite television interviews and hit every mark.


Yeah, do All the podcasts, do our podcast, do other podcast, do a q and a for message box. Do it All, right? And wow q and a for message box. It would be awkward if she picks it over To, Pod, Save America, but we'll, we'll, we'll litigate down the back end and that you can't worry about the controversies and that They were minor. These are In. What is a pretty gross metaphor? That, our friend David Ro used to say pimples on the asset progress like You Just, oh my God he did use, he always says That. Yeah And you just got, you just have to keep doing it because the voters That she is trying to reach here are almost impossible to reach that you just have to catch that they're not tuning In to find you. They are not doing Googling your policy positions.


They're not looking up the, when the C nnn town hall is, the mission Town hall is They are scrolling through their phone and or they're watching something on television. And You just have to hope that for 30 to 90 seconds you can grab their attention and make them wanna ask more questions or be more curious about you. And I mean it's an insane way to live because I tried to do the math on this. So there are 47 million voting age adults In the seven battleground states. Let's assume that 6% of them are undecided or persuadable, right? Yeah, maybe it's eight, maybe it's 10. But let's say six that gets You to 2.35 million voters Total That we're tar targeting.


Now let's say That, those people turn out at the same rate They did In 2020, which is 66%. Now you're, we're doing All this for 1.5 billion voters and you're hoping you just get 52% of those And these are one and these are, and those voters They, just like I said, They happen to be, They happen to be younger. They are not consuming as much. Forget about political news, just news In general and the information They are getting, if it's from somewhere like TikTok or Facebook or wherever, pick your poison not necessarily gonna be reliable. Which is where the like, you know, which is why I'm sure Trump campaign and right wing media ecosystem is just like picking out whatever clips They can from All of her appearances and sending them around and acting like they're a big fucking disaster.


Trump's you know, harping on the 60 Minutes thing, which we, we will get to In a second, but I do think the answer is to just keep doing it. Because one advantage of doing So many interviews and doing them So frequently is if there is a gaff or a slipup or something that They take outta context. It's just It doesn't last that long because you give them more content the next day to pick over and It just gets old right? And So like nothing really sticks for a long time. So You might as well just keep doing it and keep taking the rest. You have to al In this meeting environment. You have to always be on offense, right? Yeah, yeah. If you're not on offense, you're on defense. Well on that note, like how would you be thinking about opportunities to break through and win news cycles?


In these last few debate free weeks because it's almost like there's two campaigns. There's the the campaign going on for those 1.5 million voters, In the swing states that you're talking about, which is gonna be All, this kind of targeted media opportunities and most voters aren't gonna see them and it's gonna try to go to one demographic group or the other. But Then, there's just like sort of the national news, the political news, how the campaign's going and like how do You think the Harris campaign is thinking about like winning every news cycle every day from now until election day. Or are They or You know? Do They have to be even I? Don't know that You. Think about it. In terms of news cycles or days anymore like In, my In, the old days of the early days of my political campaign experience, we used to gather around and watch the evening news at the end of every day to see if we won the ca won the won the day.


Like the day did you win the day Day? Yeah. And that's not the right way to think about it anymore. Be especially In a world where content, particularly on TikTok but also on Instagram and YouTube is delivered to people With without specific ties to the calendar. Like you can see a clip from a day ago, three days ago, three years ago, right? It has a longer tail and So, it's not ultimately that you're trying to win each individual day because something you did Today may show up In someone's feed four days from now. Like there are people still getting call daddy content and So I think You have to change your mentality 'cause All of us have the old Politico win the day, win the morning, win the cycle, spin room bullshit stuff.


That's just not how the world works anymore. So, it's about two things. It is about how you shape the overall conversation. 'cause what You want, like You want the vibes to be good around your candidacy. And that is Right I think that's more what I'm getting at. Yeah, Yeah. Right. And So and I just wanted to get to the new cycle thing 'cause I think that's how the press is covering this and that's not the right way to do it is how do you seem like your drive have momentum towards the end, right? As you wanna build a sense of momentum and excitement for your movement. So people wanna join it. And another Thing is, the answer is to have a lot of stories about Democrats panicking. Yes. And the way That we every one of us can help That is you You take your anxieties and Then you find the nearest reporter from Politico or Axios and you call them.


And when They say, well how can I identify you? Say just say That. I'm a, I'm a source close to the Harris campaign. Yeah, I'm a democratic strategist. In a battleground state, which is a new classic one people have out there just unburden. The way to help Kamala Harris is to unburden yourself to Publicly some The people who write playbook In some way that's, that's the way to do It. That's It. So I think the way to think about this is So, you want to show momentum and you show momentum by being on offense and doing things That get attention, right? And So doing like doing this little media blitz is one way In, which we did That, everyone was talking about her and the things she were doing call her daddy Howard Stern drinking a beer on Stephen Colbert. That's All great. My belief is They have some more of those things like That In the can coming and you have to just keep picking some Hi profile things like the Cheney event she did That, we talked last podcast you and I did together.


It was a perfect example that is not just your typical rally. It is something different and unique. You can, when she went to the border, That is something different. Unique You need us more of those All the time. If You can do some, like she's gonna do an event I, assume With Obama at some point, yeah that will be a Hi profile moment. Do an event With some of these Republicans who are supporting her who are In some of her ads right now. If you could roll out some endorsements from some of these former Trump cabinet officials who have said they're not gonna vote for him. Like that's It. Just, just continue to build momentum every, every time you're out there You, just have something new that's like more grist for the mill. That and some of those things will go nowhere. And I don't think it's necessarily policy stuff like I thought the sandwich generation stuff that she announced on the view The is great for that audience, but a lot of the stuff's gonna be more sort of edgy, cultural contrast, With Trump sort of stuff that I think will drive the conversation.


Yeah, I do think leaning into the, the contrasts In the final month is gonna be most important and to the extent that the, the contrast can be can at least sound new and different because you know we've All said everything there is to say about Trump, but I think for her like sort of driving those new contrasts based on what pops up In the news every day about Trump is probably gonna be a way to keep things fresh. Speaking of Trump, let's talk about him. He did a few rallies Wednesday where he honed his closing message by spreading conspiracies about hurricanes and calling one of the hosts of the view stupid. That's what you do. Trump will also be holding a rally In the critical battleground of Coachella right here, In, California.


He's also planning a big rally at Madison Square Garden, In New York. And he was In Michigan on Thursday ostensibly to deliver an economic speech at the Detroit Economic Club. But of course there were a few tangents. Let's listen, I'm here Today to talk about a subject. That has always been very dear to my heart. Saving the US auto industry, the fraud committed by 60 Minutes In C B s together, With the Democrat party working together, With them which will go down as the single biggest scandal. In broadcast history. I, an Obama disciple named Peter Baker. He writes for the failing New York Times. He wrote a piece about me and he said That I would go around saying that I was honored here years ago as the man of the year or whatever President Xi was.


And and I would say is a very good friend. We broke up a little bit. You know the way friendships break up a thing called the China virus broke us up the word grocery, you know, it's sort of simple word, but It sort of means like everything you eat, the stomach is speaking, you wanna know the truth. It'll be like Detroit, our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. I'm telling you I, just I want that super cut to get In front of some of those 1.5 million voters. Just this is, but this is why They don't want him out there. In front of these audiences like They just don't, they're too afraid he is gonna do this. I'm gonna be very curious to look at the local Michigan coverage tomorrow, tonight and tomorrow to see what it says.


So Far. It's a lot of, oh, Trump came to Detroit to give a speech and attacked Detroit That part. Yes, that's fair. But it like So, there's, there's some of that. There's there. The policy he rolled out was, he talked to, there was an auto policy, he talked about Bring jobs back to America I think he wants to make auto loans deductible. That's the policy nugget. That was In there somewhere. I I watched the speech while I was also trying to prep for To Pod. Saul was listening to the speech too. It was like So boring. It was, and it's also like even at the rally, the Trump rally, like we've All heard the rallies by now, right? But like every once In a while it's like kind of funny and he says something crazy and the crowd does what the crowd is just, it's like a serious policy speech.


He's So low energy. He sounds like So tired and he's just rambling and going on and on. And it was like hard to even find the policy In the speech or anything about the economy at All. I mean he just wanted like that thing about the 60 Minutes C B s the the greatest scandal. That was In. That was on the prompter. That was In. The speech that wasn't just like an ad-lib. He decided They then got put that In the speech for people who don't know on That, by the way, the 60 Minutes of Kamala Harris, If don't, and Ka, if you don't know. Congratulations. Congratulations. Put stuff On the back. Yes. The 60 Minutes interview, With Kamala Harris They asked her about Gaza question about Israel, about BB Netanyahu.


She gave this answer. And the Trump campaign is saying That, even though she gave That answer, there's part of the answer that wasn't aired on 60 Minutes where It was a little bit more of a word salad. The reason that the Trump campaign knows this is because It was In the very first fucking clip That 60 Minutes released from the interview. And they're like, Trump literally said that C B A should have their license revoked. They're the ones who put out the clip. It's, which is why the Trump campaign knows about it. It just didn't make it into the final interview. In 60 Minutes because every single interview that 60 Minutes does is edited for time.


It just like I mean, it's just also wild that Donald Trump a person who could be president of the United States and therefore In charge of the f C C is threatening a broadcast network. With losing their license for doing something. That No one can explain 'cause it's So fucking crazy. I mean you did an admirable job. It doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense. Also, It doesn't make sense. Rallies at Coachella and Madison Square Garden. What, what do, what's that All about? Okay, What do You think? That makes That that makes sense. Okay, We're Talking about it and I, th I do think In an era where politics are national and local media essentially doesn't exist anymore. Like the the, the walls around a state where you, everyone In, the state consumed Michigan TV and Michigan papers and Pennsylvania, whatever, that doesn't exist anymore.


And So, what he's doing is he's doing big things for attention and there is a very clear parallel to a Madison Square Garden rally. That is being raised by a lot of people online, which is the 1939 Nazi rally at Madison Square Garden. Oh, come on. People Are already doing You. We've seen It already. Today, right? I know I sent you the And So like he, it is a, this is gonna be, people are gonna be triggered by it. It's gonna be a thing. He's gonna fuel that outrage. That Madison Square guard speech is gonna get a shitload of coverage. Now he will probably step on a fucking rake when he does it, but it will get attention. Coachella similar. What about Trump Cell? Is That gonna be a big Trump cell I that is part, like there's a lot of these Trump, young voter manosphere, gen Z things That are kind of fake and maybe that's kind of fake too, but you know, It like It, it's All.


Should we, should we go to, should we go to Trump cello? We should send a correspondent Okay That's s Great. His name is Jon Lovett I. Think Madison Square Garden is just like he's from New York and he wants to be able to say that he filled Madison Square Garden. Yeah, Helix, he's All. This is his dream, right? And this is maybe his last chance to do It and I think his campaign. There there's, there's value I think there is s there's always this like going into enemy territory to do something. You know, Obama going to mega church In 2008 was an example of this Kamala Harris going to the border, A sort of example of it, like It, it will get attention now is that more valuable than a day spent campaigning?


In, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, et cetera. I think that's a, that's a fair debate to have. It does seem like their strategy In the Trump campaign for this final month is just like the communications messaging strategy is that there is No national strategy really at least outside of the bubble of people who are already Trump fans. With the exception of some of these podcasts. In the Manosphere. One more Trump story. Wanted to get your thoughts on before we go to break. Politico has some new reporting on Trump's push to win over the bro vote their words, not mine. Apparently the Thank You for stipulating That. Well, You know we get called Pod Bre enough I, this is bro vote.


Apparently the Nel boys hosts of the Full Send podcast are putting serious money behind a young male focused voter registration drive called Send the Vote. They're gonna be advertising on these manosphere podcast. The Hawk to a Girl podcast. I mean if you don't know what that is, we got listen, you listen offline, we've, we've already covered Do You whole Hawk to episode. Not a whole episode, but Max and I talked about the Hawk to a podcast. You mean when You say the Hawk You mean talk to a, because that's the name. Just Clear I know that's the name I I mean Look You. Say what You want about it. Think we That is a great name I know it's a Great name I think we played the trailer actually on offline anyway, they're also going on dating apps. They're gonna be hosting a music festival signing people up at tailgates at college football games.


That said the director of Send the Vote Muses openly In the piece about whether these young guys are actually gonna vote. What did You make of the story and how much does the strategy worry You That it may be successful. The Donald Trump strategy of targeting Gen Z men worries me a ton. We've talked on this podcast a lot. The idea that two people identified as online pranksters are going to spin up a super PAC on October 10th to raise a bunch of money to register voters where the registration deadline In some of these states is two and a half weeks away that I'm less worried about. That seems like a bunch of bullshit spun to a reporter In an attempt to separate rich people from their money.


I just can't tell I mean, having listened to a bunch of these, unfortunately these podcasts, That Trump has gone on like I don't know how much good it's doing him because he's like, as you mentioned on the Flagrant Pod podcast, like some of that is I mean. Maybe people listen to that and think That like Trump's a good sport for going on the podcast. But a lot of That episode was them laughing at him like, you know, Lex Friedman on his podcast seemed a little confused at times about Donald Trump, like, I don't I think once you get away from people who were definitely Trump fans and supporting him, which are some of these podcasts and you get to podcasts where people aren't definitely Trump supporters.


I I don't I don't know That he does as well, but who knows I think you, you only need to peel off probably a small percentage of young men. In these battleground states that if it's a, if it's tied, it could make All the difference. I Think the Flagrant podcast was, was bad for him. I think he looked, he looked weak and embarrassing on That. The other ones and I have unfortunately watched All of them and he It just, yeah, if you consume a whole bunch of Trump content and a whole bunch of political content where You have Kamala Harris, you have Trump, you're reading stories about It that doesn't look great. If You have No political content at All and Then All of a sudden Donald Trump shows up on your feed and he's giving You a bunch of bullshit, which you may likely believe 'cause You have No countervailing information.


No one has given you the other side of the case that could be impactful. It doesn't have to persuade everyone as You point out, just has to persuade a few people who would not otherwise vote to vote for him and So. Yeah, it is. Look, this is this. This is something to worry about. The Harris campaign is pushing back on It. It's why she went on the All the Smoke podcast. I think there's gonna be more things targeted at That Group Or I. Think Stern was a little bit about that. Stern was a little bit about that as well. And her, Tim. Tim. Tim Wall's, rally In, Arizona was on Twitch stream. With a With, a popular streamer. Yeah, Like All That. Did You see That? Yes, yes. Like All Keep doing All. That stuff. So pushing back on that like over the long term beyond this election, As, we I think we said before, Kamala Harris can certainly win even if Trump makes some gains.


With this voter group, there's real consequences for democracy if we allow half of our youngest fastest growing generation to become MAGA and So. Look, we're gonna have to figure out how to communicate With these voters. Yeah, agree. Okay, when we get back from break, you're gonna hear Levitt's conversation. With Senator Jackie Rosen who absolutely needs to win her raise In, Nevada if we have any hope of keeping the Senate.


A few quick things before we do that, Dan, I'm gonna throw to you for the first one, As, we mentioned the top on Sunday In, your Po Save America feed. You're gonna be getting the first of four special episodes of Polar Coaster. It's counting down to the election. The first episode is Harris campaign, senior advisor David Pluff and pollster Carlos Oio, who's an expert In the Latino vote, talking about what comes next. In, this election, we're gonna have a bunch of Great guests, So, check it out. And if you like It and you're, and you're sick enough to one even deeper dives into the numbers, You can join Friends of To Pod to get full access to Polar coaster Dan's s show and a bunch more subscriber shows here at Crooked, which are terminally online. Very funny show inside 2024 where US hacks talk about campaigns. It's a Great and and All kinds of other fun content behind the scenes crooked stuff. You just go to crooked.com/friends to subscribe, go for It, check it out. Or you can sign up for Friends of To Pod on Apple Podcast directly from To, Pod Save America Feed.


Also, we wanna make sure you're fully prepared for every single race on your ballot. If you head to Vote Save America dot com, you can get a breakdown of everything from candidate bios to ballot measure explainers, So. You can fill In every bubble on your ballot. With confidence, it's votes Save, America's build your own ballot tool. It is fantastic. It is like one of the best things. That Vote Save America has In terms of like information to help you make the right choice on election day. And to make sure that you're not confused by your ballot or the ballot measures or So. You can know more about All the different candidates running So. Visit Vote Save America dot com slash vote and you can create your personalized cheat sheet. Today, this message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com. This Ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidates committee.


And of course, lastly, we are All following the news about what's happening, With, hurricane Milton, and still the recovery efforts for Hurricane Helene. If you're able, please consider helping out You can do that. In just a couple of clicks at Vote Save America dot com slash relief. When we come back, US Senator Jackie Rosen,


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right. With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 Minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 In Cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free. With sling free stream to get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Autumn is In the air and like the leaves, prices are falling at Harbor Freight's parking lot sale going on now we've got tons of products on sale, like three ton jacks for under a hundred bucks. 5,000 watt generators, $250 off Plus dual Bevel Mitter saws at nearly half the price of the competition. Whatever You do, do it for less at Harbor Freight valid until 10 13, 24 most supplies last. So Hurry. In limitations apply.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So. If you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast. Free All, lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast, free to upgrade your selling Today.


Joining us, Today is the Democratic Senator from the silver state who's In a fight against a Trump backed Republican. Sam Brown. If we don't hold the seat, there is No path to keeping the Senate the stakes couldn't be higher. So No pressure, Senator Rosen Welcome to To Pod. Thank You for having me. We're just 20 some days out and we have to bring It home and deliver Nevada to the United States Senate. So Nevada has a ballot measure to enshrined abortion access. Your opponent has been refusing to say where he stood on the ballot measure until someone caught him on tape saying that he opposes It. Poor guy. Seems like he's In a tough political Pod and sympathy there.


Well, you know what? He's put himself In this tough political Pod and I wanna remind everybody who's listening that this is Sam Brown's third attempt to run for federal office. He ran for office. In, Texas supported extreme restrictions on abortion, No No, abortion, even In the cases of rape or incest. He says himself, we have his own words. These positions not negotiable for him, not negotiable. He ran a a anti-choice organization and he's only softened and covered up his position. In Order to win, like I said, this is his third try at federal office. Nevada's an overwhelmingly pro-choice state. This is fundamentally about freedom and a doctor's office or a hospital room emergency room is too small to have a woman, her doctor, and some politician sitting In there and So Sam Brown.


He says he will not vote to enshrine women's rights. Roe v. Wade into the Nevada constitution, and if You don't believe That, he will support a nationwide abortion ban. Then I can tell You, anybody who's listening, I've got some Great Ocean front property right here on the Las Vegas trip to sell you because that is who he has been for decades. On the record, So So, let's talk about that because yeah, N Nevada is not the only state where we have a make or break Senate race. We have a basic tie, In, the polls In the presidential level, and there is an abortion ballot measure. The ballot measures protecting abortion tend to pull ahead of the human beings who will protect abortion.


On the one hand, these measures bring out voters who care about protecting reproductive freedom. But on the other hand, how do You make sure That Nevadans understand That, even if They are voting to enshrine abortion access for Nevada, that the stakes for abortion access still matter A Great deal. In the Senate race and In the presidential race. Well, I'm really glad You asked That because honestly, this is why we're trying to get the word out that women, if we pass a nationwide abortion ban, women won't be safe. Right now. A third of Save America women don't have access to reproductive care. And you see In the news reports. It is tragic and unnecessary that women are dying, not getting routine procedures.


When They show up, In Emergency Room, they're sent home. Or the doctors who take an oath to Save lives, They can't even do their job because they're afraid they're gonna go to jail and They watch a woman die. And So. We need to let everybody know this. If anyone wants to know more, They can go to Rosen for nevada.com to find out what's going on here. Support our campaign to join the effort. But In Nevada, we are a state that appreciates our freedom. And if They go after a woman's freedom, Then, what's next? What's next? What else will They restrict So? It's our job to be sure we get the word out. Anybody that wants to join us, like I said, can go to Rosen for nevada.com. It matters. If You love, I'm just gonna say this last thing.


You may not be a woman, but you have women In your lives. If You love the women In your lives, your mothers, your sisters, your friends, your aunts, whomever, They are their lives could be on the line because of these restrictions. And So do It for the women that You love protect their lives. So, Donald Trump made a big show of coming out In favor of not taxing tips very clearly. Just sort of a, a, a, an effort to, to win over people. That live on tips. The policy that he put forward not fully fleshed out. There was a Republican version that actually seemed more geared towards helping the ultra wealthy. Kamala Harris came out In favor of not taxing tips.


With a policy that was I think much more well drawn. It wasn't just a a political play, an actual proposal has That. Are you hearing about that policy? It's very a, a big part of it. It seems to be about reaching the many people. That live off of tips. In, Nevada. Well, I can tell you, you know, I put myself through college as a waitress and So. I've saved those tips and envelopes and I know how important it is to make those tips. And I'm also chair of the subcommittee for tourism. And 25% of Nevada's workforce is In hospitality. It's a heavily tipped industry. So, being sure that we make sure That people can declare their tips and maybe not get taxes on them.


It brings more money home, In their pocket. What we have to do though, is put the guardrails, So, That, those big CEOs don't decide That their entire salary or bonus is a tip. And Then, They, don't pay taxes. So, you have to be sure You don't have loopholes. So the people who are your bartender or waitress, the people who actually get tips can get the benefit here. But there's even a bigger issue, which is about sub minimum wage. Now, In Nevada, we're really lucky. We have a super strong culinary union. Culinary 2, 2 6. I was a member of That when it helped put me through college and So every, every property on the Las Vegas strip. I think they're proud to say now is, is Union and So, They fight for those benefits, A pension, healthcare, safe workplace.


But a lot of people don't make a good enough minimum wage. And, and for I, think for servers, there's some cases where They say the average is three or $4 an hour, and So tips are variable. You don't know what you're gonna make. And So the issue is we have to raise up That minimum wage for everyone. We have to put guardrails on So. People actually do get the tips. See the benefit, like I said, not some corporate C EO who says, oh, my billion dollar bonus is, that's just a tip from my company. We do not want That happening and So, we have to close any loopholes. So. That's what we're trying to work on. Yeah, I mean So. It seems like one of the reasons I think this at least made some economists uncomfortable is it's, it's we more progressive taxation tax people who are are, are working really hard and not making That much.


Of course tax them less. But if somebody, if more of somebody's income is coming from tips Then, they're gonna be taxed less than somebody who's also working really hard and as a salary job and doesn't get the same benefit. Do you worry about That? Well, I, think That. We have to consider how we write the legislation and what we do because tips, again, are a variable for us. In Nevada especially not, not everybody, and not every tip worker is making You know hundreds of dollars a shift. And So, you have to be sure that you're protecting people maybe within a certain income level. People have to declare their tips. Why So? Let's say that you work In a state where you're getting sub minimum wage. Let's say you're getting That.


We'll even say $5 an hour on the average. Well, You wanna buy a house or a car? You have to declare your tips. In order to show That you have income. Now, most places aren't like the fabulous restaurants here, In, Las Vegas, You go to average your coffee shop or your diner, wherever That is, people are just getting by So. We have to be sure, like I said, that we have the right guardrails. In, because tips can be variable. They're optional. If You make a regular wage, that's what you get paid. It's not optional. And So, we have to find those ways, set those guardrails, So. It can't be abused by, by the corporate CEOs who we know love to take advantage of. That, everyone should be paying their fair share.


And we have to find a way to make It work for everyone. Expand the middle class. Tax cuts. That's another thing. That, we can do. So corporations, the Trump's billionaire friends They need to pay their fair share and the waitress at your favorite breakfast place. Wherever That is or waiter, let's not balance the budget on the backs of them. So. Speaking of tips, as You mentioned, you were a cocktail waitress at Caesar's when You were a student. What lessons did You learn from serving drunk, sweaty dudes that have prepared You for this campaign? I'll just tell you So I It was when I turned 21 and It wasn't yet.


People say, oh, how did You go from here to there? There was kind of a little bit In between, but I will tell You a funny story and Then a serious story. One thing I learned for sure, first of All, it's a really hard job. You're never allowed at Caesar's Palace. You are never allowed to set down your tray. If you're working, never allowed for the eight hours, you're there. Never allowed to bend over. You always have to bend up and down when you serve the drinks. And the other thing I learned, being a waitress is never make a trip. With empty hands, which still serves s me, Today. 'cause every time I go up and down the stairs, In my house, I, have a pile, always make sure That, every trip counts because you're trying to serve people as quickly as You can. Of course, like I said, I was a young 21, 20 2-year-old, a a young girl who couldn't have imagined where her life would lead.


And I was wearing my mother's gold lame shoes. And They put you In this crazy wig. And there were No pictures, In casinos at the time. But I I did get a lot of comments. I think I did look a little bit like a fish outta water there. But people were were generally nice. You tried to avoid the really drunk ones the best you could and just continue to do your jobs. If They got outta hand, the casino security helped them. But I Wish I still had my mother's gold lame shoes as a a a. She's No longer With us. But I do wish I still had those. The I mean look, not to put too fine a point on it, but I gotta imagine there are lessons. You learn about the importance of bodily autonomy when you're walking around. Oh yes, Cedar's Palace.


Oh yes, You know I. I'll tell You that, especially when you're young, that They at that time and still now I will say some of those, the outfits were a fairly skimpy They were very tight, meant to accentuate certain parts of your body. And a lot of comments, a lot of comments made on that. They I. Think That, the security there at Caesar's was very strict about being sure That people weren't touched really So much. But a lot of comments on you. You know, You, you, everything was They, They, They were pretty skimpy. Like I said, I was very young. So Do You think That. There's another person.


In America That C That has gone on from being a casino cocktail waitress to synagogue president. Oh gosh, you know what You know, that's a good question. But what I can tell you, there's a lot of people who here who worked In the hospitality industry to put themselves through school to when They first were young, They worked as busboy. You'll hear people, Catherine Cortez Matos dad was a beman at the Dunes Hotel. I Believe and Then, you know, and Then, he rose up and and did a lot of things. I think he was head of our tourism board. County commissioner In That for a while. I mean he's No longer With us and So. This is kind of the story of Las Vegas because That opportunity to make That money at and Then be able to build yourself up.


And I will tell you this, and sadly, women still don't get equal pay for equal work. I started my career as a computer programmer. I wrote computer software. And when I got my first job, I still didn't make enough money to pay my bills. And I worked at banquet as banquet waitress on the weekends. Lemme me tell you those trays and they're piled up. With, All, those, you know, the silver tops and you're like this and You better not spill those things. You go up and down a particular way. I spent a year working banquets till I finally got my first raise. Women still don't make equal pay for equal work. Only 25% of women are In tech. It's for another conversation. But I work a lot on that too. So I went from waitress to tech to the synagogue president and Senate So.


How does it All match artificial intelligence, working hard taxes and tips. We bring our whole story to the United States Senate to our jobs, right? Yeah. Well maybe that's part of why you are You know. Look, right now you're polling ahead of Vice President Harris In, Nevada. It's very tight. your drive race is tight. The the presidentials tight. But still, you know, you're, you're pulling a little bit ahead. Are You seeing Rose Trump voters? Or, or, or how, how do you explain the gap and how, how does the, the Harris Walls campaign close It? Well, you know, I can tell You that my race, it's about me versus Sam Brown. And since I came to politics, just I got elected In 2016 You know I lived In, Nevada, my family nearly 50 years.


I raised my, you know, I, worked as a waitress here, I started my career here, got married, raised my family. My parents are buried In, the Boulder City Cemetery and So. I'm a regular person who led a full life here. In, Nevada. So I understand sometimes the challenges, opportunities and how important our communities are and I feel that I'm very accessible. And because I wrote software, we listen, we try to give people what They actually need, not what we think They need. So, we've been able to bring millions of dollars. In resources like for boots on the ground, whether it's education, law enforcement, firefighters, and So. For me it's really a choice. Do They people wanna bipartisan one of the most bipartisan, effective independent senators, or do They want a MAGA extremist who's running?


We're gonna remind everyone because of Trump. For Trump will carry Trump's torch and doesn't carry his had 34 felony convictions. And this, he's running In his own ads, say to make Trump's tax cuts a hundred percent permanent. That's not gonna help. And Nevada had, I might be pulling ahead now, but we delivered the Senate majority by the slimmest of margins. 1% seventy nine hundred and twenty eight votes. We expected to tighten up Vice President Harris is here again this week talking to Latino voters. About 30% of our electorate. We have to be sure That, we turn out the vote for pragmatic problem solving for our futures and to invest In Save America expand opportunities.


And that's what I'm gonna continue to work on. Like I said, people can go to Rosen for Nevada. You can knock on doors. You can make a text. You can make a phone call. You can do whatever. Get involved it. Look, It, that's why you're here. People need to get involved. It'll help You feel good that you are, you have impact on what happens. I don't wanna get a I. John, Tommy and Dan and I are gonna come to Nevada. Yeah, why did You were there before We were there before. We'll be back. We're gonna come knock on doors, Go a restaurant on your way to the airport That Yes, that's right. We saw you at the, we saw you at a I was oh, we picked a good place if the senator was here, that's must be a good option. That's right. Right. We Won't, we won't plug the name because I don't get In trouble there. But we saw you on the way to the airplane. Yeah. After That So.


When Kamala Harris was on Howard Stern this week, They talked about seeing the U2 concert at the sphere, In Vegas. Her advice was everyone should go With. A clear head. I have to tell You I don't know that I could enter That sphere. With a clear head. I think I need to be altered In some way. Any any comment. The Sphere is mind blowing. And the the outside I ask tell people follow the sphere. It's got a personality of its own. What They project on the outside is just amazing. And when you go inside the U2 concert, I sadly was not there because we were busy trying to keep the federal government open. They opened on September 29th and we remember we had those tiered shutdowns.


Republicans thought was a really good idea to, you know, Wondery, if our government is gonna stay afloat. So I wasn't able to go to that. But I've been there since and I've been there on tours before It opened. The technology, the the sound, the, the imagery. It is like nothing you have ever seen. And I will just tell You, come here, see It, your mind will be blown. Absolutely. It's Unbelievable. I simply won't do it sober before we go. And That's a choice. And that's a choice, sir. We make, we All make our choices. Everyone should make their own choices. Everybody makes, we believe In Freedom Should be to vote for me. If you're a Nevada citizen, So, you're, before we let You go, you're a musical theater fan.


I wanted to do a lightning round. Whether You love It, You hate it or you've never seen it. Okay Okay Dear up, In Hansen, Oh my God Love It, love All, the songs. Absolutely. I'm a huge fan of Ben Platt and, and the folks Pasek and Paul who, who wrote it. And I will tell You that Alex Lamore, the musical director, who also was a musical director for Hamilton, knocked it out of the park. Me Lee, we roll along You know what I wanted to see it, but it's been only the last few years I've been very busy, but I have not been able to. But it's on my list after the election. Here's my controversial take. It shouldn't go backwards. It should go forwards.


I don't wanna see the end first. Now I know what's gonna happen. Well, yeah, That's true. That's true. Guys and dolls. Guys and dolls. Oh my God, I'm So happy you asked this because the reason I love musicals. My parents love musicals, guys and dolls is my father's favorite musical. A person could develop a cold. I'm not gonna sing, that's it. But you know, don't rock the sit down, you're rocking the, but I can sing every song. My parents, this was my dad's favorite musical. Camelot, GE and Dolls All of those things. In In, the 1960s They played on the record, but we had one of those big Hi fives. They had the TV and the record player They had those big units back. Then and That one.


That one I Love because of my dad. Have you ever seen Wicked, Have I ever seen Wicked? Oh, this is a great story. I'm glad you asked. So I was In New York around Thanksgiving when Wicked had just been open a few weeks. My, my husband was there to take some medical education. He's a radiologist. And So I asked the concierge at our hotel, what should we go see? And I ended up seeing Gypsy With, Bernadette Peters, which was fantastic. Amazing. And They said, there's this new musical Wicked, it's only been open a couple weeks. He said, you've gotta go see it. It's gonna play forever. It's about Wizard of Oz. And I'm like, well, Okay. But they're raving, raving, raving. We went to see it Blew your socks off No cast recording No.


Nothing. Adina Menzel. Oh my gosh, now I'm C Chenowith Eth C Chenowith. Joel Gray, original cast Three weeks. In It was amazing. And I think the movie's coming out too. So. We're gonna get to see That. I have a funny story. So, when But first saw Wicked I, saw I was working. In the White House. And if the, the president has a box at the Kennedy Center, and of course you You In can and you can re request, you can request seats. That are not being used. And there was two tickets available for Wicked So. I I invited my mother. My mother came and she and I went. And Good Mother Talk about choices. Perfect choice, Perfect choice. So, she and I I, I don't know anything about Wicked I. Actually, I didn't know I.


Just I was like ex I. I knew a little, but I didn't know really. I I sit down, With. My mother, the Defy, I I don't know about Defying Gravity. Defying Gravity comes out. I'm, I'm obviously gay. I'm like on my feet basically crying, applauding, having the best time I. Look to my right. Harry Reed's asleep. Oh, Harry Re I. I'm not sure the theater was, you know, we love Harry. He was very quiet. He doesn't usually go out much So, that's a pretty good one. But what I wanna say is this is a Great place to say def, I'm glad you brought up defined Gravity because this is what we're gonna do this election. We're gonna defy gravity, we're gonna choose a positive future. Kamala's gonna win.


With With, Tim Walls, we're gonna deliver the Senate, we're gonna deliver the house and we're gonna defy gravity of those who want to tear this country down. And So, when you were up there cheering for Defy Gravity, I hope. That's how we're gonna feel on the night of this November 5th of the election and beyond. Because that's what we need to do. It's a perfect That. That song is really a perfect way for us to be inspired I think And that's a great place to leave it. Senator Jackie Rosen. Thank you So much. Everybody. If you're, if you're far from Nevada, make calls, donate text. If you can get to Nevada, if you're In California, if you're In Nevada, if you're, if you're, if you can get there and do some knocking on doors, please do.


then we got win the seat. Who? The tour at night? What happens? In Vegas stays. In Vegas. Yeah. Except for the Senator. We wanna return to Washington to do good work. I love the theater stuff. I'll come out and do. I will never sing or act, do any of that. But I will have a lot of fun. With you on That one. Fantastic. Senator, Jackie Rosen, shenatova Shenatova, thank you. Happy New Year to every, everybody out there, Jewish New Year. That's our show for Today. Dan will be back on your feet on Sunday morning till Then. Everyone, stay calm, stay focused. And for our friends, In the Southeast, please stay safe. Bye everyone. Bye. If you want to get Ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of To Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends.


And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more Plus. If you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing It With, friends, family, or randos You. Want In on this conversation? Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer. With audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer.


Madeline Herring is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Hailey Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dure, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, ki Aviv, and David Tolles.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right. With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 Minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000. In Cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free. With Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do That. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So. If you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are. Scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast. Free All, lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast. Free to upgrade your selling Today.