
This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's the Daily Show. This year's Emmy winner for outstanding talk series. Every weeknight John Stewart and the news team are bringing you their signature Indecision 2024 election coverage. You'll laugh, you'll cry. You may even renew your passport no matter what choices need making. The Daily Show is Helping America in decide. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, continuing Indecision 2024 coverage. New weeknights at 1110 Central on Comedy Central and streaming. Next day on Paramount Plus,


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply safe Home Security. With the holidays just around the corner, it's time to make sure your home is prepared for the season. Simply safe Home Security System ensures your home is protected, whether you're traveling or staying, put their professional monitoring and easy to use system gives you peace of mind, allowing you to focus on the joy of the season. As you know, John Lovett has been brought great joy from his SimpliSafe system. You set it up himself. It has state-of-the-Art Centers. You can turn it on and off from your phone, and it's kept Lovett in pundit safe for years. Now. SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they break in. Old school systems only take action when someone is already inside your house. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard. outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it even happens. If someone's lurking around or being weird, agents can see them in real time, talk to them directly, set off spotlights, or even call the cops before they've had a chance to break in. Plus, there's no long-term contracts, cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day. For all this protection, SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. This week only you can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to Simply safe dot com slash crooked. That's Simply safe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like Simply safe.


Welcome, To Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor On today's show. Tuesday was for voting, Wednesday was for processing, and Thursday was for blaming. Just four. Yeah, Blame, blame, blame, Blame. Just 48 hours after Americans went to the polls, the Democratic Party recrimination, soul searching, postmortem blame Game pick your cliche, has begun. Plus and some critical good news for Democrats. Senator Jackie Rosen. Looks like she's gonna hang on in Nevada. We'll talk about the latest updates with the ballots still being counted in house and Senate races all across the country, and what it all means for fighting back against Trump's second term agenda.


I just hurt saying that, but first on Wednesday, Kamala Harris officially conceded to Donald Trump in a phone call and then gave her concession speech at Howard University where she hoped she'd be giving her victory speech the night before. Then on Thursday, Joe Biden gave his first public remarks since his Vice President's crushing loss. Here is a sampling from each To the young people who are watching. It is okay to feel sad and disappointed, but please know it's gonna be okay on the campaign. I would often say when we fight, we win. But here's the thing, here's the thing. Sometimes the fight takes a while.


That doesn't mean we won't win. That doesn't mean we won't win. The important thing is don't ever give up. Don't ever give up. Don't ever stop trying to make the world a better place. We're leaving behind the strongest economy in the world. I know people are still hurting, but things are changing rapidly Together. We've changed America for the better. Now we have 74 days to finish the term. Our term, let's make every day count. That's the responsibility we have to the American people.


Look folks, you all know it in your lives, setbacks are unavoidable, but giving up is unforgivable. Getting harder and harder to tell the difference between him and Dana car. So both Biden and Harris offered versions of it's gonna be okay. This is of course, after they both spent their respective campaigns hammering the stakes of a Trump presidency. Obviously that's a tough balance to strike. What did you guys think? And any other reactions to either of their speeches? I, I find that we're gonna be okay. Pretty insulting and patronizing to be honest. You're both giving these speeches because your theory of politics and of the future was wrong, but we all were wrong.


We're collectively wrong. That's just a fact. And like I have great respect for Kamala Harris and the campaign that she ran and the hand she played. It was a very difficult hand, but they're just not in a position to reassure us right now. And like they don't know. We don't know. And the we will make it through like, I hope so. I believe so. I think we have to fight to make it so, but a lot of people will be hurt. Like if we keep sliding back on like reproductive freedom, a lot of people could die. If we have mass deportations, there will be the children of American citizens who will not be okay if there are rollbacks on LGBT rights, there will be trans people and gay people who will not be okay.


So I am not really in the market for bedtime stories right now. I would like a little bit less reassurance and more vigilance and I think politicians getting up there and, and being our our our mommy and daddy, I am just not interested in right now. Anyone else wanna take the other side? No, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, can I think of middle ground? Yeah. These are impossible speeches to give. They, you're there to simply just acknowledge your, your own defeat and then thank your supporters and that you kinda have to do it. None of them are, are great. Some of them remembered more fondly than others. The hard part here is the absolute dissonance between the message 72 hours ago on the campaign trail and right now about what a danger Donald Trump is, that he is unstable, unhinged will be governing without guardrails.


And I think both the vice president and the president could have done more to acknowledge people's fear, people's pain they're feeling right now, their anxiety about what's gonna come in the country to, you know, speak to the fact that for the second time in through presidential elections, a woman has lost to someone like Donald Trump. I was just talking to my wife who is talking, was talking to her mom about not never having seen a woman elected president and trying to explain to her 6-year-old daughter why that hasn't happened. And I think this is hard to do, but a lot of people don't feel okay right now. A lot of people aren't sure that we're gonna be okay. A lot of people are very worried. And so doing a little more to speak to that I think would've been appreciated in the moment.


Yeah, just echo Dan point. We got a text from a friend I love who's like, I'm really surprised you guys didn't mention Kamala Harris' Race and Gender and the reasoning behind why she lost yesterday. And the reason for me is I, I have no doubt that it was a factor in a lot of voters' decision, but I don't have any data to ground that opinion in right now. And I also don't want the takeaway from that conversation to be, well now the Democrats can never run a woman for president again, because I do not think that's true. I actually think I, I I I think that would be the worst lesson to take away. So I think just to address, you know, what Dan said up front, I found both of their speeches to be like gracious and, and decent and especially for Kamala Harris because think about you. She just spent a hundred days pouring everything she had into this campaign.


She's exhausted. Even in her private moments, she's thinking about this campaign. She hasn't slept in months and she's expected, I think, to actually take on a bit of a parental role in the tone of her remarks and to, to comfort supporters and voters and people that loved her. And I understand that that might be grading to some people. Like there's a naive version of like, we're all gonna be okay. It's like, no, you don't know that. I think their point is we are all now charged with fighting to make sure that we're okay, especially for people that have it worse for us. And I think that was, that was the the takeaway I got from them. Yeah. It didn't bump me as much, just because I think we're gonna be okay is just almost everyone understands that it might not be true, but it's what you want to hear because people wanna be comforted in a time like this.


Like I'm sure we're all getting texts from people and emails. They're like, are we gonna be okay? Are we gonna be okay? And I, I don't assure anyone will be okay, but like we can be okay. Like it's possible that we can be okay. We don't know. I don't actually think it's useful to spend a lot of time predicting whether we won't be okay or will be okay. I think it's about as useful as predicting election winners, which is why I don't, I don't really focus on that, But silver modeled Ark Okay. A Thousand times, which I don't focus on that as much, but I kind, I kind of just took it as like, leadership is about trying to comfort people or inspire people or whatever. And I get, I take your point for sure, but I don't think it's, I it didn't really bump me as much. I had The same reaction to Brock, similar reaction to Barack Obama's remarks after the election in, in 2016.


You know what's funny is our friend Terry plt, who is a speech writer with us in the White House, just has a new book out. And I was doing a book event with him and in, in his book he talks about how the only time in his life he'd ever been disappointed with Barack Obama was that speech. But then he said, you know, looking back on it now all these years later, I'm glad he said what he did at the time. Because at the time everyone didn't want to hear that. But he's like, you know, he was right. He was right. So even though Biden and Harris both said nice things about each other in their speeches, it's knives out at the staff and advisor level. People close to both camps have been making their case to reporters pro Biden Democrats saying the president would've done better and that Harris could have run a better campaign. Pro Harris Democrat saying it was Biden's fault for deciding to run for reelection in the first place and waiting too long to step aside.


What do you guys think? Due to a blanket caveat, which is that, so we don't all have to repeat it. Running a presidential campaign and putting it together in a hundred days is nearly impossible. She did an incredible job. The biggest moment of the entire campaign, the, maybe the only one that mattered was the debate and she did better than anyone could possibly have expected. So blanket caveat, now we're gonna nitpick. Great. Okay. That's Starting a good top. 'cause I don't wanna just repeat ourselves. No, Do you want to go Will Happy to nitpick. I was just giving someone else the space to speak. Okay. Well, do you wanna start with the who, which side do you Right now? I'm gonna nitpick. So the, the substantive critique from the Biden people seems to be two things that she abandoned the kind of anti populist messaging and that she failed to respond to millions and millions of dollars.


These anti-trans ads that ran on every football game we ever watched. I didn't find those to be unfair or unreasonable criticisms. I mean, the 10th time I saw the, the Kamala is for they, them ad I wondered, boy did the, the Trump people know something that we don't know about how effective that ad is. And the New York Times reported today that when future forward, the big dem superPAC tested the ad, it moved the needle 2.7 percentage points in Trump's favor. And that it, the Harris campaign tested a response ad that didn't work well in focus groups. So they never ended up using it. And I think maybe it's fair to say that letting that go unresponded to was a mistake. Here's the problem with that. In the states where Kamala Harris campaigned the hardest, those are the places where she outperformed what happened in the other states.


Those are also the states that saw the most number of ads. So I mean, if you just, if you just said, okay, what was the effect? I mean, it's hard to measure all these different competing variables. It's, but if you just said, all right, there were states where they ran anti-trans ads and there are states where they didn't Trump did better in states where they didn't run those ads. That's just a fact of what Happened. Well, those, a lot of those ran nationally Even so there was a hundred million dollars dumped in Pennsylvania of anti-trans ads. And you can say, all right, well what was the impact of that money? Maybe it made things harder for her to claw back. Maybe she would've done better if those ads weren't there. I just, I just don't think we know right Now, broadly speaking, that's why like the one nagging feeling I have is that that kind of is resonating with me is because we felt it a bit at the time, and it was, which is that answer on the view, how would you do differently than Joe Biden?


And she says, well, I can't think of anything. Or when she's asked about why she, how she changed her record from 2020, she had answers that were about, well, I haven't changed my values. And they tried to deal with what was, I think a incredibly difficult substantive critique, which is you're in the Biden administration, you don't represent a break from the Biden administration. How do you respond to that? They tried to kind of weave a kind of more like vibes based message-based argument against that. And then in the same on her, how she differed because there, it was hard to answer that question of how she had differed from the position she took in the 2020 campaign. And I say, okay, could that be something that has an impact? But even still, I say, okay, maybe those were bad, maybe those were a problem.


Fine, I am still, it still seems very difficult for me to picture how she overcomes the fact that she had a hundred days to run this campaign. And so I am, I am much more amenable to an argument about Joe Biden's culpability, and actually I'm less angry about the decision to seek reelection. I don't necessarily, I don't think it was right. I think we're paying for it, but I'm more angry actually about the month after that debate when what happened was unequivocal and he made that campaign even shorter, eliminating the chance to even have a debate about who the nominee should be and also leaving her such a short, short space to mount a credible campaign. I mean, I just, I struggle with this entire conversation. I can, I can pick 17 things that maybe could have been done differently.


I can't pinpoint any of them or all of them that lead to a different outcome Yeah. In this race. That's true. And so the way I think to think about it going forward is to try to figure out what from the campaign, sort of overlaying what the campaign did with the results on what we can learn in terms of going forward. Like what are better approaches, better strategies, better messages. On that note, I do think it's funny for a campaign that was so good about tailoring their message to what tested well the, again, this was like a hobby horse of mine during the campaign, the price gouging stuff. Like she started with it and then it sort of fell off in the middle of the campaign somewhere, and then they kind of brought it back and it wa the economic agenda was framed more as small businesses, this gonna maybe give you this, gonna maybe give you this.


And there wasn't a lot of bite against corporations that were doing bad things. And again, I look, I'm just talking about going forward, I think it would be useful for Democrats to hammer that because you do need, people are, people are angry, people are dissatisfied mostly with the economy. And I think it is fair and also politically useful to go after corporations that are making record profits and screwing people over when they are screwing people over. You don't have to say all corporations are bad or capitalism is bad and not, not any of that. But like, I think it's a good thing to do. And she had a record on those issues as Attorney General that I think was very effective.


And I even voters that I talked to when I brought up her record, it, they that moved them. So, right. I think maybe the way to think about this is the democratic economic message has not worked in 12 years. It did not work in 2016. It did not work in 2020. We lost on the economy in 2022. We won, despite, despite our economic message, we lost the voters who cared about inflation. Did we have an economic message 2022? I mean, well we had Biden's economic record, Biden did all these things. Yeah, he talked about them. It Democrats ran, they did run a decent number of economic ads, but we won the voters who the 27% of voters who said abortion was their top issue. We lost the 31% of voters who said inflation was their top issue in 2022. And their economic message did not work here yet.


Once again, when you go through all the, you test all the individual policies, all our policies are popular, but we're getting hammered on the most important issue in every single election in modern history. And that is a thing we're gonna have to figure out to go forward because Donald Trump has built what looks like a multiracial working class coalition that could dominate politics for a very long time. I understand why everyone's calling it like the anti-trans ad. But I would even go one step further and say that the, that ad had an economic component to it because it was, what was it about taxpayer funded gender reassignment surgery for inmates who were undocumented immigrants? and it got right to the heart of a Republican argument that Democrats are giving your tax dollars away to everyone else, all these different interest groups, identity groups, people that, that aren't you and you're struggling, right?


Like that is what that ad was saying, which I think to the extent it was effective, I, you know, Republicans have tried to run other anti-trans ads over the last several years and other races that have not been effective. They've been A waste Of money. In other cases they've been a waste of money and they failed. I i, It just sounds crazy. It just sounds like a crazy Wait, they're doing that, that sounds crazy to me. How can that be true? Yes. Right. Yeah. So it turns out there's a third option here. Beside it being the Biden campaign's fault or the Harris campaign's fault. It was the Obama campaign's fault. It was Obama's fault. Here's a blind quote given to Politico by an anonymous former Biden staffer. Quote, there is no singular reason why we lost, but a big reason is because the Obama advisors publicly encouraged democratic infighting to push Joe Biden out, didn't even want Kamala Harris as the nominee, and then signed up as the saviors of the campaign only to run outdated Obama era playbooks for a candidate that wasn't Obama, it was outdated Obama era playbooks that won him two presidential campaigns, the best record of any Democrats since Roosevelt.


But anyway, I I just have to say something about this one, Please no, go. The floor is Yours. I am going to generously assume that the constant anonymous sniping from Biden world about Obama or Kamala Harris and everyone who worked for them is coming from like the same three or four people. That's, that's gonna be my generous assumption. and it does not reflect the views of most of the Biden folks just stipulated like Tommy's stipulation earlier. We All blanket caveat there, caveat, we all agree now we're gonna nip Joe Biden's decision to run for president again was a catastrophic mistake. It just was. And he, in his inner circle, they refused to believe the polls. They refused to believe he was unpopular. They refused to acknowledge until very late that anyone could be upset about inflation.


And they just kept telling us that his presidency was historic and it was the greatest economy ever. We just heard him again say that it's the greatest economy ever. Clearly 70 80% of voters don't believe that. They don't believe that about their own personal financial situation, but they just keep telling us that. And then after the debate, the Biden people told us that the polls were fine and Biden was still the strongest candidate. And the, and they were privately telling reporters at the time that Kamala Harris couldn't win. So they were shiv Kamala Harris to reporters while they told everyone else not a time for an open process. And his vice president can't win. So he's the strongest candidate. Then we find out when the Biden campaign becomes the Harris campaign, that the Biden campaign's own internal polling at the time when they were telling us he was the strongest candidate showed that Donald Trump was gonna win 400 electoral votes.


That's what their own internal polling said. So like, I don't have a lot of, I don't have a lot of, I, I just, I don't know what it means by the Obama era playbook. I, I think what Dan said yesterday about they're Just Matt, they just don't, they just, But let's just try to unpack it. I, I think what Dan said yesterday about trying to examine reexamine all the money Democrats spend on field programs is something that it's, it's a conversation worth having because like, I don't wanna overreact here because in 2020 there were people saying, well, the Biden people were too scared to get outta their house and knock on doors and did everything virtually. And that's why the margins were closer, right? So we kind of learn a new lesson every cycle. But I think it's worth thinking about that spend and the opportunity cost that said all that infrastructure was in place when Joe Biden was the nominee.


This wasn't like an Obama thing or a Kamala Harris thing. And then also part of this could be Democrats do need to go back to the drawing board when it comes to figuring out what is the coalition that we assemble to win, right? The Obama era coalition, that is, it seems to be, we've lost it. That is gone. Gone. That is gone. But on the idea that Joe Biden would've won, I think is what the subtext of that comment was. Again, there were polls showing 80% of voters thought Joe Biden was too old to get a second term before the debate. And then we all watched the debate. And then in the last few weeks, Biden was campaigning and he said, we need to lock Trump up. He created a controversy over whether Trump supporters were garbage. He said, you know, the weird thing about slapping Trump on the ass, like, hi, his moments on the campaign trail worked flawless either.


You can't, you cannot, you look, it's absurd. Two points. I want be generous. I don't wanna go off, I'm not, I'm done being generous. I wanna stay for the record. I also think all the TV money ad should be, it should be rethought to, rethought to, but more importantly, the idea that Joe Biden was going to do better in this race than Kamala Harris is on its face absurd. No one is making that case. There's zero data To support that There never has been ever. And No one is making that case with their name to it. That's what I was, and I was, I was gonna end by saying like, if someone would like to put their name on it or, or even come here and, and, and talk to us about it right here, we can have a nice civil conversation about it. They're more than welcome. and it, it's a lot better than just sniping to Alex Thompson and Politico and whoever else you wanna snipe, you know, leak to, which is what they've been doing for a year.


Well the suboptimal place we were put in after the debate was to go from a close to 0% chance of winning to someone who had a chance, but was probably an underdog in the race. And that's where we went and that's how it ended. We know that, we know that, we know that. We know that because over a hundred days of an extraordinarily well run campaign, she clawed her way back on all these metrics on which Biden was doing much worse. And she, and she lost by what, two points. And I, I like, I maybe one sign for hope in all of this is there's gonna be a lot of infighting, there's lot of people with different points of views about the future. We have to be generous with one another. We have to listen to one another. We have to be open to one another. But we can all unite and knowing that Joe Biden would've lost and deserves a lot of blame for the situation that we're in.


And maybe that's something that can bring us all together. Well, what I mean also, when Harris became the nominee, Obama people, Clinton people, Biden people like they all came together and that campaign and did a fucking got really close to winning, you know, and they all worked really well together and they all put their heart and soul into it and they worked their asses off, right? So it's like this idea that there's all these divisions and blah, blah, blah. It's like the people who just continue to do this. It's crazy because a lot of people from that work had a whole bunch of different bosses all came together to work hard to, to try to get her to win.


Pat of America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. There's a lot of offices out there. You got law offices, you got the Oval Office, got mobile offices, work from home. And while there's many different kinds of offices, there's one thing for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and you wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast is ZipRecruiter? Smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent. So you don't waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. ZipRecruiter's amazing. We've used it here at Cookie Media a bunch of times. You get a ton of candidates really quickly. We found great people, we hired them. It made the whole process faster and more streamlined and we highly recommend it. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


Patte America is brought to you by lmi. LMI might just be the smartest appliance you can own. It's like having an eco-friendly assistant that handles all your food waste. LMI is a countertop electric composter that turns food scraps into dirt with the push of a button in less than four hours it transforms leftovers that would otherwise go into the trash and stink up the kitchen into nutrient rich dirt. It's super quiet so you can run it anytime and you will barely notice it. Loomis amazing if you wanna reduce your food waste. We all take out the trash, but sometimes, you know, it takes a little longer than other times and things in there can get a little funky. That is not a problem if you have a Lomi because you just put the food waste directly into the Lomi and before you know it, it's turned into dirt. There's no smell in the kitchen, there's no gross stuff sitting there attracting flies. It's just a great way to do it. and it, you'll feel less guilty about the food waste you throw out every week. If you're ready to start making a positive environmental impact and make clean up a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. Head over to Lomi at lomi.com/crooked and use the promo code crooked to get $50 off your lmi. That's $50 off when you go to om i.com/crooked And use promo code crooked at checkout. Say goodbye to food waste and hello to a cleaner greener kitchen with Lomi. And with the holidays coming up, Lomi makes a perfect gift for someone on your shopping list.


Andros Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how cloud can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


So beyond the Biden Harris sniping, there have been a number of other broader critiques about the Democratic Party that we can talk about. Bernie Sanders, whoever the summer had lobbied for Biden to stay in the race, but then became one of Harris's most effective surrogates, released a blistering critique of Democrats' whole strategy and identity saying it should come as no great surprise that a Democratic party which has abandoned working class people would find that the working class has abandoned them and then blamed the big money interests and well paid consultants who control the party. And he expressed skepticism that we'll be able to learn our lesson. He later told the New York Times, it's not just Kamala, it's a Democratic party, which increasingly has become a party of identity politics. Rather than understanding that the vast majority of people in this country are working class, what did you guys think of Bernie's critique?


Is he right that the Democratic party has abandoned the working class? So my I, my problem with the statement, so I, I largely think that like there is a directional critique that I agree with, right? That like when Bernie came on Ponzi America and talked about, we're not talking enough about corporate influence over politics, the money in our politics. We're not talking enough to those concerns of the working class. Like I believe that I agree with that. I think the nuance that is missing here and I think is important is Joe Biden when he won. And one of, I think his great achievements and one of the things we talked about when we were beseeching Joe Biden to step aside, is that he listened, he brought in Bernie Sanders, he brought in Elizabeth Warren, he put Lena Khan at FTC, he canceled student debt.


He pursued an incredibly progressive economic agenda. Now I think we should think about why did that not resonate with people? Why did people not believe that? Why did people not see the effects of that? Why did people still not trust Democrats as messengers? I think those are really important questions that Bernie Sanders is gonna be very helpful in figuring out how to solve. But I think to say carte blanche Democrats abandoned working people is I think to embrace a part, a reality of our politics and the influence of money on our politics. And in part to embrace a Republican critique and Republican vibes. And I just think those things need to be separated out. Yeah, I, I feel Bernie's like rage here and, and he's got some fair points and his analysis of votes we're losing is absolutely right.


But I think the harder thing to reckon with is the fact that Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden worked together to pass covid relief money cap the price of insulin. They passed the child tax credit while Republicans voted against all of those things. The Biden administration was great on antitrust and breaking up corporations. Joe Biden fought for unions. He went on the picket line and then Donald Trump campaigns with Elon Musk, famous union buster and wins those working class voters. And so the question is, how does that disconnect happen and how do we fix that politically because we're doing the right things, substantively not enough. Not enough. And the messaging wasn't perfect, right? I've criticized the lack of economic messaging on the campaign before, but we're not reaching the voters we need to reach.


We've been dealing with this since the Obama years and I know President Obama thought, well we just, we should prove that democracy can deliver. And if we deliver for people, for working people, then they'll like the Democrats. Joe Biden certainly had the same theory and I I've thought that would be true as well over the last several years. And I do think that's one of the things we have to reexamine the idea that like if we deliver for working people economically, they will automatically, you know, start voting for Democrats. 'cause I think it's, it's more complex than that. The economy in politics is a cultural issue. We think of it in Democrats as a substantive issue. What are the policies we can stitch together to prove to them that we will fight for them?


But it's all vibes. Donald Trump doesn't have a policy director. He has three policies about taxes. That's it. And but he wins and all Of them would screw working people. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, and but we're losing because the vibe that he gets off, he is coming off as someone who was fighting for a certain set of people. And we are not giving off that vibe. I think you can have a fair critique about whether the Harris campaign used as much populous messaging as it perhaps it could. Yeah. Maybe that doesn't feel particularly natural to her. That's maybe that's not, she's not Bernie, she's not Elizabeth Warren. Yeah. She's not even Joe Biden of Right. Like Scranton Joe. Yeah. Era. But there's a broader issue here is that we are approaching the issue wrong. The last time we won an economic fight was in 2012 when that was, that was a cultural war.


That was an identity issue. Culture war, not, we had better policies that supported that. But that's not really what it was about. And just in case you think we're just simp for Obama here, like we get a lot of help because MIT Romney was the opponent. Yeah, for sure. For Sure. You know, and just seemed like a rich guy. Rich guy. You know, you, who else is an not touch rich guy? Donald Trump, right? How d culturally this is to your point. Yeah, that's right. How culturally different did Donald Trump and MIT Romney seem, even though they're both rich guys. But it's worth, but it's worth pointing out, right? Barack Obama wins a throw the bums out election. He b he he wins in 2012 against a plutocrat running a campaign against the plutocrat, which is an exception to the rule. Donald Trump wins a throw the bums out election, he loses his reelection when he's now the establishment, then he wins another throw the bums out election, right?


And so I do think part like, I wanna, I actually agree with everything that we're saying, but I also, like there are signs here that we can point to that like part of this is the, the, the, the, the energy Donald Trump brings. But part of it is also he got to just, he is a, he is a walking, fuck you. He, that is how he won in 2016. He built an even broader coalition of people who wanted to say, fuck you this time. And there's lessons we can learn from that. But we also shouldn't, I think overlearn those lessons. And it's a different fight when we're fighting as outsiders taking on an incumbent in a country that is extremely angry at the establishment. One more point on this, to Bernie's point that we've become the party of identity politics rather than understanding that most people are working in class.


It did make me think that after 2016, after Trump won, it became this sort of like punchline in liberal spaces that, oh, it was economic anxiety. 'cause someone said, oh, some, some people voted for Trump 'cause of economic anxiety and then you were mocked if you said that because really everyone just voted for Trump because they were a racist or a misogynist. Or a misogynist. And like a couple things can be true. There's like a lot of people who are say racist things and misogynistic things and who voted for Donald Trump, partly because they like that. There's also people who just, they did have economic anxiety and voted for Donald Trump despite his racism and misogyny. And I think that, you know, that's one thing if, if we're gonna be introspective going forward, is that like, yeah, there's some people who are just racist who do racist shit.


And then when we hear that, we don't necessarily have to say, well that means that everyone who voted for Donald Trump, the economic anxiety thing was just bullshit. It clearly Wasn't. That runs into a real, that argument runs into a real problem when his largest gains were with Latinos. Yeah, I just wanted One, one, just push back to Bernie though. Like Kamala Harris did not play identity politics or highlight her identity at all on the campaign trail at all. The opposite happened where republicans called her a DEI hire, so they played identity politics in the most racist, sexist way possible. And the Democratic party did not do that. She went out of her way, I would say. Yeah. Like, but that doesn't mean the Democratic party writ large hasn't focused on identity as, as part of the coalition. Well, we'll get to this, This campaign. Yeah, We'll get to this when we, I think we're gonna talk about it, but like sometimes a lot of what people are directing at Kamala or at Democrats, they're directing actually at the commentary out, they're directing at Twitter, directing at social media.


Exactly. And it, it's just so hard and infuriating because it's like we, we can't control those people. Ah, We've tried, But there's not a mute button at the DNC for all Democrats. But like, but you know, you know, Tommy, you talked about the effect of like organizing in field and like, you know, Ben Wickler pointed out all the ways in which organizing Wisconsin was what allowed them to be in a position to keep the Tammy Baldwin seat despite the incredible national swing. And I think there's like, I, I wanna just like, you know, I am not ready to say that organizing or field did not matter in this race, but what I do want to figure out is Donald Trump didn't need it. He did something else, right? He did podcasts, he had had these influencers behind him and like, what is he doing instead of field that we should be doing too?


Well that's a good segue into, in The way that being online is now real life. Yeah. Well that's a good segue to, we're gonna take through some of the other theories making grounds here. And the first is, Harry should have done more to meet voters where they are, as they say, including, but not limited to going on Joe Rogan. And more broadly Democrats need to run the kind of candidate who can go on those kinds of shows and mix it up. I think, I think we're all in agreement there. Is anyone not in agreement? No, I, yeah, I I am gonna, I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I I just think it's a, it's more complicated than she should have gone on Rodeo. Oh yeah. I I'm talking again, sorry. Looking towards the future, forget about like nitpicking the past, but like, yes, I think in the future, the whole conversation like why are you talking to this horrible person?


You shouldn't be on the set with them that you're, you're legitimizing them is like, yeah. Also, there's been a few people saying like, well we need a Joe Rogan of the left. and it, like, we were talking about this yesterday, which is like, that, that's to me is quite stupid on two fronts. One is like Joe Rogan wasn't built in some conservative lab. He's a, as Tom Tommy was saying this yesterday, like he was a television host and a fear factor guy got into MNA started hosting this show and had built an audience and then people went to that audience. The second problem with that is if there was a Joe Rogan on the left that appealed to the kind of people Joe Rogan appealed to, he would be vilified by people on the left for all of his heterodox and ways in which he annoys them.


It is very annoying and terrible that Joe Rogan is anti-vax. He has stupid views on a lot of issues that I don't agree with. But Joe Rogan was somebody that had had Bernie Sanders on when Joe, we, Dan you said this yesterday when, when Bernie Sanders put out that Joe Rogan endorsed him, people fucking went after him for that. And you know what, people are right to find Joe v Joe Rogan's noxious views noxious, totally. But I think we should be honest about the ways in which we've kind of pushed, like there's, there's this conservative media ecosystem that is directly partisan, right wing conservative covers politics every day. But now around it, there is this collection of comedians, entertainers, influencers who are not political, but feel much more comfortable on the right than they feel on the left.


And so I'm less interested in should Kamala Harris go on Joe Rogan or should we have a Joe Rogan on the left? And more thinking a how do we build the progressive version? We are trying to do that here at Crooked, but we need help of that kind of partisan infrastructure. And then how do we make those non-political hosts that have huge followings feel as welcome in our world and we as welcome in their world as they ca now currently feel on the right without giving up on our values, being honest about where we disagree, but being willing to go there and those people feeling comfortable with us. Yeah, I mean I think that the Lovett handled the infrastructure piece of this, and I, I talked about it last episode, but I think it's Rogan's sort of become a proxy for a broader conversation about like, should Kamala Harris have let it rip a little bit?


You know what I mean? Like, should, should Joe Ro, should she have gone on Joe Rogan, the arguably the biggest media platform in the country? Yes. Obviously she should have. But the, if you watched Trump's three hour rambling mess of an interview, you know, we all had the kind of a rar act test about what was our takeaway. And I think the takeaway for a lot of people was he didn't sound like a politician. You know, we made fun of him saying he does the weave. We called it being a rambling, incoherent oak man. Well, we thought he did Pretty well actually. Well, yeah, but like, you know, so I think that's the question is like, should Democrats have to find ways to communicate to people where they don't sound like they're reading a script or talking points? 'cause that was the narrative you started to hear a lot about Kamala Harris. There was a lot of tiktoks where people asked, Hey, like, Bruce, what do you want for dinner?


And it's like, well, I grew up in a working class family with the four Micah table, or people were, that was kind of a meme that people were making fun of her because she was so on message. Charlemagne asked her about this directly. She gave a good, great answer. Well, it was a great, we don't know. I mean, she gave an answer that you worked in the moment, but maybe it was a, a sign about a broader challenge that was never addressed. There are two separate issues here. One, there is what we say and how we say, right? There's what we say, the words that come out of our mouth. And as we talked about in our last podcast, which feels like seven years ago, but was yesterday, that democrats don too much like politicians. And that's, that is not, that's not Kamala Harris herself. That is everyone. Right. And also like 90% of Republicans too. Yeah, exactly. Just to, I mean, JD Vance sounds terrible.


He's bad in these forum. The second issue is how we get people to hear what we're saying. And that's what we are failing dramatically as a party. We have not yet figured out how to get our message in front of voters who do not consume news as a hobby. And you can see that in part, in the giant gap between how come there did in the Battleground states where we spent several billion dollars to communicate to those voters and where we didn't Yeah. Right. Lost six points nationally, three points in the battleground states. And that's because those people, they are consuming some information, but they are not getting our side of the story. We do not have a capacity as a party to tell our story on our terms to our voters.


And that is we don't fix that problem. None of the other things are gonna matter. We could have a thousand messaging discussions about how we talk about the economy or how we sound more like human is, is has been your hobby for us for 20 years and it won't matter 'cause no one will fucking hear it. Yeah. We could spend another billion dollars in ads and, you know, battle to a close to a couple points down. Well, or, or just that we, like we were talking about this before, recorded, like, ugh, all this, the fucking conversation about Tony Hinch Cliff's joke and the WhatsApps about the Puerto Rican community vote coming out in droves. Like it didn't matter, none of it was real. And or maybe it was real in the maybe 30 or 40% of the country that was tangentially touching the campaign. But that there's this vast tens of millions of people who are silent.


We are not talking to them and they're not talking to us. And so we can run these campaigns and maybe they'll help at the margins, but those, but winning or losing will be determined by the vibes in a place we don't reach. Yeah. All right. Another take, this one's embodied by Wednesday's. Brett Stevens column, You Know, it's a good Day. Pod Save America. When we're going to Brett Stevens. It's Been a while since we've done that. Yes. I will say re included this 'cause he said he was getting some texts from friends about the Brett Stevens column, and as he said, that says more about Reed's friends. I woke up and I had a text from text from my friend about the Brett Stevens column too. No text from my friends about Brett Stevenson. Not Me either. Never. Not a friend anymore. So Brett thinks that we're too annoying and elitist as a party that we focus too much on scolding voters into appreciating Joe Biden's economy and achievements.


I think we all talked about that Yes. Agree there. That we too quickly respond to even reasonable critiques of progressive ideas by labeling them racist or misogynist or transphobic. And that by going so hard after Trump's crimes and trying to get him off ballots under the 14th Amendment, we ended up validating the narrative that we were using the levers of power against him. Who wants to take any of that? I Just wanna just note that he begins this calm about how Democrats are kind of pedantic and prish with an anecdote about a jazz era chess master. Yeah. Brett Stevens is not, he's not in touch with the working folk or, Or particularly self-aware, right? Yeah. This, this is a man who tried to get a professor at a random college fired because that guy tweeted something mean That's right.


Yeah. Called him a bedbug. So, So, but maybe not the best messenger in The interest of a good debate. Right. A good debate Take Brett Stevens out of it, and let's just go with the message. I mean, yes, it is stupid to tell people the economy is great, what it is not. Yes. It is stupid to demand that someone agree that Joe Biden is actually FDR if they don't feel that way. Yes, it is stupid to scold someone who has different views. But again, what we're saying, like it's exasperating because there's not a democratic party mute button where we can shut up all our annoying supporters. He also talks about the prosecutions. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden couldn't tell Merrick Garland who to prosecute or not. They couldn't tell Alvin Bragg what to do. You couldn't tell prosecutors in Georgia what to do. Yeah. Did the prosecutions galvanize Republicans behind Donald Trump's candidacy and probably help deliver him the primary?


Yes, but no one's in charge of all of this. Oh, so Donald Trump broke the law. Maybe people who break the law should be prosecuted for breaking the fucking law. Yeah. The, The, the idea that like, okay, I would like to stipulate Democrats are annoying. Correct. Present company included, included Democrats are annoying. However, the things that annoyed you personally aren't necessarily the reasons Donald Trump won. No, I do not believe that the Colorado case about the 14th Amendment is what drove turnout in Arizona and Nevada. Gimme a fucking break. I've forgotten that happened Until I do, I was forced to read this Brett Stevens column out a professional obligation. But it, and, and what is also frustrating, as we were saying, is a lot of what annoys people like Brett Stevens and Elon Musk and all these people that are s that are, that are talking about, talking about this kind of thing is what they're, they're not really talking about democratic politicians.


They're talking about democratic activists. They're talking about shit they see online. It's, It's, if Twitter was gone, probably most of the people who piss off the Brett Stevens of the world, they wouldn't like, they wouldn't even hear their critiques. But so, but, but it is like, and I, the thing I like, look, there is a scolding, right? Like, and I think, I think for those of us online, not the democratic politicians, when someone says something that you don't agree with or that you think is racist or sexist or transphobic, one thing you have to think about is what does labeling that person racist, misogynist, transphobic, what does it get you? What does it do? Right. Sometimes it's just like, well, I did it because I'm, I'm angry, right?


So it's like, that's fine. But in terms of like building a political, you could also say, here's why that's wrong. Here's why I think that's wrong. Here's why that was hurtful what you just said. Right. Though, there was a, like a, from 2017 to now the like, check your privilege and do the, like, it just doesn't, it doesn't bring people in. So the is the only point that, but, But I would just say like, these are not the people running and losing elections. These are just people on the internet. And so to me it's like, okay, what it, what is it, what does it, what does that say about like the democratic apparatus and the kind of candidates it's producing? And I, I was thinking about this anecdote, which is that Hillary Clinton failed the bar the first time she took it. Hmm. and it turned out that she had studied incredibly hard as she did for every test she's ever taken.


But she had somehow, I can't remember the details, but she had studied for the wrong version of the bar. The bar had changed. And sometimes I feel like Democrats are front of the classroom, kids studying really, really hard for the wrong test. And a lot of our candidates feel like front of the classroom kids. And I think of Barack Obama who had a front of the classroom brain, but back of the classroom vibes, bill Clinton is kind of like that. Some, like Bernie Sanders is kind of like that. These are really smart people who are a little bit annoyed and kind of throwing spitballs at the teacher. And like that, like the, the Gretchen Whitmer has that vibe in Michigan. And so like I just, I am gonna try to be on guard to, because because by the way, I'm a front of the classroom kid and like I like front of the classroom, I was Elizabeth Warren voter because they built a, they should have a shrine in the, the front of the classroom for Elizabeth Warren, the front of the classroom person.


But Donald Trump is not that. And he appeals to a lot of people. And I think in part because of that and that, that is my takeaway from Democrats are annoying. I, There's, I think there, I think we're missing a point here, which is there are annoying Democrats. None of them have been our presidential nominees recently. Right. They're not our Senate candidates. Republicans are also annoying. They also have very intolerant views. They also respond to people in insane ways. The Republicans have an apparatus that lifts up the worst Exactly. Of Democratic commentary, whether it's a Twitter person, a random state senator from Maine, Or by the way, now just fake Yeah. Or fake. Right. This made up, they will just make up something crazy that a left that'll, that a le sounds like a leftist would say.


And then that, that's this, This is the power of Libs, of TikTok. Yeah. Right. Exactly. In this, in an entire apparatus. Fox has been doing this for decades now to brand the Democrats in a way, to bri to make the caricature of Democrats seem real to lots of voters. We do not have a similar apparatus to do that about Republicans. Right. The republic, like, do you remember in our intro video for a while at our live shows, we had that guy who used the example of Hitler, who was that random state senator I think from Oklahoma. That's So good. Yeah. Who like, use Hitler as an example of how you can make it from the streets to success. Like if we had that And Donald Trump said something, he then he praises Hitler and then he became president. Yeah. It's like what a country But There is, there is no apparatus to make that guy incredibly famous and emblematic of Republicans.


Yeah. And that's something that's one of the, that goes back to the other point about how we, how we're losing the information warfare. Well, And, but also, you know, Trump, Tucker Carlson, some of the biggest voices in conservative media, they call Democrats demonic and evil And unpatriotic. Yes. It's insane. You know what I mean? and it just, no one cares. Yeah. The Antichrist different audiences stuff. Well they call, they call de they, they think they're calling like democratic politicians that, you know, and what happens is they try to say that we think of other voters like this, they take that like, you know, it's The, it's deplorables politics, Depl and garbage and politic. And, but, and again, but they're allowed to say like, I mean imagine if like Elizabeth Warren when each other was like, I was in Tennessee the other day, what a fucking dump it is. It wouldn't be seen as politically helpful. But Tucker Carl can rant against San Francisco as a place.


Right. Trump said Detroit was a shithole, basically. Yeah. I, I mean, Again and picked up votes. And again, I was gonna say again, those people can say it and they won. Right. And we're losing so Well I, yeah. So that's something to think about for us. Well, this is why, by the way, maybe it's not fair. Maybe the world as it is not fair, but maybe we should think about how to win. But for sure, But also it's like, that's why I go back to like Kamala Harris saying we're all gonna be okay. and it's like, I don't know. Are people in the market for that? Is that what the leadership we need is right now? It seems like people want to want a li little bit more anger and a little more antagonism and like, we can do that in a way that Hasnt, we should, we should yell at voters more. I I'm not saying we should yell at voters. I'm not saying We should call them more racist. That's not I know, I know. Obviously I'm not what I'm saying, but I just, there's a kind of, there's an imperious vibe. Rest Is annoying. Yeah.


Some, some good points. But so are we. Everybody's annoying. He said some good


points. Anthropics Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team, Claude can help you do your best work securely. Discover how Claude can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores


For FCA Ram spot entitled first in line Black Friday Sales Event Ram combo Local 30 25 Ram 1500 Big Horn Crew Cab $11,500 MABC, black Friday Sales Event 20 publicist November 24 30 second radio full mix and stereo code number C-R-D-R-D-T two five S zero zero. The Ram Black Friday Sales Event is here at your local RAM dealer right now. Current FCA lessees can finance and get $11,500 total cash allowance on the 2025 Ram 1500 Big Horn crew cab with a gas powered V six engine. Go to ram.com to find your local RAM dealer to take advantage of this Black Friday offer. No turn-in required current vehicle must be registered to consumer for at least 30 days prior to purchase financing for well-qualified buyers through Stellantis Financial. Not all buyers will qualify. Residency restrictions apply. Take retail delivery by 12 2 24.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home projects, you know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started@angie.com.


Lastly, there are those who say, this wasn't really about Trump at all. It was about prices in the global anti incumbent mood. We talked about this a little yesterday and we are in danger of overlearning our lesson because MAGA only works for Trump. What do you guys think? Yes. You mean the biggest factor is the political environment, right? That supersedes every tactical strategic decision every that the Harris campaign made. That the Trump campaign made the Trump, Chris Las and Susie Wildes will be seen as geniuses 'cause they won this race in the most favorable political environments someone could possibly imagine. And that's just how it works. Yes, it's true that MAGA only works for Trump, but Reagan only worked for Reagan and then they won more. One more election after that.


And the Reagan, the coalition that Reagan built lasted for three presidential cycles and Bill Clinton kinda had to win with the Reagan coalition. It did not change again until 2008. So we had 28 years of basically the Reagan coalition working. And this is the, the urgency of our task is to make sure that the Trump coalition does not exist beyond this election. And it's not a guarantee that that automatically falls by the wayside if Donald Trump's not the top of the ticket. Yeah, I mean, John Byrne Murdoch at the Financial Times at this chart for the first time since 1905, every governing party facing an election in a developed country this year lost vote share.


First time that's happened in since 1900. And that is like center left party, center right far left far, whatever it is. So there was an anti incumbent mood. I do think that like there's also been this rise of authoritarian movements all across the world and you can, I think adequately blame inflation for sort of accelerating that. But it was also the, the forces were there before the pandemic causing this too. And I think one of the projects we have to figure out is like how we drain the appeal of autocratic regimes and demagogues so that people who might feel economically stressed, sort of like they've been left behind, overlooked, whatever it may be, actually don't vote for them and then vote for, you know, pro-democracy candidates.


Yeah, I, I was thinking about this too, and it's like, you know, I know a lot of people listening have been feeling this too. It just like, how did this happen? How is it even close? Does it make sense? I still can't make sense of it. And I do think we'll also look back on this era and say we went through a, a traumatic once in a once in a hundred year pandemic, millions of people died. It melt, it meant it messed with all of our mental health. It messed with our sense of safety, our sense of security, our sense of the world. And I think what we're talking about here is, yeah, maybe it really is just anti incumbency, right? Maybe it really was just anger and inflation, but we gotta make sure the door doesn't lock behind us because that, that's the risk here. And I think even if it is true, I think we should live as if it is not, we should do everything we can to fight back as if this does represent a real kind of, of a, of a real change.


We have to figure out how to argue our way out of, because of what Dan said. I think anti incumbency is very real in the largest driving factor. But I, and I'm not suggesting you guys are doing this, but I don't think we can let ourselves believe that that was all of it. I do think Trump has a unique appeal in the Republican party and he outran a lots of down ballot Republicans and he's obnoxious person and in many ways the worst candidate we all could imagine. And somehow we did better than we thought and we need to sort of reckon with and understand that. And then also there were discreet issues where voters were like telling us for a year that they're mad about something and the Democratic party refused to listen. And my biggest hobby horse on this is Gaza.


The war was raging for a year. The Biden administration walked through the uncommitted vote process, a hundred thousand plus people voted uncommitted in the, in the Democratic primary in Michigan. And they didn't change a fucking thing about the policy. And then the DNC comes around and no Palestinian is allowed to speak and Arab American Muslim American voters feel pushed out. And then when you look at precincts in Dearborn, Trump won Dearborn, Michigan with 42.8%. Harris got 36, Jill Stein got 18, it's half Middle Eastern in 2020. Biden won almost 70% of the vote in Dearborn. And again, I'm not suggesting those margins would've changed the outcome of the election. Obviously there are broader forces at play, but when demo, when when voters are like, we hate this thing you're doing and you keep doing it.


And what, and what we're talking about here is outsourcing US foreign policy to BB Netanyahu, one of the worst people on the planet besides Donald Trump, like the Trump of his country should listen to them. We, we, we have like you can't just not course correct in a situation like that. I think we are also not fully analyzing the impact of Kasab when we limit it only to Michigan. Definitely because it's, there are like 4% of voters in the exit poll said that foreign policy was their top concern, which to me, I find personally shockingly high. Hey, Those are my people. Trump won them 55 39. But it's just the year long impression about Democrats too. Young voters, because of the Biden administration's approach to Gaza mattered.


I mean there's a gigantic shift among young voters, particularly young men. Is it only Gaza? Of course not. But it, it did become a reason not to trust the party among voters we need. Well, I'll say too, it's not, I mean just, you know, we're all in supportive the Ukraine against Putin's invasion here. But when you look at polls and you listen to focus groups, what comes up even more often than Gaza Yes. Is like, why are we sending money to Ukraine or Israel and Gaza? Right? Like it's absolutely, it's, it's all of it together. So you have some people who obvi like as as I am, are like, I can't believe the fucking slaughtering Gaza is being allowed to continue right now. But also like a lot of other people, why are we sending so much money overseas?


And you know, you can argue about how much we're sending and relative to this and that and the other thing. But like that's a, that's a message that broke through. Alright, so did we fix everything? I think so. Any other, to make any other takes on, how did Caveat at the top do it for us? Does that work? I think we talked about going forward anyway, there's gonna be a lot more, we're gonna have a lot more research in, talk to some really smart people. Dan, you're gonna talk to some folks for a special Sunday edition of Pot Save America. Right. I'm, I'm gonna talk to Carlos Oio, our friend who is an expert in Latino vote and Sarah Longwell from the Bulwark about, we're gonna dig in details about what actually happened and maybe some lessons about going Forward. And are you mostly just gonna yell at her about Kamala campaigning with Liz Cheney? No, I am, I'm not, I'm not gonna do that. No. We forgot to talk about that.


You know, clear disaster for the Whole part. Well Guess what? We got a lot of Podcasts to go. So My sense is a Democrat Hass been around a lot of losses. This, this conversation's gonna continue for a while. Especially Now. Yeah, we've been there. Yeah. We're doing the same thing we've been doing. All right, let's talk about the Senate in the house where things stand with congressional control in the Nevada Senate race. It's looking better and better for Jackie Rosen. AP hasn't called it as of 1:00 PM Pacific Time on Thursday, but decision desk HQ and John Ralston's Nevada independent have the AP has called Pennsylvania for Dave McCormick. But Casey has not conceded the Casey campaign still believes. And there's lots of ballots that haven't been counted and they think they could come out ahead.


So we shall see on that one. In the house. It's a more fluid picture. There are 29 races that haven't yet been called. That includes a lot of races that are, you know, probably gonna be the Democrats gonna win or the Republican's gonna win. But the count just isn't done for whatever reason. Within that number, there's about a dozen swing races that aren't over yet. That includes Marcy Captor in Ohio, who's ahead a tiny bit. And her race has gone to a recount. And then of course races in California and Arizona where we canvassed, where the final count will likely be determined by on the ground efforts to cure defective ballots. Something's wrong with your ballot, you signed it wrong, you did something wrong, you get a call, you can fix your ballot and they will count it. Democrats, including our friends at Vote Save America believe there is a path still to a razor thin house.


Majority more on that in a minute. Just so everyone understands, what's the real world difference between a Republican trifecta, Democrats getting control of the house? If we win the house, Donald Trump will pass no legislation in his entire presidency. That's cool. I like that. Yeah, that's a big one. That's no national abortion ban. If they want, if they try to do that. No repeal of the Affordable Care Act. No budget cuts. No huge tax cuts. Gut. The IRA No, that's right. No gutting of the IRA. The CHIPS ACT stands. Thank goodness We should, it's a good, it's creating jobs all over the place. Place don't The way you said it. Yeah, I know, I know I do. That's why I did it. What do we know about the map and these uncalled house races?


What are you, what are you thinking? I mean we, we just, we know from 18 that, that in California it could take a while. Does take a while. And then at the end in 18, that's when a lot of the democratic ballots came Out. It could take a while and it's gonna be tough. I think there's a wrap. Six races in California, two in Arizona, so it could be a while. And the question in California primarily is, is the remaining mail vote that still has to come in, going to be as democratic as it has been in previous elections? If it is, we get A very good shot. Male ballots. Not male. Not male versus female. Yes. Yes. Male ballots. Male ballots. Yes. Yes. The male ballots we know are not good for us. s that, did females send male ballots? If so, we got a shot. That's it. Okay. That's a, that's good take. Let's talk about the Senate. We know Republicans will get control. So here's the map. In 2026, we can flip Maine.


'cause Susan Collins is there and either we beat her or she might retire. Murkowski in Alaska is a wild card. I don't know. That's a wild card. So now you know, oh, here's a good one. North Carolina, Tom to Tillis, that's a possibility. And then it's like Texas again. Yeah. Yeah. Sean Cornyn's up. It's Cornin, so it's Texas, it's tough. And then after that, it's Ohio, Iowa. 'cause there's gonna be a JD Vance replacement. Ohio, Iowa, Montana been there and Nebraska again. So it is a, and to defend, we have to defend Ossoff in Georgia. Gary Peters in Michigan, and Tina Smith in Minnesota. Jeanne Shaheen, Mark Warner, Jeanne Shaheen and Mark Warner. Yeah. So that's our ossoff's hard, obviously Peters is hard.


The def the defend seats aren't as hard as they were I think this time around. But flipping after you get, after you get through Collins, it's, it's a tough map. Tom Tillis should be beatable. He spells his name with an h Th yeah. That is stupid disqualifying. That is dumb. That's something that's good. That's, see this is the kind of creative thinking I can say that this is the kind of creative strategic thinking. We needed a Democratic party as, As a, as a baby named adult Tommy. I can say that.


Now that we've talked about the stakes, let's talk about what you can do. These uncalled house campaigns, they could use your support. They, they need to fund legal challenges. They need to keep paying staff salaries as the courts continue to count. And then an easy thing you can do is help people cure their ballots. They need volunteers to help people do that. And to reach out to people. To find out how you can help, you can just go to Vote Save America dot com. It's really important. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


It's unbelievable. I have to say that every time. Yeah. I just, I I have, I don't think we can. I think we have to. I just don't believe it. What, what, what, what are laws anymore? Trump Trump's president. You have to say that every time. What's gonna happen? I mean, for us again. Yeah, I guess, yeah, I guess the laws wrong. We're on the wrong side of the law now. The, The first law, the FEC ever enforces will be a Trump FEC case against us. Anyway. How are we all feeling? You guys Terrible. I, I've, I'm doing the, the, the stages of grief in reverse. I'm on anger today. I'm pretty mad. Yeah, I woke up. 'cause I, I hit myself with too many of the takes this morning. That's What well, honestly, MAD's better than sad and I'm really enjoying the stupid fucking takes. I am. It is getting, it is keeping me, getting me putting one foot in front of the other. Alright, well everyone enjoy your takes, but more importantly, enjoy your weekend and Dan will be in your feeds on Sunday with a great new episode.


And then Tommy and Lovett and I will be back in your feeds on Tuesday. Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer.


The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Tolls.


Hi, I am Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. And one thing I've learned is that you buy a house but you make it a home because with every fix, update and renovation, it becomes a little more your own. So you need all your jobs done well. For nearly 30 years, Angie has helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter. From plumbing to electrical roof repair, to deck upgrades. So leave it to the pros. Who will get your jobs done? Well, hire high quality certified pros@angie.com.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. be ready to sell Wherever. your customers are scrolling or strolling. upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast Free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast. Free to upgrade your selling today.