
When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust made in it's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson. And I. Use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com. This week we're going all out for the Democratic National Convention. Here at Crooked Media, we're giving friends of the pot subscribers access to a ton of behind the scenes content and community events, including A DNC subscriber Live chat.


A new subscriber exclusive segment featuring me, John Tommy and Dan Four Count 'em four back to back ad free episodes of Pod Save America recapping the biggest convention news of the night and brand new episodes of Inside 2024 and Polar Coaster. It's gonna be a hell of a week for content. And as a bonus, we'll have a Democratic Party nominee by the end. Pretty good deal. Get all of our exclusive DNC content and more when you subscribe to Friends of the Pod. Head to crook.com/friends to sign up now.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Jon Fabre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor. On tonight's show, Barack and Michelle Obama rally the troops at the DNC, the one and only Julia. Louis. Dreyfus stops by to talk about why she's involved in the convention and all those Veep comparisons with Kamala Harris and our own Senator Lafon Za Butler. A close friend of Kamala talks to Lovett me about what the VP is really like and why she decided like Joe Biden to serve just one term. She also called me pretty weird, but I really like her. Yeah, in fairness it's 'cause you called yourself weird first. But anyway, So, We, it's a good conversation. He's our JD Van. Tune in. Hey, that sucks.


What you doing in that chair, buddy? Look, you started the interview as JD Vance. You ended it as Tim Walls. Nice. Okay. Nice. Okay. Alright. So, we are recording this at 11:00 PM on Tuesday night. Better than last night, which is Lovely. Yeah, yeah. We're, we're doing better. Oh, Half an hour better every night. Half An hour better every night. Who knows what happens by Thursday night. It's just after night to the convention. So tonight is traditionally the night when the, the big festive roll call happens to officially nominate the presidential and vice presidential candidates. This year, of course, the official roll call happened virtually to make sure we didn't run afoul of the state ballot deadlines. But you know what? We're the party of fun now. So Democrats decided to do the ceremonial roll call anyway, and it was actually really cool.


Yeah, it was a really cool part of the night. As usual, the delegates cast their vote state by state, but this time they played a state specific song with at least one surprise in-person appearance from obviously Little John, who's from Georgia by tradition. The nominees home state delegation. California went last to put her over the top. And then there was an unexpected move. Here's a super cut of how it all went. We're here Tonight, Harris for President. As Nevada's first black chair, I proudly deliver the Silver State's 48 votes. President Texas cast three votes president and 263 votes for Freedom California.


We proudly cast R 482 votes for the next president, Kamala Harris. But now a special surprise live for my home state of Wisconsin. Vice President Kamala Harris. The delegates at the Democratic National Convention. Well, they just completed their roll call and they have nominated Coach Walls and me to be the next vice president and president of the United States of America. What'd you guys think of that Milwaukee move? I Think we should set the stage. It's not just he was in Milwaukee. They filled the Fiserv forum, which is where the Republican convention was last month.


Yep, yep. And it was a raucous crowd and a perfect set. And they did it live, which is a risky maneuver. Two full stadiums. Well, Especially for, for All. the issues last night with going over the fact that they orchestrated the whole thing tonight. So that literally like the roll call ends and Newsom puts her over the top in California and then it just cuts to her walking out on stage. Awesome. With a huge crowd. It was amazing. It was so good. The stage craft, like a lot of people had a hand in that that probably don't get a lot of credit. That's amazing. It was Just so people like, we were all watching it and we were just such earnest, we were just so earnestly like excited and it like, just sort of That's so fucking cool. Don't look at me and Dan, you know, we weren't here. We were up in a sweet Well, Dan, I I was sitting right here.


I Was, I missed You were talking with your daughter. I was. Yeah. Oh, that's what happened. Oh, I was doing Itsy bitsy spider with Lizzie. Yeah. Yeah. I thought we were in the suite. Which is fair. Which is totally fair. Yeah. It's a good excuse. What'd you guys think of the vibes in general before we get to the big speakers? Vibes Are good. Vibes are good, right? Vibes are good. Vibes are good. It's a good day. We're drinking now. We're having a good time. Vibes are good on day two. All right, let's get to the speeches headliners tonight. Were a second gentleman. Doug Emh and Barack and Michelle Obama. We're just gonna take them in order. Let's listen to Doug. I got Kamala's voicemail. And I just started rambling. Hey, it's Doug.


I'm on my way to an early meeting. Again. It's Doug. I remember I was trying to grab the words out of the air and just put them back in my mouth and for what seemed like far too many minutes, I hung up. By the way, Kamala saved that voicemail and she makes me listen to it on every anniversary. But that's when she called me back and we talked for an hour and we laughed. Well, you know that laugh. I love that laugh. Did So, should we, should we talk about why we missed Doug's speech? The Live part?


Yeah. So. we were about to watch Doug and then our friend Ben Kraus, who's in the speech writing room. He said he was gonna bring us down to the convention floor. To the podium area. To The podium area where you literally, I've never been down to the podium area. You're literally standing on the podium, but behind the stage that you see. It's very cool. Yeah. Like we watched Doug come off and greet his staff and everyone was elated. Elated, I think is the best word. And then we walked out and we were gonna go out to, to watch the, we we're gonna watch the speech and then, and then we, we were walking down the hall and we saw Barack Obama's assistant Amos, and he just pulled us in. We got to say hi to, we got to say hi to Obama.


How are you? Pretty neat. Give him a little good luck. He needed that. He needed the good luck from us. Yeah, he did. He was like, all right, get outta here. It's so annoying. 'cause he did not even seem a little bit nervous. No, not a hair. It's his, It's like his superpower Fifth convention. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he was fine. He was fine. Yeah. It was cool. Doug's speech was fantastic. Now that we, We watch it, we came back. We have seen the speech. He's so charming. He is a charming guy. I love how much they like, it's so authentic, how much they love each other. I from, you know, when they were at the State of the Union and they found each other. Yeah. And you saw Kamala looking it up at Doug up there. I've, I like, I've always loved it.


I I just, I do. I genuinely, they, they just love each other. There Is something so relatable. And I know this from experience as someone who knows they punched above their weight in getting married. Like Doug knows he got lucky and that Kamala's amazing and he, like, he probably wakes up every day. He is like, I can't believe Kamala Harris married me. Even if she know The theme of the speech. Yeah. And it is, it's so relatable to people in the same way that Tim Walls is this archetype that's relatable to people. Doug Emh is exactly like that. Everyone knows Doug Emh. Right? And I. They understand that relationship. They understand who he is. And this was one of the most effective convention speeches I've seen in a very long time. And to get like all political strategic about it, like we've talked a lot here about this like debate over masculinity and like young men and men sort of like leaving the Democratic party.


And I do think like between Tim Walls and Doug Emh, like you are seeing in this campaign, like models of men who are just like good guys Yeah. And like good models for like men to Be and aren't threatened by their, by by the success of women. Yes. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Aren't all bothered by That's what's been beautiful about Doug from the beginning, that you can just see that he, he loves being the plus one. Yeah. He loves it. He loves being a, he's on a plus one world tour. Yeah. I used to be on a plus one world Tour. I like calling him Doug. I also like Colin Wall's coach also. Oh. Just again, a little behind the curtain. Look here we were sitting around, we were all talking about how, you know, like we all had a sense of what Obama was gonna say. You could sort of had a sense of what Michelle Obama might say.


We're all like, we don't really know what Doug's gonna talk about. Yeah. And the only preview was a message about the need to combat antisemitism around the world, which is a very important message, but absolutely a different tone than what we ultimately saw. I'm so glad that what we saw was a speech about Doug explaining why he loves Kamala Harris. Oh, one other thing that Doug did that was so beautiful really reminded me. So Bill Clinton, 1992, he said, this was when they were making fun of like Murphy Brown and single mothers. And he said, if you don't feel welcome in the Republican party, come come be part of our family. It was a beautiful moment. Yeah. Basically Standing up. It was very Nice for lots of people whose families didn't look like the platonic ideal of 1950s television. And it was a big deal that Bill Clinton did that and said like, there's a lot of people that live like that and like have deserve to feel loved. And I.


There was something so beautiful about Doug, just unapologetically, unabashedly saying we're a blended family. They call her Mala. She's an incredible stepmother. We've it was complicated. I got, he said, I got divorced. And, and we figured, and yeah. And And I figured out and Kamala took, I thought she'd be good for our family. And she was, and that, that sort of like direct honesty without feeling at all self-conscious. Like you have to pretend to be some other version just to, to it it was a recognition by the way of like, it's respect for people. It's respect for the viewer, for voters that I really, really liked. It's just like Being in touch with real life. Not the refracted view of politics that we have. Where it's like you have to have this perfect marriage and your life has to go a certain way and it's just comfort in your own skin.


It's understanding like this is what everyone knows, right? They know blended families, they know mixed race couples. They know step kids and step moms. And it's like, that's just like normal stuff just presented to people. And it's not welcome or discussed about the Republican party in the same way. Well, because the, the primary strategy of the Republican party, particularly under Trump, has been to otherize their opponents Democrats. Right. They're weird, they're different. Barack Obama wasn't born here. Now We do the weird Thing now, Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris is, you know, the, the biracial thing. Is she, is she Indian? Is she, you know, is she Indian? Is she questioning, is she black? Right. And I think a theme of tonight we're gonna talk about the Obamas as well, but from all three primetime speakers, Doug, Michelle Obama and Barack Obama was like, Hey, we're pretty normal Americans in the year 2024.


This is what the country looks like. This is what we sound like, love our families, love our country. Like it's a really powerful message. And and it's why it's the way people vote. Yes. They don't Google your list of policies and compare them and bust out the abacus and like total up what it means for them. They're like, I like this person. They seem like me. They will fight for me. Which Barack Obama directly says in his speech, Michelle Obama got at that too. It's all about values and who you are and your character and how that informs your leadership. Yeah. That's what people are looking for. The speakers tonight understood the assignment. Yes. They knew what they were supposed to do. All of their speeches were not about themselves. Even Doug Emh Hall's speech was not about himself. Right. It was all about Kamala and their family and what she did for their family.


It's what Obama and the first, the former first lady did it is just, they got it and they executed on it in a very effective way. And it's always good to see a, you know, a strict scrutiny guest. Make it big. Right? Yeah. No, a guest and a A guest of a guest. That's right. Yeah. Because Con Harris went to the strict scrutiny show, Which is like also one of the most charming things. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause no one knew we did. Like, she just, she just showed up at the strict scrutiny show, the live show in DC sat in the front row to cheer on Doug. She's like a guest of scrutiny. We're now three circles removed from the Kamala Harris interview. We seek. Yeah. We're gonna get Her. We had it before. We're we're Gonna out, she'll be back. I ran Into her on an airplane once and she came up and gave me a hug and shook that.


Like she couldn't have been nice. She's like a normal person. She's friendly, she's nice. That's who She is. Extremely normal. All right, so after Doug, Michelle Obama took the stage, whew. High expectations for Michelle Obama. Right. Because she always gives the most incredible speeches. She always knocks it out of the park. And man, wow, she fucking met them tonight. Yes. Incredible. If not exceeded them. Let's listen to Michelle. She understands that most of us will never be afforded the grace of failing forward. We will never benefit from the affirmative action of generational wealth. If we bankrupt a Business, If we bankrupt a business or choke in a crisis, we don't get a second, third, or fourth chance If things Don't go our way.


We Don't have the luxury of whining or cheating others to get further ahead. No, we don't get to change the rules. So, we always win. If we see a mountain in front of us, we don't expect there to be an escalator waiting to take us to the top. No. We put Our heads down. We get to work in America. We do something. Unfortunately, we know what comes next. We know folks are gonna do everything they can to distort her truth.


My husband, And I sadly know a little something about this for years, Donald Trump did everything in his power to try to make people fear us. See, his, his limited narrow view of the world made him feel threatened by the existence of two hard work and highly educated successful people who happen to Be black. So, wow. That was, I mean, that was one of the best convention speeches I've ever seen. I I mean, I think the way she tied Kamala Harris's mother and her own mother and wove their story together to talk about her values was incredible.


The way she sliced Donald Trump in half and made him so small and, and went harder at him than almost any other speaker, but did it in language that was just less harsh and, and nasty. It was unbelievable. There was also a, a whole section where she, where there was some very real shade thrown at annoying politicians who demand to be stroked and loved and donors who need to be called. That was very funny. And, and you could felt deeply felt really, Really interesting. Oh, that's what I was actually thinking. we, we went down, we watched her on the floor, which was awesome. And what I, what I was thinking about when I was watching the speeches, she doesn't like an amazing and very difficult job of speaking both to people that barely pay attention to politics.


Yes. And the hyper-engaged partisans and, and pundits and politicians and activists with a message that kind of works for both Totally. Like we is really an incredibly impressive So this like stop checking 5 38 and do something. Yeah. Yeah. Which I will not do, but I will do something. But I will also check 5 38 mean you can do both. You Say both go to vote Save America dot com. That's, we're actually doing It To Be doing something. Be 75,000 volunteers to show up. We got 40,000 now we need 35,000 more in the next 25 days. Votes Save America dot com slash 2024. That's, wow. Look at that. That's pretty good. Pretty good. That's I'm saying I want 75,000 on top of the 40,000. I like that Lovett. I'm not, it's not inclusive for me. Dan, what'd you think?


I would When they go low? Lovett goes higher. Sorry. That's right. Continue. Continue. Barack Obama is the best speaker in the Democratic party, but the second best speaker in his family. Yeah. I Mean It, which he said in his Speech As well. Yeah. It is just the way, like every person who is in politics should watch all of Michelle Obama's convention speeches starting in oh eight. And every single one, And I watched the 2021, which is one of the starkest warnings about Donald Trump. Because you remember they were just videos. They were like, they were just two camera remarks. And she talks like a normal person to normal people. There is no speechifying, there is no like lofty rhetoric about the founders or you're not like cosplaying the Kennedys in your head when you do it.


It's just like, it's, it always sounds like if you've ever had a conversation with Michelle Obama Yeah, it sounds like this, right? When she's telling you to do something, she's asking you to do something. She's explaining something to you. It sounds like this. And it is just so effective. And in her 2020 speech, she said, you all know I hate politics. Right. It's so me doing this tells you how serious I'm paraphrasing here the situation is, and that's the vibe, right. She's not political. and there was a genuine love and affection for Kamala Harris that was so powerful in there. Yes. Like that she understood her life, she understood her experience, a kindred. And they have become friends.


Yeah. They're, they're close friends. They both Live in dc they hang out. They, it's Just, it's very, I thought it was just very, very meaningful the way it was done. I've been thinking about the reason that the way she went after Donald Trump was so effective, like why that was And I think it's like we've heard so many lines from politicians, politicians we love over the last however many years now about Donald Trump. And some of them are like really harsh and really slam him. And I think that like her indictment of him was like the most devastating, even though it wasn't as sharp because like she told a story about him and about like what he represents versus what like Americans actually value in life.


And she did it with like a certain subtlety that it wasn't very subtle to like ev everyone understood that it was like a full frontal attack, but it's always bothered. I, I have this thing where everyone who criticizes now, like when they go low, we go high. I think it's a misunderstanding of what that meant. I've always thought it was a misunderstanding. She was not saying with when they go low, we go high. Like they get down and dirty and attack and we turn the other cheek and we had, and we turn the other cheek and do that. Which she, she, she did it. She kind of corrected it tonight. She was like, it's, they're really small and we have to go really big. And that's what she did in her indictment of Donald Trump. It was much bigger than like cheap applause line attacks. It was like, he does not stand for what we value as Americans.


And I thought it was like so much more Powerful. There's something I I look Doug's speech into Michelle's speech, into Barack Obama's speech were I think pound for pound the three best speeches in a prime time that I've ever seen And I think it's because each of them started from a place of why am I here and what is the single most effective thing I can do? What is the speech only I could give? That's the most persuasive speech I can personally give for Kamala Harris. What are the strengths I to achieve The goal to achieve that we're all here for, which is electing Kamala Harris present. Every Person on that stage tonight cares and understands how important it is to fucking win. And what they were focused on is trying to figure out the best and most exquisite case that they can make based on who they are, their values, their experiences, their their kind of place in, you know, whatever American politics to make that argument.


And they each did that and it was incredibly effective. And, and one thing I think like, well it's a feeling I feel when I watch them now post-presidency, And, I wonder if you guys feel this way, which is that they, I worked for Obama from 2004 to 2013. They endured so much racism and bullshit in just like vicious attacks, especially Michelle. Yeah. And they had to, in some sense turn the other cheek on those attacks, or at least not directly call them out as racist when they were, for example, the birther stuff. We never said, Hey, that's racist. Yeah. Donald Trump stop doing that because we knew Barack Obama would be called an angry black man. He'd be accused of playing the, playing the race car.


Right. It'd be the OJ trial all over again. Right. Well, and he, he took a high road, but now he's like, I don't have to do that. And she doesn't either, and they can just be brutally honest and respond to him in the way he deserves Donald Trump. That is, But even now, they also knew that like, it's not like they just had to turn the other cheek because they would be accused of playing the race card. They knew that. Like, again, to Lovett's point, politically, the best thing to do to actually like win the election and advance the cause is to not get yourself baited into what the Republicans want. Which is like an argument and debate over identity and over race. And even the way she did it tonight when she said like, and he is, he wants to make people afraid of just two of us, of two people who just happened to like work hard and become successful and rise to a high station in life who happened to be black.


Right. Who happened to be black. And like, just the way that was just like a perfect way. It's Elegant, it's an elegant phrasing. Elegant. But she's directly calling out the racism in the attack, Of course, but, but in a much more elegant way than I think most Democrats do. Yeah. There Is just something about the way a lot of the Democrats last night when after Trump, it was very overly online. It's like referencing something that went viral that Trump did, or some controversy only known to the yes to political junkies. It's very like M-S-N-B-C. You didn't think Twitter didn't, video was good. You Didn't work Or pot positive American referential. Right. And the way the Obamas did it was they talked to people who about Donald Trump where you would understand the critique if you don't follow politics, because that is our audience.


Right. That is the only audience that matters. It is not to like send a thrill up the leg of Democrats who are going to vote no matter what and, and work hard no matter what. Those democrats Were thrilled in there, lemme tell you. Well, yeah. I mean, and she again, particular, the reason she's so good is that she like the, the, the audience in the room was like just, it was crazy. It was electric And no one rode the applause better than her. She fought, she shut down so many silly chants and things going on. She's like, kept going. Yeah. All right. Last but not least noted, Chicago native Barack Obama closed out the night with a speech to the delegates. Let's listen. Here's a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he wrote down his golden escalator nine years ago.


It has been a constant stream of, of gripes and grievances that that's actually been getting worse now that he is afraid of losing the Kamala. There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories. This weird obsession with crowd sizes. It, it is one of the oldest tricks in politics from a guy who's act has, let's face it, gotten pretty stale. We do not need four more years. A bluster and bumbling and chaos.


We have seen that movie before and we all know that the sequel is usually worse. America's ready for a new chapter. America's ready for a better story. We are ready for a president, Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris won't be focused on her problems. She'll be focused on yours as president. She won't just cater to her own supporters and punish those who refuse to kiss the ring or bend the knee. She'll work on behalf of every American.


All right. So I should disclose, I, you know, once the staff are always a staffer, I, I volunteered to help a little look at the speech a couple times. I mean, Don't knock The three changes I made in the speech There was, there's one very important change. Well, we don't, We like, I we don't, let's not let people be high. we don't wanna let, we had One very important change that I just do. Dan, Dan included the dick joke. Oh, Dan the dick joke. Ah, That makes Sense. Just so you all know. He just, he just, that was just in the moment. That was just in the moment. He just put his hands on the podium. I don't know, maybe it wasn't direction Or maybe, maybe maybe he knew all along, but that was a dick joke and nobody else did but him. I will not comment on, or what'd you guys think of Obama's speech? What, what, what is this journalistic ethics you've adopted for one second?


Well, isn't A journalistic ethic, it's just weird to be like, oh, well I was like talking to him about the speech. And I, His badge, his badge has reporter. All of a sudden it's gone to his fucking hate. Jake Chap over Here. We watching this guy for a long time. We, Because of him, I think our conflicts are well known. Here's My, here's what I was feeling when I was watching speech. First of all, it was very moving. Especially there's a, he, he talked about Michelle's mother and how much it reminded him of his grandmother. It was very emotional. I what I was thinking when I was watching the speeches, we've, I think one of the most frustrating and dispiriting parts of the last decade has been for a lot of people voting against Trump, stopping Trump at all costs. It's obvious. Yeah, of course. You must stop this man. Of course this person shouldn't be in power. And for a lot of people it isn't obvious. Like it feels like it shouldn't be 50 50.


And yet it is. And what I really appreciated about this speech is instead of ringing our hands and being like endlessly sort of like, why is Trump here? Why is Trump here? This was a speech about why it was obvious, why it should be obvious. Right. What are the values that he doesn't uphold? That if you think about it, if you're reminded of what you care about, it'll become obvious. This was a speech about making it obvious to people for whom it is not, why obviously somebody like Trump shouldn't be in power. And it was an incredibly effective argument for that reason. I agree with that. That's great. The, I think one thing I'll just see is being in the room, 'cause I don't think it came through on tv, is that there was obviously like uproarious applause at times, but people, especially when he was like talking about the country and polarization and the kinda country we can be and should be like the audience was wrapped.


Yeah. Like they could not take their eyes off. It was like a very, very powerful place to be for that conversation. It was like he had the audience in his hand. Just, the thing I would say about this speech is, and this has been true of every Obama speech dating back to 2004, is that most politicians and particularly Democrats, particularly in the Trump era, operate from the assumption that the only things that ke, the only thing that keeps people from voting force is ignorance. And Obama has always understood that people who may not agree with us come at that from a place of experience and knowledge. And that is there our job to persuade them. It's not just that we yell our message in their face loud enough, they'll get there. It's that they have a set of experiences in their lives that may make them feel not immediately welcome in our party.


and our, it's our job to welcome them in. And this was true of the first of Michelle Obama speech. It's true rock Obama is you're starting this release of persuasion, right? Everyone is someone we have to persuade and they've, and if they don't agree with us, they don't agree with us on everything. But the reason they don't agree with us iss not because they're wrong or they're stupid or they don't follow the news or they're ignorant or they've been hoodwinked or whatever else, it's that something in their lives has not worked out the way they wanted, or they don't full, or they just in their life experience don't agree with us on things, So. we have to go get them and bring them in. And that is just such a powerful force. And it's just so different than I think what we hear a lot in this era from politicians. Yeah. I mean, honestly, it, it brought me back to 2004 and being on the floor, the DNC in Boston and, and some of that was like very purposeful and deliberate.


There were allusions to those lines. Like conventions have always been good to, you know, a skinny guy with a funny name was the line in 2004. But it was also a patriotic story about freedom, about being an American, about things we have in common. Shared hopes, shared dreams. It was just like a, it's a beautiful vision of America. And of course like 2004, you got your policy section for Kamala and you got your tough hit on Trump. Like there was a tough hit on Bush back then, but ultimately, like, it was a speech for everyone about bringing people together. It was patriotic and it was a, you know, just like a guy who loves the country and wants you to too and wants it to be a little bit better and thinks we can make it better if we try to come together again and get past the last eight to 10 years.


Basically, he Approaches these speeches like an organizer because he was an organizer. And to, to Dan's point when he talked about the speech, he, he would say, he, one of the first things he thought about was towards the end when he said like, sometimes we think that winning is all about like out yelling the other side or scolding people or, I mean, this is what your point, right? And what we really have to do is actually like, go out and listen to people and talk to people and persuade people and like give people the grace that we would give our loved ones if we don't agree with our loved ones. And, and, and similar to Michelle, right, you make political points by talking about relationships and the way that we are with people that we love and it's about values, but not in the like consultant value talk.


Like talk more about the middle class syn optimism and this like, Just shout, Just name your values as You work, right? Yeah. But like real actual values, like the way you go through life. And the, the other thing he he really wanted to do, and he did in the Trump section was, and, and this has actually been a theme of a lot of the, the speakers, which is, you know, Trump has been seen and talked about as a threat to democracy. We talked about this last night, an existential threat to democracy, which we all believe he is. But you know, nine years into this fucking Trump era, he's also like a clown. He's boring and a fool. Yeah. And attacking him that way. And, and Julia Louis Dreyfus talked about this with us during our interview that you're gonna hear.


It's like the way to like go after the supposed strength of a, of an autocrat or a strong man is to just make them seem foolish because they hate getting made fun of. And he sort of mock Trump and Michelle mock Trump and like the, I think mocking Trump while still acknowledging, and Obama acknowledging the speech too, that he can be dangerous. Like clowns, clowns with a lot of power can still be dangerous. We've all seen it, right? Exactly. Yeah. We all get it right. But that's an important point. But you gotta, but like, and just like, and just like name, like the exhaustion, the exhaustion of having a person who is, wants to be a leader who is in our lives All the time who only fucking cares about himself, is only complaining about himself whining All the time and contrasting that with Kamala Harris, who cares about people who is like wakes up thinking about people.


Like that is a powerful contrast. And it was, it was Biden's contrast as well. Yeah. Right. It's like a through line from the whole campaign. Yeah. It's, there's something about what, what Obama is doing up there, which is, he is, he's not saying you're not wrong to be pissed or that there aren't people that you wanna scold that are frustrating you. He's saying it's not the most effective thing. And being effective is all that matters. This was an night about being effective that it would, the speeches themselves were models of what it means to be effective and what he is saying in the speeches, this is how you be, is Donald Trump a threat to, to us? Absolutely. But what's the most the most effective case? And you can make, and one of the ways that we, we can be Effective and what do you do if you're talking to someone who doesn't think Donald trump's a threat, but if you still need to get their vote.


And part of what he's saying is, Hey, we wanna be a party. People wanna join. Right? We wanna be a place that, that everybody feels welcome. Does that mean that people aren't wrong and hold views that we find abhorrent? Of course it does. But what is effective, what is practical? What brings people in? And that like, that was just so refreshing. This was a night about winning. There has been so much Talk over the last month about how the parallels between Kamala Harris 24 and Barack Obama oh eight, right. The just the, the PAC crowds, the energy. But I think like just we've known them for a long time, they see those parallels too. Not in ju not in the superficial crowd and way, but just in the kind of campaign she's running and the kind of politician she is.


Right? She is running a fearless campaign where she knows she's the underdog, right? Like do we, it seems like a small thing for most people out in the world, but pulling off going live at your convention is a situation where one person tripping over a wire could embarrass the shit out of you on national television in front of 30 million people or whoever we're watching tonight. But they did it anyway because they, you know, Barack Obama always says, if your name is Brock Hussein Obama, doesn't matter what the polls say, you're an underdog. And if your name is Kamala Harris, same thing. You're an underdog and she's running like an underdog. And she's also trying to build a movement that's about people, not her. Right? It's like Kamala Harris for the people. Kamala for the people is what, or a future for the people and just, and you just, I just really felt their passion for her and what she stands for and the kind of president she would be in those remarks.


They were putting it on the line. Michelle Obama did not have to speak in this convention. Yeah. She wanted to. Yeah. And it's oh eight, like in that people are genuinely excited about her and people are getting involved and reading about politics who normally don't pay a lot of attention. I think we're all probably hearing that in our lives. What's different than oh eight is, look, I, I didn't agree with John McCannon on a lot of issues, but if he had been President And I was like, well he's a good man. You know, he's got a core decency to him. He'll do some things that I think are abhorrent, but I don't think that he's gonna damage the country. Donald Trump is an existential threat to the nation to democracy. And also people are excited about Kamala Harris. That's a pretty potent combination. And The other thing that's similar is that Obama was about turning the page on an era that had been going on for an overly long time that was basically like Bush's running against Democrats for a long time.


And this is Kamala Harris represents an end to this nine fucking years of Donald Trump. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And the Democratic Party has not gone forward since Obama, you know, to his great credit, we went backwards, right? Hillary Clinton ran, right. And then Biden stepped up and ran. And we have not, we've never hit the post Obama era. We've never turned the page unless we've had almost a decade where every single moment was about Donald Trump and Kamala Harrison. I think the people are so excited is there is a promise of something different. Right? And that is what her campaign is not about Trump, it's about her And. I think that is very compelling. And that's sort of what you heard in, in some of Obama's remarks tonight. I also think a OC last night, Doug Emh, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, all very different people.


Some in politics, some not, by the way, some different ideological persuasions. Just, just Shout out Doug, you're in that sentence, man. Great job. Incredible. Somebody, an entertainment lawyer married up that would be an amazing dinner party that You would not think there's like a common thread that like binds all those people together. But they all did something similar with their speeches, which is like, invite people in to this movement, to this party who may not pay close attention to politics, may not necessarily be with us. And all of them were trying to grab people who just may not necessarily be with us. There's a, to bring them in. There's a moment where Doug, that I really liked where he said Kamala Harris is a joyful warrior, but, but just because you're joyful doesn't mean you're a warrior.


She's a warrior. And there's something about that that like the thing Trump does is throws people off their game and they're just not being thrown off by Trump. She's not running away from being joyful. They're celebrating the laugh. They're like, they, it's really is a campaign that also just reflects the lessons of the last nine years. It's figuring out, it's like it's this, the Democratic party has adapted to Trump and in Kamala for the first time, you really see a campaign that's built around his moves that that kind of sees ahead of his moves. Well, And Michelle did a good job foreshadowing to at one point she was like, and things are gonna get tough. Yeah. And people are gonna get nervous and she's been there. Yeah. And you're gonna see the polls and you're gonna, it's gonna happen. Like everything's feeling great right now, but times are gonna get tough. And when they do keep this feeling, keep this work going, you Know, she, she goes so big, but then she also goes real small and it's like, you are going to get to work.


You're gonna make that call, you're gonna give money. You're not gonna whine about God getting touched by the political director. I Lovett, she's so actionable with her. Like demands. The last thing I would just say is if you are a Democratic politician, you're a speech writer, you're a wannabe communications director. The speeches you just laid out a OC Doug, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama. Watch those speeches and don't emulate the cadence. Yeah, right. It's not the cadence. It's about copying them. Especially since they're all so different. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Just look at how they gave the speech. Look how the speeches weren't about themselves. Look at how they told a story. It's just, look at how they were not trying to go vi. None of them were trying to go viral, Right? No, it Just, it was just a Lot of Barack Obama stuff like in the room. Like you said, it wasn't like thunderous applause.


Yeah. Because he was like thinking about the audience. It's hard to pick out a moment too, because it really is like an argument made over the course of a speech. It's a lot of amens. Yeah. Mind us, it was. You guys hear the guy last night when Biden was speaking, he kept being like Joe in his bag. I love that guy. He's so funny. It was so good. All the guy was my favorite. Enough. Enough of that. Later in the show, you're gonna hear our interview with Julia Louis Dreyfus. But when we come back, our really fun conversation with Kamala Harris's good friend and our senator from California Lafon Butler. And We came away, we're huge fans. Save America has brought to you with PolicyGenius.


We're here at the DNC. Be honest, it's making me feel pretty excited about the election and the future and the wellbeing of this country. But it is also a good time to think about your own family's future and wellbeing. With life insurance. You know, your family will be protected. PolicyGenius helps you find the right life insurance policy at the best price. So you have one less thing to prepare for. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. In just a few clicks. You can compare quotes from America's top insurers and find your lowest price.


If you need guidance, there's a license support team ready to answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. Since they don't have an incentive to recommend one insurer over another, their advice is unbiased. Join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who have left five star reviews. Be ready for the future with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com/crooked or click the link in a description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/crooked Po Save America is brought to you by Aura Frames. Here's the thing about birthdays, they happen all year, which means there's probably someone you should be buying a gift for right now. Give them something really special with an Aura Digital Frame ranked the number one digital picture frame by a wire cutter.


Aura Frames are easy to set up, update and enjoy. Plus Ora Frames can be preloaded with photos and gift messages. So whether you're giving the frame to your sister, grandma, or your mother-in-Law, you can be sure your gift is personalized just for them. The best part is that it comes with unlimited storage. All you need is the free Aura app and a wifi connection. And you can upload as many photos and videos as you want year round. Aura Frames is great. It's a great present for parents, grandparents, so they can, they can keep up with All, the All, the new photos of the family gotta keep up. It makes a great gift. Highly recommend. Right now Aura is having their very first friends and family sale and there's an exclusive offer just for pods, Save, America listeners, for a limited time only, you can get $35 off their bestselling frame by visiting aura frames.com and using the promo code crook at checkout.


That's a URA frames.com promo code crooked. This is their best offer of the season. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply pods Save America is brought to you by Oracle. AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete with costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle.


So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/psa. That's oracle.com/psa oracle.com/psa. Joining us tonight, fresh Offer convention speech here in Chicago is California's junior senator, our senator, and a long time close ally of Kamala Harris. Lafon Butler, welcome to the Pod Senator. Thank You for having Me. So you have known Kamala Harris for 15 years. A lot of the country is just getting to know her even though they know that she's vice president.


Can you tell us something about Kamala Harris that not a lot of people know but should know? I think everybody knows everything, so I'm just gonna tell you everything I know about her. How, how about that? How is that? So look, I think she is one of the funniest fun people that I have ever been around. Yeah, she is warm in ways that you just couldn't really imagine. She's had to be, you know, in an executive in office over and over again. And just to see her with my daughter and to see her like, you know, hang out and, you know, invite my daughter over to a pool party at the VP's residence right.


And show her a good time. But also to see her grab the face of a stranger's kid and tell them how important they are and tell them how much the country is counting on their leadership. And you know, to me that's the, the best picture of Kamala Harris that I can give to the American people. It's a person who's fun and fun loving, but makes not afraid to make hard choices while having a good time. That's great. You were to decide a lot of the 2020 campaign as a senior advisor. What was it like being an advisor to her during that period and and what lessons do you think she learned from that campaign? Look, I think that she has learned very much how to go about introducing herself to the country.


I think that was a critical objective of her 2020 campaign. I think she did a good job in places where able, where she was able to sort of dig in and, and spend some time And I think this the way that she's been in partnership with President Biden. Giving her the opportunity, not just travel the country, but travel the world and really understand how to communicate quickly, effectively, and, but yet completely about particular issues about herself. And I think that's an incredible skill that she has sharpened And I think we're all witnessing the, the execution of this campaign, her ability to do that in a, in a stronger way.


Yeah, That's been, I think, I think so refreshing and exciting for people. Even people, people who were excited about Vice President Harris, if Bob Biden stepped aside being the candidate are even, even people that love her are blown away by how she has just taken on this mantle, this incredible amount of pressure and performed so well in such an authentic way. And it reminded me, I think, you know, we interviewed Kamala Harris back in the 20 17, 20 18, and an incredible like person on stage. Was there some recognition that I think during that 2020 campaign, whether it was not talking about being a prosecutor or, or all this sort of politics around lanes and, and All the rest, like is there a lesson there about what not to do about, about how to disregard criticism?


Or what do you think? Look, I think there's, you know, in a crowded primary field, I think that experience was probably one that, you know, maybe will be unique for that period of time. And we had, you know, such qualified extraordinary candidates in that primary, Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar, Cory Booker. It was really the best of the best of the, of the bench of the Democratic party. And I think all of them were trying to figure out, you know, how, how best do I make the strongest impression possible? And I think truly the lesson for so many of us that were on NA campaign is just forget about all of that.


Hmm. It is just be who you are, show up as authentically as possible, but as and with clear passion about what it is that you care about and a vision to communicate to the American people and let the chips fall where they may. And so I think what we see in this, in the execution of this campaign, but, but frankly I think throughout the vice president's president, vice presidency in service with, with well President Biden, like since Dobbs and that Dobbs decision, she has just decided that there's so much at stake that she's not gonna get it perfectly every time, but she's gonna get it right every time because she's gonna show up and be who she is and talk directly to the American people.


And that's the, to me, the exciting part about where we are. So Joe Biden did something pretty rare in politics. He chose to voluntarily give up the chance to stay in power. You did the same thing when you chose not to seek reelection. How did you come to that decision? You know, it's interesting. I, I became a United States senator in 48 hours. Senator Feinstein passed away late Thursday, early Friday morning. The governor, governor Gavin Newsom really had to figure out what his options were. And I think he spent a lot of time doing that on Friday. I got into conversation with him late Saturday.


I was my family, And I were on a trip in Colorado and were flying back on Sunday when the news broke. And my mom found out the same way that everybody else did, that I was gonna be a United States senator. Oh, And, I literally was sworn in on Tuesday morning, October 3rd. And so for me to be able to have the time to think about how do I serve my country and my state in this unprecedented and unpredicted moment Yeah. Is different from do I want to spend my life doing this? Mm. And in order to really, I think show up as the kind of senator that Californians deserve, it's gotta be somebody who knows that this is what they want to spend their life doing.


Yeah. And you know, for me it was, I have a a 9-year-old daughter. She's a gonna be 10 in in in two weeks. The commitment that I had already made was that I was gonna be the best mom for her. And you know, I had already made a commitment. Yeah. And what I, after going across California and really assessing, could I raise the money, could I get the endorsements? Could I change the playing field by taking endorsements away from folks who are already in the race? The answer to that was yes. And I knew that to be true. And so the question be had to just become, is it something that I wanted to do? Mm.


And I didn't. Yeah. And so I didn't That's Interesting. You really thought about it. You got into it. Oh no, I did the work. Yeah. Yeah. I got into it. I could tell you where the money was gonna come from. I could tell you what endorsements I was gonna take. Yeah. I did the work. I considered it, I was clear with Governor Newsom, I would not accept the appointment if I couldn't, if it was his expectation that I wouldn't Mm. Because People thought that. Right. Of course they thought course there was some sort of a deal Of I under I understand that. But that, that's 'cause 'cause they hadn't met me yet. Yeah. It's not the kind of game I play. It's not how I roll. Yeah. If I'm gonna do something, I'm gonna do it my way. And I think the governor appreciated that. You've been in politics for a long time.


Activist, organizer, advisor, having been in the Senate and been in an, in a elected capacity. What did you learn about politics being in Washington that you didn't already know from your long career in politics? You know, it's a great question. I, And, I spent a lot of time in my career adjacent to politics. I, I'd always sort of, sort of, you know, figured that I was just a step or two removed from those in the seat, having to make the decision, but having the influence to be able to persuade, engage, communicate effectively with those who are making the decision. And so now being the person that gets persuaded and engaged and communicated to effectively definitely changes, changes the dynamic.


But it, but it has helped me to appreciate what I think is a fundamental element that we need to develop the, our muscle in. And that is the partnership between the advocacy community and committed elected leaders. Hmm. We see those old photos of Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. Sitting in the president's office and in negotiation and conversation with folks around the March on Washington. Those are conversations, those photos capture the kinds of relationships necessary to produce the Civil Rights Act. Mm. And the Voting Rights Act.


And the Housing Rights Act. And so I think that we've gotta figure out how we bring more strategic collaboration between the advocacy community as well as the elected officials. And that's the thing that actually made it made, it has become more, more real for me being in the seat. Is there something, is there something you think advocates is something you came to understand? That you realize, oh, this is something advocates are getting wrong or something you wish they understand now that you've been in this seat. I think at the end of the day, it's about power, right? Like getting to the outcomes that we want to achieve is about assessing do I have enough power? Do we collectively have enough power to get there? And what I would love for our advocates community and, and being a, a part of it, I, you know, put this on myself as well, is that we spend a lot of time talking to the elected officials who we know are on our side.


And we don't spend enough time building our power with the folks who need to be persuaded. And so does that make us think about our coalition formation differently in order to actually move the needle and get the next three votes that we, that we need to do we change, who goes to the meeting? Do we, you know, adjust our messaging a bit? And so not just spending so much time with the folks who are with us, but actually doing the hard work to figure out how we find common ground with those who might not naturally be with us. That's a, it's a great lesson to learn, I think for, for all of us. Senator Lafon Butler, thank you so much for coming on.


Pod Save America. And, and thanks for being our senator. Thank you. This last year, are you gonna run for something else? I am not. That's a shame. It is. Are you Sure? I'm, I am not running for anything else right now. Oh, I like that right now. Just Gonna go be a mom for a while. I am. Great. Thank you all so much. Okay, we're about to go to break and when we come back, you're gonna hear our conversation with Julie Louis Dreyfus. But before we do that, wanna call your attention to a moment from Kamala Harris's event in Milwaukee tonight? No. No. We haven't already won 77 days of work to do. My friends. Someone credit said You've already won. Won Like it's a fucking participation.


Smoking it. It was, it was it Michael J. Fox from the future? I hope so. To her point, we haven't already won. That's our job. We gotta do the work. That's why we're very excited to announce that votes Save America has set a big goal, as we mentioned, 75,000 volunteer signups for their 2024 Organizer Else program by September 17th. National Voter Registration Day votes, Save America is the absolute best at providing the highest impact ways you can take action right now to support down ballot races in must win districts and build momentum for the Harris Walls ticket So. we got currently 40,000 volunteers in the program, which means ambitious goal, very necessary, but only achievable with you. So go to votes Save America dot com slash 2024 to sign up.


This message has been paid for by votes Save America. You can learn more at votes Save America dot com. And this ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee when we come back. Julia Louis Dreyfus po Save America is brought to you by article. Article has expanded their bestselling living room collections with hundreds of new pieces, including sofa, beds, sectionals, modular sofas, lounge chairs, swivel chairs, ottomans and more. It's a JD Vance dream come true. Plus they've also launched new fabric options, allowing you to pick the perfect sofa to create your dream living space. JD Vance pat's the armrest of a couch and says, I think it's time we open things up.


Seeing all this beautiful furniture. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they got some really delightful prices, too. Curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple articles. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Love article furniture. We have some here at Crooked. Media. Got some at home. I got some patio furniture. Super comfortable. It looks great. It's affordable and it arrives quickly. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout.


That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care? Non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there is a lot going on right now. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try.


It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/psa. When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden.


It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson. And I. Use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com. Welcome back to Pot Save America. Julia. Louis Dreyfus. Yes. Thank you for welcoming me back. It's good to have you back. What are you doing here in Chicago at the convention? I just Happened to be here. And, I. Thought I'd pop in. It's a great town. I actually went to college here. You did? Yes. Where'd you go to school? Northwestern. Oh Nice. Yes, I am here because I am a tried and true Democrat, number one. And I came specifically for a few events, including I am hosting a panel of All, the eight Democratic female governors.


Nice. I'm doing that I guess today. This afternoon is how it's this should, I should say it. And the link is in my bio. You guys are gonna put the link 'cause you can live stream it and it should be hopefully, I mean, you know, to be honest with you, I I hope it goes well. But it's eight people. What are you guys gonna be talking about? I Don't know. You tell me. Are you asking them all questions? Yeah. Okay. And so I've got a list of thing. You know, by the way, they have this complete, you may know this already, but you know, they have this camaraderie. They've got a text chain going. They're all, it's a real, That sounds like a fun text chain. It actually does. Right? And they're a very close group.


And, I. Think it's gonna be interesting to hear what leadership is like from their point of view. That's Great. Yeah. I think maybe You start out by really insulting Kathy Hoel so that the rest know to be afraid of you Or come to her defense and then we see the sort of the Right Yeah. Connection of the group And action. Right. Trying to action to divide or divide them. Whichever or divide. Yeah. Well that'll be easy 'cause it's women. It's easy to ruffle up women. This is, this is not your first fray in a politics. You've been really involved in the last several years in the Trump era. How did you Pre-Trump too, by the way? pre-Trump Too. Yeah. How did you make the decision to like be active in politics, which is sometimes tricky for a celebrity of your status?


You know what, I had this feeling that if I didn't, I would feel guilty. So I had, I had, I had a feeling of responsibility. And I. Never ever, ever, ever purport to be an expert on the issues. 'cause I ain't. But what I do try to do is shine the spotlight on people that I think should have a spotlight on them. Yeah. And, and I'm very focused this election too, on multiple down ballot races. Oh. So I'm doing a lot of work to raise awareness of various state legislature races and so on in various states. Because, you know, sometimes raising funds or awareness for those smaller, as it were, campaigns not so small anymore in the sense that state legislatures have so much power and authority.


And And, I think it's, you know, a a a few hundred dollars can go a very long way in races like that. Do you ever find, because there are, there are plenty of people that aren't willing to do that. They're just like, I stay outta politics. Yeah. I don't want people to know what I think about politics. Right. I wanna be involved. I understand that. Do you, like, do you ever talk to people who feel that way and try to persuade them that they actually should, that it's worth it? Do you have any regrets about doing it, Talking to people about that? Or just like, do you ever, are there any downsides? Have you felt downsides to becoming active in politics? 'cause there are plenty of famous people who could be shining a light on issues who decide not to. Oh gosh, that's a good question. I, no, I don't think, speaking for myself, there hasn't been a downside for me.


I just, I, I do feel frustrated sometimes with certain people that I know who don't sort of, I don't know, use their celebrity for good. You know, I, I, I've said this before, but I'm quoting Norman Lear. He used to say celebrity is something you can spend and you know, you can spend too much of it. You can, in fact. Yeah. And so one has to be careful and thoughtful about where you choose to spend it. And I choose to spend it in this way. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you think of the switch? The big switch? Lovett, this gonna be a, this gonna be a Biden convention now it's a Harris convention. Well, I have to say, first of all, it was absolutely the right thing to do.


I'm delighted that it happened. It really, in my view, absolutely cements Biden's legacy as a hero and in American history. Yeah. This is just an extraordinary moment in politics. I just cannot get over what's happened. I know. In such a short period of time. I am so excited. I really am. It's a strange feeling. It's a strange feeling. Yeah. And isn't it fascinating how they have just tripled down on joy and light? It is. And please, Tim Walls. Tim Walls.


How great. Oh. And the fact that he has taken, he's, he's, how can we say this? He has burst the bully bubble by not empowering him, even though should Trump be reelected? P please may it not happen. That would be a terrible thing. But he is letting others know that we mustn't be afraid. We must approach this with strength and humor. We should laugh at this guy. And it really bothers him when we do. And it kind of takes his power away from him.


It's like, it's just good old fashioned handling a bully tactics. I was gonna ask you about that. 'cause So your character on Veep Oh yeah. Selena Meyer Bully found herself in an almost identical situation to Kamala Harris. But she has the personality of Trump. Exactly. Or more like Trump at least. So like, do you have Much more like Trump, Do you have advice for Kamala Harris on how to approach Trump and you think that the mockery is, and humor is a good way to, good way to Approach it? Well, I mean, she's obviously found her voice and her authentic voice. I mean, that is in evidence I think. I don't know if you guys agree with that, but Yes, for sure. I mean, it is completely, I I feel like she's found herself in, in front of our eyes and as far as presenting herself and very really and honestly, we can tell this is who she is when she speaks.


And she takes him very seriously. But she also takes his behavior not seriously. And I think that's important. She does both at the same time. So I wanna ask you about your career just a little bit. Okay. If that's okay. Yeah, sure. It's not that interesting though, by the, I think it's way we, well anyway, I was gonna talk about our plane ride. Oh yes. How we, We were, we were on the same flight coming here. I heard, I just got Tony Goldwyn. He got you. He got Me. And, and we were almost diverted to Milwaukee. No Milwaukee because of Air Force One Landing. Yeah. Joe, we, We, Joe, Joe Biden, my God. We're almost Trump voters by the time we landed. Exactly. Then we got drinks.


I said that we, I was very jealous when I heard This. Yeah, I know. I thought we were gonna be renting a car and driving from Milwaukee to Chicago together. That Come true. It would've been Really good. So you've led multiple hit shows. Not a lot of people can say that. Okay. Okay. Keep going. Okay. So there's a lot of people that, they're incredibly funny in one time in place. Yeah. They don't really evolve. They get kind of stuck. How have you thought about staying curious about evolving as a performer, even in different times? Just, you know, sebel and v as big as it can get. Completely different styles. Completely different tones.


Yeah. Hmm. Well, at the risk, I'm sounding like an, can you swear on this show? Oh yeah. Like a asshole artist type. I have never approached my career by thinking of it like that. Yeah. Yeah. I approach it by, I mean, I really like to work And I get very excited by material that provokes me and in a good way. And so that's been the driver. And then I've just lucked out. But I mean, that has been the driver. I, there there are certain pitfalls to show business that I think I haven't fallen prey to.


Like what? The celebrity stuff, there's a kind of success that you can't really focus on. 'cause it'll, it'll, it'll fuck you up. You know? It really will. I think it's really about material at the end of the day. And, and by the way, some things haven't worked out, but I don't have regrets about any of that. And by the way, when I say haven't worked out, I mean, haven't been huge hits, but that's okay because I have had a really, I've had a really good time playing all sorts of different things. Well, like, the reason I was thinking about, it's because like, so JD Van says, I love Diet Mountain Dew.


And I. Think that's disgusting. Yeah. You're gross. Yeah. Then Tim Walls says, I love Diet Mountain Dew. Oh, And I. Think I should try Diet Mountain Dew. Okay. That's Fascinating. Well, it's because he has like charisma. Yeah, of course there's a policy difference. But like Tim Waltz is charming. He has it, He's disarmingly charming. Yes. And I. Think a lot of times we try to make politics objective, but sometimes some people have it and some people don't have it. Correct. You have it. You thank you. You do. But like, you're beloved. I'm not running for office. I'm not running for office. You, You've played, you've played some of the biggest jerks. You've played beloved characters. But, but the same thing that carries 'em together is you have this charm, this charisma. What is it?


What is it it, John, come on. No, I wanna know. What is it? Tim Walls has it. You have it. Kamala has it. Some people don't. Ted Cruz doesn't have it. What the fuck is it? I, I can't, I can't. I want, I can't. I I think maybe they are sort of to what I said earlier, I think there's an authenticity in place. I think you are aware of the fact that JD Vance is not telling the truth about himself. Mm. And that you're picking up on that same is true of Cruz. Same is true of Kevin McCarthy. All of these guys. There is a, and by the way, we can differ on policy. There are, there are Republicans that are affable. Yeah.


And charming. They are. Yeah. There are. And but there is a, people can smell a, a fake. Yeah. I think Veep is one of the greatest shows ever. One of the greatest characters ever. Like I I, we are watching it again. My wife And I, like for the fifth time, it's like up 350% now. Banana. The number of people's bananas. People were like watching it now because of the situation. We're all in it. It really is timeless. Like a lot of political shows tend to sort of, they age differently. And I was just wondering like, what did Veep 'cause I also think that it's like the most accurate portrayal of the White House and politics of any political show.


What did it teach you about politics? Well, you came and spoke to our I know. Our writers. Yeah. Because we had a lot of people come in who were in the weeds as it were. And talk to us about that experience. You know, it was just a reminder, which is both good and bad. That these are really, honestly just people like you, And I are sitting here. Just people Yeah. Who, you know, wake up, have their coffee, go to the bathroom, you know, do everyday normal people things. And they just happen to be in positions of government. And it's really that simple. And it, and sometimes it fucks you up and Sometimes it fucks you up And sometimes it brings out the worst in you and sometimes It brings out the best in you.


Yeah. So it doesn't, it, it, it certainly, it it, one thing that was great about doing the show is that it gave us access to sort of inside politics in a way that was super interesting. And I, I'm, I'm a kind of a nerd for that. I Lovett. But you did get to meet people who were very well-intentioned and well-meaning both sides of the aisle. I really mean that. Yeah. And so, yeah, it was, it was a, it was an extraordinary opportunity to meet people really trying to make the world a better place. Like really trying to make do, to do the right thing. And that's, that can be very inspiring.


Yeah. Julie Lee Dreyfus, thank you as always for coming up. Save America. Hey, it's my pleasure. So good to see you. It's so good to see you too. Good luck with All, the Governors tomorrow. Oh, G what should I ask them for reels? Oh, that's a good question. Yeah. Come on guys. Just gimme a little something. Ask them. Give, ask them to all give, give them, have them give a little advice to Kamala. 'cause they're all gonna be very messaging. Right. Every governor they're gonna, they're gonna get their talking points out. I know. Which is great. That's their job. Yeah. But they're not all. Yes. But they're not running, I don't think anybody's on the ballot. And so I, I'm hopeful that maybe we can avoid some of that. But I don't know. We'll see. Here's a, some of them, some of these Go governors are from states where they've been able to protect abortion access.


Yeah. And some of them are from governors from states where they haven't been able to. Right. And in the states where we, there are states we need to win, where like, say Gretchen Whitmer has done an incredible job of making sure that abortion acts is protected. Right. But we need abortion to be salient for those voters. Right. And we found that in like in states where like California or New York, people didn't feel like it was as much of a threat. How do they think about making sure people understand the threat Trump poses on abortion when they're working so hard to protect abortion access for their people. Right. Or they have a red, red legislature and they're dealing with Yes. Exactly. Yeah. Oh, I go in too. What the, there has become, there's a huge gender gap opening up in this election. There's a gender gap opening up even larger in Gen Z.


So these younger voters, like there's young men are becoming like more Republican. But people like Gretchen Whitmer, people like Maura Healy, they're like governors in states where they have won. Like there hasn't been as big of a gender gap. And they've been like really appealing to like both men and women. And, I think like talking about sort of the gender split there is kind of interesting to see how they deal with it. 'cause Gretchen Whitmer is like beloved in Michigan. So like wins by overwhelming margins. Yeah. Rural areas, cities everywhere. So it's kind of interesting to know what her secret is. Well, I think to what we were discussing earlier, I think they really pick up on our authenticity. Yeah. And I just read, I just read her book when we were on our plane, by the way. And it's actually a really interesting read.


Yeah. And it's, and it's very digestible. Yeah. Can I tell you something that I was embarrassed of on our plane ride? You Were watching The Real Housewives? No, I was watching. I looked over and you were reading a physical book. A physical book. And I was like, I have to take out my iPad and watch House of the Dragon. And. I like was like trying to hide my screen. And then it finally your husband took out an iPad. And I was like, oh, thank God. Please don't read a book. Please don't read a book. And he didn't, he watched something. And I was like, fuck it. We can watch tv. I don't have to feel embarrassed about watching this bad reboot. I can be myself. Have a cocktail. Alright. Yeah, that's right. All right. Awesome.


Thank you for coming On. Thank you. Good Luck tomorrow. Nice to see you guys. That's our show for tonight. But we've got more from the DNC for our friends of the Pod subscribers. Lovett And, I answered some of your questions, did some behind the scenes and played Take Appreciators. If you're a subscriber, these segments should be showing up as a separate episode in your Pod Save America feed. If you aren't a subscriber, head to crook.com/friends or sign up through the Apple Podcast app. See you all tomorrow. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more.


Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor in Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust Maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson And I. Use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com. Make your summer even sweeter with a joyfully chill sensation of my mochi ice cream. My mochi is cool creamy premium ice cream wrapped in sweet soft dough.


It comes in tons of fabulous flavors like strawberry, mango, and cookies and cream. My mochi snacks are gluten-free and perfectly portioned. They're only around 90 calories per piece. Get my mochi at Target or visit my mochi.com to find a store selling it near you.