
Get the Honda of your dreams during Happy Honda Days with a sporty new civic Accord, HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V, a 4.9% A PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% EPR on a 2025 HR V. See dealer for financing details, exclude civic SI and type R


Variety raves. Maria is absolute perfection and entertainment Weekly Hales Academy Award winner Angelina Jolie, brings tragedy and triumph to the last days of opera singer Maria Callis. Finally, I am in control And critics agree it's a towering toward forced performance from Angelina Jolie and a career best My life is opera. There is no reason in opera Maria directed by Pablo Leray for your consideration now playing. It's like Peterson on Netflix.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tom Eor. On today's show, Donald Trump sits down for his first major interview since winning the election and lays out his plans on deportations, tariffs, healthcare, political retribution, and more. The killing of United Healthcare CEO. Brian Thompson crosses the barrier from cultural fixation to political debate, though it's still a cultural fixation and in some incredible news, Syrian dictator Bashar Alad flees to Moscow ending two generations of his family's sadistic rule. We'll get into what this means for the world and for America's new president, but first, president-elect Donald Trump, sat down with Kristen Welker and meet the press for a pretty newsy and substantive interview that lasted one hour and 16 minutes.


I wonder how long his staff was trying to call it. 30 minutes. 20 minutes. I was, I didn't know it was that long. And I just started reading the transcript and I was like, how, why does this keep going? I know It must have budget an hour. It's crazy. It's very long. There were a few big topics they went in depth on, and we're just gonna take them one at a time, play some clips so you can get a feel for what it was like without having to suffer through the whole thing like we did. Yeah, that's a, That's a service we provide. You do not, we watch the whole thing so you don't have to, Let's start with immigration. They covered a lot here, including big questions on deportations and citizenship. Here's a sampling. If They come here illegally, but their family is here legally, then the family has a choice. The person that came in illegally can go out or they can all go out together.


You Promised to end birthright citizenship on day one. Is that still your plan? Yeah, absolutely. So even though Trump wants to end birthright citizenship, he also said he wants to work with Democrats on a solution for the dreamers who he spoke favorably about. Hmm. Let's talk about birthright citizenship first, which I think is the big headline here, ending it at least for the children of undocumented parents, something of a right wing passion project. It's also birthright citizenship is also guaranteed in the Constitution in the 14th Amendment. Do you guys think he actually can end this? I think he wants to fight. I don't think he knows or particularly cares if he can end it.


You know, it's yet another place where the constitution is unequivocal, and yet we're having this debate because we don't know if six conservative justices will agree anymore. That's, that's the reason we can have this debate. But I think he wants to fight. So you think he would just do something, test it in court, see if the Supreme Court not go through like the constitutional amendment process. So he, he said both. He doesn't have the, he wouldn't ever get the votes. He doesn't Have, he doesn't have the discipline, but the, no, he didn't. He, he says that we, he said it's, he, you know, throughout this interview, it was a lot of moments of weer trying to pin him down and his whole sort of stance throughout the interview was just refusing to be pinned down.


So this is one of the places where he did that too. And he said, well, we may have to bring it to the people, but then he brought it back to the executive order and talked about the executive order he was going to issue when he was president. Yeah. Just so the listeners know, it's very hard to amend the Constitution just to propose an amendment to the Constitution. You require, you need support from two thirds of both houses of Congress or two thirds of state legislature, and then the bar is higher to three fourths to ratify it. So yeah. Not gonna happen. Supreme Court said something about this back in 1898. They ruled that birthright citizenship is part of the 14th amendment. They said the ruling there was the 14th amendment affirms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by birth within the territory, including all children here, born of resident aliens.


The only qualification, the reason that the right keeps talking about this and has for a while, is there's a qualification in the 14th amendment that says children born in the US have to be subject to the jurisdiction thereof. But of course, undocumented immigrants are subject to US jurisdiction and that they can be sanctioned for violating the law. Right. They're not ambassadors. Right. That's what I was gonna say. The only people who aren't subject to us jurisdiction are foreign diplomats with diplomatic immunity. That's why that exception is in the Constitution. Something I am sure Donald Trump has ranted about when all those am ambassadors were racking up tickets in Manhattan over all those years, there's no doubt that Donald Trump fucking hated seeing those diplomatic plates. Diplomatic plates, yeah.


Parked in the fucking fire zones. There was also a Trump appointee in the fifth Circuit that just ruled in 2015 that the clause covers quote, the vast majority of lawful and unlawful aliens. So it is a pretty, I mean, who again, it's this supreme court, so who knows, but you could see Roberts, you could see, I mean, it's, it seems unlikely. What do you guys make of the cognitive dissonance between saying he, he wants to protect the dreamers who are children who were brought here, undocumented children who were brought here by their parents as, as, as kids, but he also thinks that kids born here shouldn't get citizenship. Yeah. So it's interesting. I actually thought the dreamers, the part where he talked about the dreamers was the most interesting part of this section, because he actually was more compassionate in his language than he's been in a very long time.


Yeah. Not ever but a long time. No, not in a long time. He, he Used to say he, that answer that he said, he was like, you gotta do something. Some of them, they're great people you gotta do, so we're gonna do something for them. That's what he used to say when he was president. Yes. So he has not, he did not talk that way throughout the entire campaign. So I think the contradiction is that he doesn't care and he's not thinking about it that way. When he talks about birthright citizenship, he's talking about, you know, he's ranted about to tourists, having babies from Asia. He is talking about people that just got here. What he's, when he is referring to the dreamers, he's actually acknowledging what has been at the core of the democratic position on this, which is you need to have a system of rules and laws going forward, but you need to recognize that people have been in this country for a very long time.


It's sort of acknowledging both sides of that. Yeah, I just think he's a liar. I, I don't think, I mean, if he wanted to protect the dreamers, there's a deal on the table where the Democrats said he could pass tomorrow. Just do it. Protect them. Go for it. I mean, he, he, he got Aether was an offer in 20 18, 20 19 that was basically protection for the dreamers in exchange for billions of wall funding. And Democrats walked away from it 'cause of the wall funding at the time. But again, they could pass a narrow fix for the dreamers. I, I think what Man wish we had taken that deal. I do Too. Well, I think that, but I think that tells you like liar or not, like I think he would take that deal. I think that can still happen. Yeah. Maybe I'm just saying that he Would love when he would love the win. I think he's a guy who doesn't wanna get blamed for ugly images on tv, but ultimately supports an incredibly radical immigration agenda that includes mass deportations of tens of millions of people.


Yeah. I it it feels like a past versus future thing. Yeah. You know, that he, you protect the children of undocumented immigrants who are already here, but you don't allow the, the children of future undocumented immigrants to become citizens. Because like you said, he believes that this birth tourism, that people come here illegally and have children as like, this is the whole quote unquote anchor babies that, I mean, it's just, it he Wants, he doesn't want. Right. He, he wants to have a, after a certain date, be able to deport people without having to consider the fact that the children born here are American citizens. He wants to have a say a date after which he doesn't have to worry about that anymore. But unfortunately, the Constitution says otherwise. Also, there's a bigger challenge here, like if you, there's bigger consequences here.


If you suddenly decide that citizenship in the United States is not, is not granted because you're born here. Like the, the, the amount of people that you could start stripping citizenship from is just, it goes on for, it's crazy. Getting rid of birth ship is crazy, but, we'll, I mean, they're gonna try be executive order, so we'll say Or, or they won't look, we don't like, again, like it's just like, this was an interview where, I mean, it seems like they're, the Wall Street Journal says they are drafting an order, so it seems like they're gonna at least try, but whether, what, what happens to him? What Happens to be done now? Yeah. I, I just like, he is, it's, it was a strange interview in that like, basically on a few different, few different places, Welker was like challenging. Did you really mean this? And every single time he said, of course I did. Of course I did. But then he does this sort of more moderate sounding language on dreamers on a few other issues.


So it was like an interview where he was making himself hard to pin down. It sounds like the deportation plan is to start with immigrants who've committed crimes here in America, but then go far beyond that to include undocumented immigrants who've been here for years, have jobs, pay taxes, live with American citizen family members. We've talked a lot about democrats not becoming the defenders of the status quo, but obviously immigration was one of the defining issues, the campaign. How do you guys think Democrats should fight this or can fight this really? Well, I mean, we know there's a bunch of states where the attorney generals are preparing legal challenges. Groups like the A CLU will will challenge in court any effort to use the military to deport people.


And then there will be cities that will refuse to work with ICE and prevent deportation operations. So that's kind of the, the policy side. Then I think part of it as Democrats, I mean, this starts to happen. You start seeing families ripped apart, you start to see, you know, who's gonna go well beyond criminals, these sort of deportations. It's gonna be farm workers, students, people who served in the military teachers. I think you have to like lift up the stories and talk about the impact on communities. Yeah. There was a moment in the interview where he said something he hadn't said before where Wilker's asking about all these, about the kind of impact of all this kind of mass deportation. And he says, well, you know, there are these criminals, they're hiding, they're in our cities, they're on our farms.


And it was a strange like, wait, you don't, you, he hasn't, he doesn't talk like that. He doesn't reference the fact that undocumented people do a ton of the labor on, on farms in this country. And it was, it felt like reflective of some kind of conversation you'd had where, where it's clear that this rounding up of people is gonna impact the nation's food supply. And so he's starting to think about how to message around the impact of that. I don't know, but it was strange. Yeah. I think the hard reality of this is that it's very difficult to fight deportation since Trump is, well, within the law and past presidents of both parties have deported undocumented immigrants. Cities can try not to cooperate with ice.


You know, Tom Holman, the new borders are said. If they don't cooperate, I'll just have my agents do it. It's whatever. We don't need their cooperation. But I do think you show, like Tommy said, how, you know, cruel and unnecessary and harmful it is to the country to expel people who are doing nothing more but trying to live their lives, do their jobs, haven't committed any crimes Who are giving back a lot to the country. Yeah. Contributing to the economy, to society in a million different Ways. I was paying paying, by the way, also just one other lie on all of this, undocumented people are paying into Yeah. Medicare and social security and not able to ever recoup it. He Also lied and says, we're the only country in the world that does birthright citizenship. That is totally wrong. Dozens of countries do it. The Canadians do it Chile, like lots of Countries.


I think that another challenge for Democrats is because they are gonna start with criminals or, or people who have committed crimes here in America. Obviously you break the law if you cross the border unlawfully, but for the people who've committed crimes here in America, they're going to make a big deal outta them and then sort of try to bait Democrats into, you know, look, the reason that, that there are, to the extent that there are people who've committed violent crimes or either other crimes in America who are undocumented, the reason they're still here is not because the Biden administration or other Democrats just didn't want to go after them. Part of it is because either they can't find them or, you know, law enforcement's been looking for them, they can't find them. Or sometimes people are here because we don't have agreements with the countries that they came from to send them back to those countries.


And so this is, there's a number of challenges, just logistical challenges the Trump administration is gonna have to grapple with just in order to do some of these deportations. I I I read that they're actually thinking of sending some of these undocumented immigrants back to countries that aren't their home countries because they don't have, don't have the agreements with the, with with all the countries, which is just, Well, and this is where Tom Holman's full of shit. The, the immigrations are Sure ice could go to a community and find someone and take them and deport them, but they're gonna have a hard time finding them that that's the part that you need the local cops for the law enforcement piece tracking people down, knowing where they are. Yeah. But it's gonna be hard. And I also think that Democrats just need to be clear in laying out the alternative. Right. Which is, we of course support going after criminals and people who've committed crimes in this country and also, you know, people who've just arrived here or like, let's, let's, we we're fine with removing people recent arrivals, right.


But people who have been here for years who just want the chance to become citizens, we should give them the chance to become citizens and we should bring them out of the shadows so that they can contribute, which is what they want to do in this country. Yeah. I mean I think you just have to be very clear about the message. Yeah. I think you have to, I also think like this interview that Trump gave is an opportunity for Democrats to say like, okay, right, we will do your, we have, we have a conservative border bill right now. We will tie that with protections for, for, for finally letting these dreamers who did nothing wrong and who only know this country to, to become citizens, which you now say is something you wanna do. So let's do that right now. How about, that's the first thing. What, that's one of the first things you can do when you become president. We should be out there taking him at his word.


Alright, let's talk about what to make of Trump's answers on whether he'll actually go after his political enemies. Here he is answering questions about the January 6th committee. I Think those people committed a major crime, sir. And Cheney was behind it. Well, and so was Benny Thompson and everybody on that committee We're gonna for What they did. Yeah. Honestly, they should go to jail. So you think Liz Cheney should go to jail For what they did? Everyone on the committee you think should jail. I Think everybody on anybody that voted in favor. Are You, do you want Cash Patel to launch investigations into people on that list? No. I mean, he's gonna do what he thinks is right. If they think that somebody was dishonest or crooked or corrupt politician, I think he probably has an obligation to do it.


But are you gonna direct him to do it? No, not at all. Not at all. I'm not looking to go back into the past. I'm looking to make our country successful. Retribution will be through success. All right. Where do you think we are on, on the spectrum of rule of law to Trump decides who goes to jail? Just some pure uncut fascism there. Yeah. You know, it's funny again, like if you could, there are he before that section he's saying the right things, saying I'm not, I don't want, I'm not gonna tell Cas Pat tell him what to do. I'm Pam Bondy's. Great. I'm not gonna tell her what to do. They're gonna do what they wanna do. I don't want go backwards. I'm not, that's what Biden did. I'm not for that.


And then the second Wilker brings up the, the select committee. He's like jail, jail for every fucking one of them. Oh, who voted for it? Every who voted for it Jail. Well, we we don't hear the end of that sentence. I think May maybe on the committee 'cause weren't there On the committee vote Yeah. Committee. That's what Yeah, yeah. Right. You vote for vote against me and you're gonna jail. I mean, it's just pure unadulterated fascism. Yes. Also, the Constitution has protections specifically designed to protect legislators from the executive for doing their jobs. Not something that comes up in the interview. It also reminded me that there was a part in that Atlantic profile of Patel that said, he's the kind of guy, you don't have to tell him to do it. Right. Well, That's why that question was dumb. The the, that's why you chose K Patel. Right? He's an enemy's list in his book. Like why you chose Pam Bond to, well, I guess Matt Gaetz washed out, but that's why she was your second choice.


'cause you don't need to tell these people what to do. They know they're there to punish your enemies. Yeah. You, I I, you could read it two ways I think, which is one, exactly how we just talked about it, how you guys just talked about it. The other is, he, he genuinely doesn't want to go back and doesn't want this, doesn't want to have all these investigations, but you bring up things that he is pissed about and that he is talked about before. He's, it's, he's gonna set him off because the man has no control of his emotions. And also he's, he's never been someone who's like, oh, you know, I changed my mind. I actually like this chain. Let's let, let's allow, let, let bygones be going. Like he's always gonna be like, yeah, she should go to jail, but I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna make anything happen right now.


Again, the huge problem here is whether or not you believe Trump. Whether or not he means they, he really is going to make them go to jail or he doesn't want to go back to the past. Cash Patel and Pam Bondi are the problem because they'll either take his comments as a green light to go investigate and prosecute, or they may have just decided to do whatever the fuck they want knowing that Trump either won't care or he will approve and they will curry favor With that. They're glad, glad they're doing it despite his lack of intervention, which is sort of an ideal outcome for him. Yeah. I just stepping back, this was the most unleashed Trump in this entire interview is an hour and 16 minute interview. It was much more like Trump on Rogan, where the clips are taken out of context to make it seem like the most dangerous and kind of unhinged version of Trump.


But for the majority of this interview, he is trying to seem as reasonable and mainstream as humanly possible. And he, I think does succeed in a lot of places. This was one place where it was like, whoa, he's definitely going beyond his, his whatever goals he had for this interview, he has left those behind to start railing against Liz Cheney. The one thought I had while watching, I'm curious. It was, it was a little Galaxy brain, which is like, man, this is not somebody like this is baiting Joe Biden into Pardons. That's what I, I was like, why, why would you go so hard at these people right now? You're, you're so careful throughout the rest of it to try to seem more, more, more, more disciplined. I Think he just has no impulse control. Yeah, I Agree.


Saying the same thing. Just a thought. I think Liz Cheney is bait. I think it's like that. It's just, it, he's just triggered by hearing Liz Cheney in January say, and same thing when she mentioned 2020. Like it's, it's wild to me that one of the questions was like, do you, did you win the 2020 election? I'm like, oh, we're going back there now. But like, there's certain things, not certain things. There's a lot of things you can say to Trump to to set him off. To Set him off. He's also very mad that the January 6th committee destroyed all their records and evidence and thinks that's prosecutable now the whole thing. He, he's, yeah, he's very mad. I think he's seeking retribution. He was trying to be serious, but the minute you push him is like he's electrocuted. But I do think I, I guess where I come down on this is I would not be surprised if they do launch investigations and try to do everything he had said during the campaign he wanted to do.


I would also not be surprised if nothing happens. Yeah. It's all I look Joe Biden, it's, it's, it's, But if I was Biden, I think I, that's, I mean, if I was Biden I think I would, I would, I would do I think really hard about preemptive Pardons and blanket Pardons for the JS six committee and Jack Smith and his team. And I would do the team and I would do the staff. I would do like for, for anyone who was caught up in federal employees who were investigating Donald Trump in some way, I would think seriously about Pardons. Yeah. I just, it's like an umbrella. You know, you're, it's okay if you have it.


You don't need it better than to need it and not have it. And we don't, we will knock. We do not get to go back and man Joe Biden, look, I think it's why he pardoned Hunter. He doesn't wanna look back and realize he had this chance to save his son didn't take it. Well, it's time to use that in the same way for the rest of us. He also talked about pardoning, the January 6th protestors, rioters who have been convicted, who pled guilty or currently serving time in prison. He said that's a day one thing that he's gonna do. Do you think people are gonna care about that? I do. I mean, I, like, I, I don't think the voters wanna look back. And this is looking back and I think, you know, here's what I think we have to do.


The Republicans are very good at picking out a couple specific stories and examples and lifting them up, right? Like Lake and Riley, any sort of incident of horrible crime against an individual by an undocumented migrant, Trump will tell that story ad nauseum. We need to not just like look at the statistics around January 6th or talk about it in, in the big picture. We need to find individuals that he Pardons who are, you know, hitting cops or beating people up or being violent and get the footage of that and the stories of those individuals out on day one. I do not think that people, I mean, I think the polling on this, was it like 30% support for pardoning January 6th Insurrectionists? Yeah, I saw, I saw Tart had this on CNN low.


It was like 33% said they were patriots. 64% were posted Pardons, 1% want to be a priority, which he's clearly making a priority if it's on day one and 53% think that what the rioters did was an insurrection. So the public opinion is clear. I totally agree with you, Tommy, that like, you've gotta, and he kind of danced. She goes back and forth. This Is what I was gonna get at. This is, yeah, she goes back and forth on the police officers. Like, what about the people who violently assaulted police officers? Some of the way that was written up had Trump responding by saying they had no choice. It wa he wasn't saying, I don't think he was saying they had no choice to assault the police officers. No. He was referring to a different part of her question, which was they pled guilty. Yes. And he's saying they have no choice to p plead to plead guilty because it was like a forced confession kind of thing.


Well it's A, it's amazing how realistic Donald Trump can be about the criminal justice system when it's his own fucking people. I know. Like, no, the jail is, is not fit for people and oh, well, you understand that people take plea deals just to get out of something and confess to things that they didn't actually do. Incredibly generous to his own people. Yeah. I, I think it matters. The other thing he did throughout this section was bounce around who's gonna get pardoned? Is it who's gonna be affected? He, he really didn't give any straight answer. He avoided it completely. So I think it matters who ends up getting these Pardons, right? If it's a blanket pardon? For a bunch of people that assault cops, like we should be fucking talking about it for years. But like Huge issue. We should make it. I think this is the one you make. Number One, A really big deal out of Trump is letting violent criminals out of jail to roam the streets in your neighborhood.


This is when you go from Yeah, Democrats shouldn't be talking about like democracy because it doesn't really resonate with people, but criminals in your neighborhood who were committing political violence and assaulting cops. Yeah. People are gonna care about that


Of America is brought to you by Tommy John. What's the best feeling in the world? Giving someone an amazing gift like the gift of soft, breathable Tommy John underwear. Everything Tommy John makes is meticulously crafted from breathable stretch fabric for the perfect fit. Plus everything's covered by Tommy John's best Perial ever wear or it's free guarantee. Find something for everyone and pick up something for yourself too, because at Tommy John Greatness is in their very fabric. You guys know we love Tommy John here. They've got all kinds of great shirts and underwear and undergarments. A thing you should do at some point, maybe this year, maybe sometime soon, is you just take all the underwear in your drawer, you throw 'em all out, and you replace 'em all with Tommy John. You just do a full on upgrade, a full on refresh. You will not be sorry you did it exclusively. For our listeners, you can shop Tommy John's amazing sale early right now. For your last minute gifts, save 40% sitewide only at tommy john.com/crooked with the code crooked. That's 40% off for a limited time at tommy john.com/crooked With code crooked. See site for details.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. The holiday season is, as they say, the most wonderful time of the year. It can be filled with joy and happiness, but it can also be the most stressful time of the year. Scheduling conflicts, added expenses, family dynamics and drama can all take a toll. So it's important to slow down and not lose sight of your mental wellbeing. Therapy is a great way to do just that, not only during this stressful time of the year, but all year long. And BetterHelp online therapy is a great way to get into therapy. BetterHelp is designed to be convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a credentialed therapist that fits your needs and preferences. Once matched, you can connect via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So this holiday season, give yourself a gift you can appreciate. All year round therapy's important. Obviously it's been a stressful, stressful time, stressful couple weeks, stressful couple months, stressful year, nine years. It's a great gift to yourself to go to therapy and and talk with someone about it. It's, it's, it's really helpful. If is a BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month, that's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/psa.


Pos of America is brought to you by built rewards. We earn points on groceries, travel and more. So why not rent built? Change the game by letting renters earn high value points on rent. There's no cost to join built and as member, you'll earn valuable points on rent and on your everyday spending. Built points can be transferred to your favorite hotel and airlines and even the ones you haven't heard of. There are over 500 airlines and 700,000 hotels and properties around the world. You can redeem your built points toward points can also be redeemed towards a future rent payment and unique experiences that only built members can access. So if you're not earning points on rent, the question is why not start earning points on rent? You're already paying by going to join built.com/crooked. That's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/crooked. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/crooked to start earning points on your rent payments today.


All right, Trump also talked about his economic plans, including a lengthy back and forth on tariffs with Trump saying he quote, can't guarantee Americans won't end up paying more. He also said, I can't guarantee that. I can't guarantee tomorrow. Yeah, it Was very, very, very metaphysical. It was, it was very funny. Very Funny. He also talked about how his other big priority is extending the Trump tax cuts, which mostly benefit the richest Americans. He was also asked about raising the minimum wage, but didn't sound as favorable on that even though he said he would consider it. We've talked about how Democrats need to focus on working class voters issues very early, of course, but how do you think Democrats should respond to the Trump economic agenda? What I took from this, as you would say, Donald Trump has just told us what his priorities are as president to free people that assault comps and cut taxes for the rich.


That is, those are his two big priorities, right? It's not raising the minimum wage, it's not protecting access to healthcare. It's not even lowering costs. It's tax cuts for the rich and freeing the people that assaulted the cops on his behalf. And that should tell you something about, about what you can expect from Donald Trump over the next four years. Yeah, I would hammer the tax cut issue. I was, I was reading a report on the 2017 Trump tax cut. It found that large US pharma companies saved about $6 billion in taxes over the course of four years. And during that time, they expanded their workforce by less than 1% globally. So they saved a ton of money on taxes and they created no jobs in 2023, Pfizer made over 27 billion and paid zero federal income taxes Thanks in part to the Trump tax cut because they make the bulk of their money in the US and then they use loopholes and tax avoidance schemes to recognize that revenue in Ireland or whatever.


So this is the opposite of populism. This is the opposite of the bullshit that Steve Bannon and his types try to tell us that the Trump MAGA message is about. And I think we need to, to really push it hard. I mean, again, like the, the richest 0.1% of taxpayers got a $250,000 tax cut. The poorest quintile in this country got a $70 tax cut. That's the story of the 2017 Trump tax cut that he's trying to extend. Yeah, and I I do think much like your point Tommy on the JS six rioters, Democrats are gonna have to work hard to publicize and lift up the stories of like, who's gonna benefit from the tax cuts.


Because my guess is that the Trump folks will sell the tax cut extension as middle class tax cuts for sure. In fact, I wouldn't even be surprised if they gave, if they tried to propose, you know, especially with JD Vance and that crew in there, like larger tax cuts for the middle class. So they actually are, are bigger than the $70 they got last time. And I think that we need to lift up the stories of the, you know, big CEOs and billionaires who are getting the tax cut. I also think, by the way, look, there's already companies that have said they're going to raise prices thanks to the tariffs. I think every time a company announces that they're gonna raise prices because of the tariffs, or every time they do raise prices, we need to make a huge fucking deal of it. We need to make a huge deal of of who's getting the rich people who are getting tax cuts.


And I think we should also talk about people who are making minimum wage and can barely afford to get by. And I think the frame of this is we took trumpet his word, you know, he's, he, he ran on making life more affordable for people and cutting costs and he's breaking his promise. He's betraying the people who voted for him. And you know, what I wouldn't do is say things like, oh, well too bad. This is what you voted for people or they're idiots or they deserved it because you, you already see this on, you know, people are already posting this. This is like the same people who are like, well the, you know, the, the Latinos and immigrants who voted for him, they deserve it if they get deported, right? Like we, this is not when he does this, it is, it is, he is breaking a promise to people that he made.


Yeah, Chipotle just announced that they're raising prices next year and then you look and they had an incredible increase in profits over the previous year. They're raising costs because they think they can get away with it. Corporations and Donald Trump and the billionaires around him are conspiring to raise prices. They're not focused on what you need. They're focused on each other and you'll pay the price. Another big topic in the interview is healthcare welcome pressed him on the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and on RFK Junior's plans for childhood vaccines. Let's listen, Sir, you said during the campaign you had concepts of a plan. Do you have an actual plan at this point for healthcare? Yes, We have concepts of a plan that would be better.


I'm not against vaccines. The polio vaccine is the greatest thing. If somebody told me get rid of the polio vaccine, they're gonna have to work real hard to convince me. I think vaccines are certain vaccines are incredible, but maybe some aren't. And if they aren't, we have to find out Before we get to vaccines. What do you think his answers their signal about how serious he is about taking on healthcare reform and going after the a CA? Again, I, I don't know that he cares about health policy as much as he hates Obama and acts accordingly. It, I don't know. It seems like he wants credit for all the good parts of the a CA but maybe doesn't wanna touch that hot stove again. But I, I don't know.


What do you guys think? I Agree. I I took it, he spent a while talking about how much he did to make Obamacare work, which is his new lie. It's obviously, it's it's not true. He sued to get rid of Obamacare and you know, and, and he even responds 'cause we points that he says, well that's what I was doing to try to get rid of it. But actually administering it, he was trying to sabotage it internally, sabotaging the enrollment periods, making it more difficult to sign up. So he wasn't, he was trying to undermine Obamacare at every turn. But it does seem like he doesn't want that fight. He also, yeah, I mean I think he understands that the appetite for a CA repeal isn't there. It's popular. It's like 60% Approval. It's the most popular it's ever been. Only 38% of people disapproved. The appetite isn't there in Congress either.


I do worry about Medicaid a lot because I think Republicans will want to gut Medicaid as part of the budget bill they're going to use to extend the Trump tax cuts. So I think we should watch that. Obviously Biden did the inflation reduction act as part of a budget reconciliation bill. We talked about that more than enough when it was happening. But I think Republicans are gonna now do something similar with the budget bill and they're gonna try to do tax cuts and then all of their other cuts to the budget. And I worry about healthcare programs that can be just, you know, cut or radically reduced just in the budget. I don't think they're gonna have the votes to actually repeal the insurance protections or the, or the law of the, the Affordable Care Act.


But I think a lot of the money that goes to making healthcare affordable for people, I I really do worry about that, right? The places where they'll look to make cuts that they think they can get away with will be Medicaid and will be food stamps. They will go after the programs that target the poor. Especially because in this interview and previously Trump has said that he wants to carve out social security and Medicare. He knows politically it's toxic. And so where are you gonna find the money to pay for a $200,000 tax cut for a person making $5 million? You're gonna cut food stamp increases by $20 a month. Yeah. And the doge bozos, like Elon and Vive are like learning in real time on Twitter that most of us spending federal spending is entitlement programs like Medicare, Medicaid, social security.


And they're like, amazing. Look at this quote tweet Drives me fucking nuts. It is like, like Day one, you guys All hear about this, The, the Elon posting, Elon posting something like, we are paying so much for healthcare, but we're not really getting a good value for it. Like, you fucking, we've been dealing with this, this is a, we talking about this for fucking 20 years. Good thing a brilliant man like me has looked into this. Yeah, you guys know that, that No one has done that before. You know, the administrative cost on private insurance versus Medicare or it's outta control. Fucking Ridiculous diligence, Brief exchange about abortion. Weka asked if he would be restricting access to abortion pills and he made it seem like he would not. I think the question is like, does he come under more pressure from Republicans in Congress now that they have a, a majority in both houses to do more in abortion than he might be inclined to do?


Or, you know, she asked the question about the abortion pill that would be an administrative action. Does some of the loons he has put in charge of his government decide to move on? That? That's the big question. I I think clearly Republicans want a national abortion ban. This is part of their project. There are a bunch of right wing zealots in the house in particular who will stop at nothing to get a, a federal abortion ban. The question is whether Speaker Johnson will keep those people under wraps if he and Trump have cut some sort of deal. I don't, yeah, I think that the, the votes aren't there in the house though. Republicans don't have a big enough majority and the frontline members are not in districts where they're going to, especially since the frontline members are a lot of them Blue state Republicans, they're not gonna wanna do that.


I think it's not, the appetite's not there among some enough Republican senators to do that. They're not gonna votes in the Senate either. I worry about, you know, the, the Comstock Act and, and what happens in the, within the administration. Yeah. The question is always on abortion with Trump has been not what does he want to do, but what is he willing to stop? That's why the most important question during the election was, would you veto a bill? That's, that's why the questions around what he would do administratively are so important and he has evaded those answers. I think he clearly understands how damaging politically this has been for him and does not want the fight, but a lot of people around him do. All right, let's talk about the vaccines all over the place there. He says that Kennedy won't be upending the system.


That's That was, yeah. But if you watch or read through, it's also pretty clear he is bought into The idea that there, there's been a, a huge spike in autism in America and that it has, has to be attributable to something external, maybe vaccines, who knows? Let's investigate. He also mentions at one point that it could be chlorine, chlorine in the water, chlorine presumably meaning fluoride, which we know RFK wants to get rid of. Oh, That's what he meant. Yeah. Okay. That's, that's what he meant. Got it. Cool. I didn't think that's, Unless he's worried About public pools, I don't know. I I took it to mean fluoride. Yeah. It Seemed the, the danger to me seems again that like Trump is at risk of just getting convinced by RFK Jr to make these major public health changes. Did, and, and by the way, if RFK goes off in his own and does some investigation, it's just an investigation like, oh, I wonder what's gonna turn up.


You know, This is the problem. RFK, this is what he cares about. This is the only thing he cares about. He, in 2021, he did a podcast interview where he said he goes hiking. If he sees a parent carrying a little baby, he'll say to them, better not get him vaccinated. Like literally, like he says, strangers, oh my God, on the hiking trail this, he said this. So that is not a, a nuanced perspective that includes a carve out p polio. This is a a, an ideologue who is dishonest, who is sloppy, and if he gets access to a big bunch of data, he's gonna find what he wants to find. And in the process, I don't know where Trump will land on all this, but in the process, the US government sowing chaos and, and making people hesitant or scared to get vaccines like that is gonna do damage.


Yeah. To me that's like the best case scenario is a huge fight over vaccines. And whether, you know, RFKs bullshit study is right or wrong. You could get a whole bunch of people in HHS who whistleblowers saying, no, this is bullshit, blah, blah, blah. I if there is, if there's conflict about it, that is gonna increase hesitancy, that's gonna do damage enough. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I think RFK junior coming out and trying to withdraw vaccine approvals causing a kind of giant national debate over this. Do I think that's necessarily gonna happen? No. I worry about the kind of quiet power this guy's gonna have behind the scenes to decide what gets funded, what doesn't get funded, who's in charge of overseeing like these investigations and like it's going the ways in which, like for a long time on abortion, the question was would the court overturn Roe v Wade?


And what they did was then the headlines would end up being court upholds Roe v. Wade while undermining abortion all along the way. And I worry about what happens when you have somebody like RFK Junior in charge of the Department of Health and Human Services and it comes out, RFK Junior will not be banning vaccines, but the policies that are now coming down from the top throughout HHS are undermining vaccination campaigns, undermining public health research, undermining the institutions that are not just making sure people are getting vaccinated now, but investigating and, and, and doing the research into the next generation of vaccines. Like I'm worried about the, like what happens when the headlines fade because he is not doing the big terrible thing and we just live with the slow degradation of what is the incredible public health apparatus, like the incredible achievements of America's public health system.


Yeah, I I think he's gonna do both. I mean, he's he's already said, I mean, there's some quote out there. We said, I'm gonna tell the, you know, the researchers that we're gonna hit pause for eight years on basically r and d on some of these vaccines and things. But what always happens with these anti-vax advocates is they get a mound of data and they find in what they want. Mm. And then the scientists on the other side are left having conversations about correlation, not causation and other variables and the uncertainty of the scientific process and yada yada yada. And we just lose that public debate. And in the process, a bunch of parents are like, I don't know man, this measles thing is scary and what you Do. I heard this story and I read something online. There's This awful example of a, of a child who, you know, got the shots and then all of a sudden wasn't responsive.


And, you know, that stuff is really powerful. Yeah. Next thing you know, they take away your diet Coke. Never, he's not stupid enough to go after Maya and Donald Trump's diet Coke. Yours. I know that's very draws the line. Foreign policy was not a major focus of the meet the press interview, which Trump recorded on Friday morning, two days before Assad's regime fell in Syria. Though the issue did come up when Welker asked about Tulsi Gabb Bird's nomination to be director of National Intelligence. Gabbard had a couple of infamous secret meetings with Assad that reportedly have a bunch of senators worried about her nomination with good reason. Let's listen to Trump's response. Let me ask you about former Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard. You picked her to be the director of National Intelligence, right? In 2017 she had two secret meetings with Syrian dictator Bashar Assad.


Do you have questions or concerns about those meetings? No. And he's got bigger problems right now. Well do Do you think it makes it hard for her? She country is collapsing? Yeah. I mean, do you think it compromises her ability To handle that? Know I with Putin, I met with President Xi of China. I met with Kim Jong-un twice. Does that mean that I when you were president be president? Well, when you were president they weren't secret meeting meetings. So you have confidence in Tulsi Gabbard. I do. So does a I mean, she's a very respected person. Before we get into the politics of it, Tommy, can you just walk everyone through what actually happened this weekend since this is now the biggest story in the world. I know you and Ben did a a bonus episode about this for Pod Save the World. Yeah. That everyone should check out. We recorded something Sunday. We'll do another one on Tuesday for Wednesday, but check 'em out if you want The longer story, I mean, the short answer is that in Syria, these opposition forces toppled 50 years of Assad rule and 13 years of the Civil War, and they just drove 'em outta town.


It was lightning speed. The rebels basically started coming south from northwestern Syria. And over the course of eight days, took city after city after city until they just rolled into Damascus. And in Assad had to fly to Russia where he will now live out the rest of his life, hopefully in some squalid conditions. So it's just a, a truly historic moment where one of the most brutal regimes in modern history fell in Assad, Bashar all Assad came after his father, who is just as brutal and, and took power in, in a coup and Bashar killed, you know, 500,000 of his own people through the course of the Civil War.


And he's just a truly horrific human being. Sounds like when push came to shove Iran and Russia really weren't there for Yeah. Their pals in Syria. They were Not there. They were, they were either tied up in Ukraine or tied up in Lebanon or Hezbollah had been decapitated by the Israelis. So his benefactors were not around to, to bail him out this time. Well Then let's talk about his other friend, friend, Tulsi Gabbard. What, what do you, what do you think this means for Gabbard nomination? Anything? I mean, that's a good question. I, so the kind of hit list on her, you meant they mentioned it there. She met with Assad twice. She flew to Syria to meet with him in 2017. Then she got this kind of PR tour around Aleppo after it had been bombed to dust by Assad and the Russians.


She said Assad is not the enemy of the United States. She refused to say Assad is a war criminal. She also refuses to believe that Assad used chemical weapons on his own people, which he very much did. And so there's all these other weird examples. Like in 2018, the House Foreign Affairs Committee held a closed door meeting with a Syrian defector who had smuggled all this evidence of assad's brutality and war crimes out of Syria. And bipartisan groups of staffers were so worried about tulsi being there that the guy wore a mask in like closed door hearings. And then there's this wow, that same NBC report that talks about that mentioned a trip tulsi took to the Turkey, Syria border, 2015. There she met with two little girls who had been horrifically burned from airstrikes while they were living at this IDP camp.


And she asked them, how do you know it was a Russians and Assad who bombed you and not isis? And the answer is, ISIS doesn't have an Air Force, you fucking moron. So it's like, are you, are you an Assad fan? Are you just that stupid? You know what I mean? Like how do you get To Neither speaks very well for qualifications for DNI. No, Yeah, there's also the, she, she embraced the conspiracy theory around bio labs in Ukraine and like, you know, this has become like ideological and because like, and John Bolton has been one of like the most like fervent opponents. Yeah. But the point he made, which is just like, this isn't, she just seems like she has terrible judgment. Exactly. Like it's not ideological.


She's a fucking kook. And like, whether or not the fact that she was so solicit us towards Assad and like the specific situation in Syria aside, like the fact that all this is unfolding as she's about to go into these hearings is a reminder. Like this is a serious and important job. Like the, the like Trump one part in the welcome interview welcome says, you know, you said you would end the war in one day if you were president. So how's that going? Yeah, it's going and it is like, to me, like it is a, the heg says stuff that Gabbard stuff, it's a reminder to me like Trump has won twice as a challenger. He has lost as an incumbent.


And it is easy to say how, how, how we will solve every problem and understand how to turn every key when you are a candidate. But when you are president, these are serious, real and complicated issues that demand serious capable people. And Tulsi Gabbard, Pete Hegseth, these are not those people. Yeah. You Need a team and like I I get where Tulsi iss coming from on not saying Assad is not the enemy of the United States. She's just trying to make an argument that we shouldn't go to war in Syria or on behalf of the Syrian opposition. I, I, I understand that. But in service of that goal, she became an apologist for this evil war criminal who was using, you know, chemical weapons on his own people who was throwing people in these gulags and torturing them for years and years and years.


And so, you know, there's gonna be the Gabbard hearing, but then there's gonna be a set of policy questions for Trump. There's 900 US troops sitting in Syria right now working with these Kurdish forces to keep ISIS at bay. There's Syrian chemical weapons stockpiles that are kinda litter throughout the country still. These Israelis were bombing those over the weekend. CENTCOM was hitting all these ISIS targets. There's gonna be this need to make sure that this isn't just chapter one of the Syrian Civil War, but that something good comes out of it. Some sort of viable state because the, the Syrian Civil War led to 5 million people I think fleeing beyond Syria who are living as refugees. Most of them are in the sort of neighboring countries like Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, et cetera.


But, you know, I think Germany took like 800,000 refugees in a lot of those people want to go home. A lot of that migration destabilized the politics in these European countries and led to the rise of these far right parties. So there's a huge opportunity right now for the international community to step up, help Syria, help people come home and make it a viable state and not let it devolve into just another fucking nightmare for these people who have lived through hell for the last decade. And the question is, what is Trump gonna do? 'cause his tweet is like, not our problem. That's his take. And then his DNI is like an a sod fan. And Then you have Rubio who's been a hawk, right? It's just like, like the contradictions get resolved when you're governing. They, they can exist while you're campaigning.


They don't get to continue to exist when you're governing. Yeah. Did you see in, in Playbook today? They, they were reporting that, you know, Gabb Bird's defenders now are gonna say, well, she once called him a brutal dictator. And, and also she has top secret clearance. So this, if there was any problems, this would've come up, then that process is always perfect. Right. And then, and then she was just promoted also to like to be a lieutenant colonel in the Army Reserve. So that's, that's, you know, all of this stuff is like qualifications for that. But I'm like, I Don't, I don't think the Army reserve process probably isn't geared to look into international fucking trips to meet with Assad. Like I, I'm sure she did what she needed to do to earn that promotion, but like it's a ridiculous defense. Yeah.


They're the, the Air Force reservist named Jack Dera was the kid who leaked all those top secret documents onto the discord to his gamer buddy. So I, I don't know that that's the bar we're gonna hold the DNI to, It seems, seems wise.


Get the Honda of your dreams during Happy Honda Days with a sporty new Civic Accord, HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-v a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR fee. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude civic SI and type R


Pod. Save America is brought to you by Give. Well, you like to optimize things. You've chosen the perfect credit card to maximize your travel points. Shouldn't you handle your charitable giving the same way? Give well spends 50,000 hours every year doing deep dives into charitable programs to try to find the ways to do the most good for your dollar. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate more than $2 billion. Rigorous evidence suggests that these donations will save over 200,000 lives and improve the lives of millions more. GiveWell wants as many donors as possible to make informed decisions about high impact giving. You can find all of their research and recommendations on their site for free. You can make tax deductible donations to their recommended funds or charities And give well, doesn't take a cut. Go to give well.org to find out more or make a donation select podcast and enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know you heard about them from us. Again, that's Give well.org to donate or find out more. And then select podcast and enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know we sent you.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Aura Frames. I think the perfect gift is something that shows real thought and effort and time and is personalized and meaningful to the person, which is probably why the people we love the most can often be the hardest ones to shop for. Luckily, there's one gift that everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. The Aura Digital Picture frame named number one by Wirecutter Aura Frames makes it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give Aura Frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with a thoughtful message and photos using the Aura app, making it an ideal present for the long distance. Loved ones, I've got Aura Frames for a bunch of family members. It's a great gift because you can just constantly upload new photos. You know, if you've got a, a new baby in the house, you've got a pet you love. If you just want to show mom and dad what you're up to consider an Aura frame, I guarantee you they will love it. Save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using the promo code crooked to checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code crooked. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


We've been following the shooting of United Healthcare, CEO, Brian Thompson, like everyone else, a story that now clearly has a political angle. Well, Because he is running for the 2028 primary, Correct? Yes. We don't know which party as of this recording. Monday afternoon, LA time Police have a strong person of interest in custody. 26-year-old Luigi Mangione, who was apprehended at a McDonald's in Pennsylvania with a backpack containing a gun, a silencer, fake IDs, matching the ones used in New York, and a handwritten manifesto that didn't give the health insurance industry the best reviews. This was after the bullet casings found at the scene, had the words delay, deny and depose written on them the reactions on social media, which is why this is one of the reasons why this is a big story.


Story have ranged from people joking about the murder to celebrating it. UnitedHealth Group had to shut off the Facebook reactions to the announcement of Thompson's death. After nearly 75,000 users responded with a laughing emoji. The reaction inevitably reached the point where politicians got asked about it. Here's California Congressman Roanna on ABCs this week on Sunday. Let me just say it was horrific. I mean, this is a father we're talking about of two children, and my sympathies to the entire family. There is no justification for violence. But the outpouring afterwards has not surprised me. Look, I as a congressperson, had United Healthcare deny a prescription for a nasal a hundred dollars pump spray, and I couldn't get them to reverse this.


So imagine what ordinary people are dealing with. The biggest denial comes when it's cancer treatment. I mean, people are getting denied on cancer treatment. And my view is very simple. Why can't we have a rule that if a doctor prescribes something and if Medicare, traditional Medicare is gonna cover it, then private insurance companies should be forced to cover it. I mean, it's absurd in this country. What's going on? I think that's a good idea. What do you guys think of Rose's answer and and what's your general take on, on this story? So, I like when I saw that the shooting had happened, I was just, I was like, okay, so here's what's gonna happen next. I just was waiting for it. Like there's gonna be a round of people celebrating it. There's gonna be a round of people criticizing the people for celebrating it.


Then a round of people criticizing those people for not understanding the pain that people are experiencing in their lives. Everybody, Next thing you know, universal healthcare, right? Like right, it's sort of like Medicare for all or else, right? Those are the worst ideas I've heard. But the but the kind of like performative, the way, the way you demonstrate you really understand what's broken in our healthcare system is by performing this lack of empathy. That's how you demonstrate you really get it. And if you don't have that lack of empathy, that means you don't really get it. All of that, I was just sort of like, just sort of waiting for, and of course like unfolded actually worse than I expected. Mm. It was all pretty ugly. The thing that I, there was a lot of like earned vitriol, like insurance companies.


Some are better than others. Plenty play games, even break the law to try to avoid paying. We have a cruel and broken system. Like that's what we have. Like this guy well compensated is a tool of a broken system. This insurance company exists and benefits from a broken system. And like that to me, like I, I want to have a debate about the broken healthcare system and why we have this ridiculous system where half the people get insurance through work, which creates these incredibly convoluted and broken incentives where we have publicly traded companies that exist to create a difference between how much they pay out in health benefits versus how much they recoup in premiums. Like their job is to maximize that differential.


We built a whole system around it. That's fucking stupid. That is terrible. That causes all kinds of harms. But like The idea that we're gonna associate the murder of a health executive with Medicare for all to me does not bring us anywhere closer to Medicare for all. We're not gonna shoot our way to, to universal healthcare. And it ends up becoming a kind of vicious and negative and divisive debate. A debate we can win without kind of needing to resort to this sort of like ridiculous kind of performative, I don't know what you'd call it. Theatrics. Heroics. I don't know. Yeah. People can make jokes. The reason I don't make them is because I just think that people all have families and you know, that's, think about it on a human level.


And then also, you know, deciding that we're tacitly supporting targeted assassination is a slipperiest of slopes in my view. And I saw people saying, well, you know, United Health Healthcare is responsible for more deaths 'cause they deny claims. Well, what if someone decides that rationale applies to like, you know, abortion rights groups, it goes after their CEOs, right? And I, I just, I think copycat violence is a real problem. So let's just not celebrate this stuff. That said, everyone has had a terrible interaction with a insurance company. Every single person, the insurers reject one in seven claims for treatment. ProPublica had a really long investigation in February of 2023. That's worth reading about UnitedHealthcare. It, it's, it's a one story about the treatment of a patient who finally found an effective treatment for a debilitating disease that was wildly expensive.


He was denied. His family then sued and they got access to all these, you know, recorded calls and documents and things that just outlined the way United Healthcare put profits ahead of his healthcare or anything else and lied and did all these horrible things. So, but I, I think the net effect of this incident is probably gonna be that a bunch of corporate CEOs getting armed security and their customers pay for it. And that's, you know, the frustrating part. Yeah. I mean, according to the New York Times, some people on social media said that people who have information about the killing shouldn't share it with authorities. The hostile that he was staying in was cooperating with the authorities and they, they got threats because they were cooperating. Some people posted names and pictures of other health insurance executives.


I'm gonna take the, I'll take the, the Neil Libs squishy Centris position. That murder. That's it. Let's hear it. Murder Is bad. Yeah. Also denying people lifesaving healthcare because they can't afford it Bad. How about that? Wow. That's An incredible, how about that? Incredible. Isn't that crazy? Incredible. Love to start this Third incredible Hope. All the hope all the murderers are caught and punished. Also, hope we pass more laws to make sure that everyone can get the healthcare they need without the insurance company putting them through hell, which insurance companies frequently do. Yeah. The I I feel like the other que like, why do we have a system where all these people have horror stories, like terrible stories about what it's like to engage with these companies. These companies exist to deny claims and make life harder.


And you know, Barack Obama used to tell stories about what it was like when his mother had cancer and how you're, you're dealing with the worst moment of your life and you're on the phone with insurance companies. Like why does this system exist? And the debate online, fine, it's not real life. But I do think it captures something that is real about the healthcare debate, which is there are all these people that are screaming, like, the system is fucking stupid. It is stupid. Right? And yet when you try to change it, you run into this buzz saw. Now part of that is because the insurance lobby donates a lot to campaigns. They run a lot of ads. There's a lot of anti-government, anti Medicare propaganda, a lot of right wing propaganda about this. But the reality is when you ask people do you like your insurance?


The vast majority say they do. Even when a majority of those people say they've had problems with their health insurance, that one in six say that they've had claims that they could never resolve. Yeah. But they could never resolve. Just, just to put some statistics there, like Kaiser Family Foundation did very large poll June of last year, June of 23, 80 1% of people give their health insurance a rating of excellent or good. Now if you're in poorer health, that number falls, but it falls to 68%. Still pretty high. 58% say they've had a problem with their health insurance in the last year though half of those people say it was resolved to their satisfaction. And then 27%. So one in three people say in the last year they've had a specific issue with a claim denial or the insurance company paying less than they had hoped the insurance company would pay.


Clearly a problem. To your point though, let's talk about what the barriers are, right? What happened in, when we tried to pass the Affordable Care Act, right, which was a herculean effort that cost a lot of Democrats, their jobs, a lot of house members. Everyone talks about what happened in 2010 and like why didn't down ballot win and was it OFA or this or that? No, no, no. A bunch of people took the vote, knew that they would probably lose because they took the vote for Affordable Care Act. But they thought it was important enough to do anyway. And they did it the Affordable Care Act, which didn't even pass with the public option because we didn't have the votes for a public option, which still isn't single payer. We passed a bunch of insurance company reforms that put a bunch of new regulations on insurance companies.


But we couldn't get more than that. Fast forward to the 2020 Democratic primary where the central debate in the primary was over Medicare for All. And what happened there, Medicare for all ended up less popular than it started at the beginning of the primary. Because when you ask people, should the government guarantee health insurance people say yes, like 60% say yes. When you ask people, do you think it should be a government run system or a private insurance system? More people want private insurance than they do government. That number has narrowed now. But that's still, so it is not, it is a problem with the insurance industry. It is a problem with their lobby. It is a problem with the money and politics. It is certainly a problem with the Republican party, but it's also we have work to do convincing people to change this system.


Well it's also, I I think, look, I think the fact that profit is in the healthcare system is the original sin here. Yes. And the thing that we would all wanna get rid of, but the Challenge, if we were doing it over again, we would have a sure out profit in the system For sure. Single payer Medicare for all type system. The challenge that you outlined though, is getting people to trust that the government is going to competently administer that system is also a great challenge. I imagine that challenge was not aided by the rollout of healthcare.gov during the a CA fight and rollout in the second Obama term. So, well Then let's talk about why that was such a, a challenge. Right? In, in 2013, as part of the Affordable Care Act, we said, look, if insurance companies try to give people these shitty plans that don't cover anything where they're paying a lot of money, but they still can't get good coverage, what the government's gonna do is say, we're gonna cancel those plans.


And the government canceled those plans and suddenly there was a fucking uproar like you wouldn't believe because people said, I thought I could keep my health insurance if I liked my health Insurance. 'cause we said, because because of of a line that you had to include when you were campaigning to reform the healthcare system, which is, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, which was gonna be true for it. 98% of people. Also, the website didn't work too. That wasn't great. What I was saying, the bigger one was the, the real political problem was why did we get all these cancellations? And now people are like, well, everyone hates their health insurance plan. Well actually no. We tried to cancel a bunch of really shitty plans that didn't do a lot to cover people and there was a fucking uproar. So that's not to say that we sh of course we should try again, but it is much more complicated with actual people.


The other part of this is like, oh, people, people also say they're comfortable with expanding insurance by the government. They just, like, I I do think, like, okay, so half the country roughly has health insurance through their employer. That is the system we built. That is a convoluted broken system that creates a bunch of perverse incentives. It means that insurers don't cover, don't have an much of an incentive to cover preventative care. 'cause if you change jobs, you change insurers creates a whole host of problems. Small percentage of people buy their own insurance by 10%. The rest are either uninsured or in the public systems. Hmm. We already have a huge chunk of the country in public healthcare. And that poll that John talked about, it said that 81% of people like their private insurance, it's even higher for Medicare.


Mm. Medicare is extremely popular. And I do think like the point that Rohan makes in that, in that interview is, is smart, right? Like that private insurance should cover anything Medicare should cover. He's thinking about the ways in which to make private insurance more like Medicare basically, which costs far less to administer, right? The huge percentage of, of, of, of private insurance Costco towards administration. What's administration? It's paying the staff that reviews claims, tries to make their cost low, right? It's like it's money that goes to getting worse healthcare than actually paying providers. But like part of what happens when you end up only debating when, when the debate becomes about are you forcing single payer or against single payers? You don't have other debates, a debate like, should we lower the Medicare eligibility age to 60?


How about that? Or I was gonna say to your point about people liking Medicare so much, I think that the plan offered in 2020 that was both the best plan, but also the most politically palatable plan and that most people liked it was, remember Pete Buttigieg proposed Medicare for all who want it? Yes. And so basically it would allow anyone, if you really want Medicare and you wanna be covered by Medicare, you can choose that. And if you really don't want that and you really want your private health insurance plan, you can choose that. And The idea would be that Medicare would be so popular that more and more people would buy in and we would eventually transition to a system where Medicare covers everyone. There's a lot of, yes, that was a sort of a form of a public option, but like you lower the medic, like, you know, the public option was killed from Obamacare and it was killed by a bunch of centers.


They all hid behind Joe Liberty and it was killed by a bunch of people. But one thing that Joe Lieberman personally killed was the Medicare buy-in for people. And that was just a policy to help. Like if you were between the ages of 60 and 65, that is where your health, you're not yet in Medicare, but you still are in the age where you're starting to have more and more health problems. It's extremely expensive group to ensure if you get laid off when you're 58, you're it's incredibly expensive. Like there's a huge bunch of problems that happen there. And Joe Lieberman personally killed a Medicare buy-in, but like if we could get the Medicare age down to 60, I, it cost about $25 billion a year. But tiny, tiny fraction of the budget. And that alone would bring healthcare costs down for fucking everybody just by din of getting this pool of expensive people to insure off.


But like, these are the kinds of things I think we should be talking about, like simple fixes that get us on the road to Medicare for all. Because if you're, if you, if like, if like, like Ro Rohan has said, like you're not surprised by the reaction. There's an incredible amount of anger and antipathy towards health insurance companies. We should target it. We should direct it towards a political aim that could actually help people as soon as possible. Well, guess what? If, if there were democratic majorities in Congress and Democratic president, we'd, we'd get a public option. We didn't last time around, even though Joe Biden proposed it because we had Kirs Cinon and Joe Manchin. If we had won the Senate this time around and won the house and won the presidency, then we'd be talking about a public option for a second Term. And these should be part of the, like when we talk about like, what are Democrats for?


We spent a long, you know, what is our big agenda for the future? Like these kinds of big changes have to be part of it.


All right, before we go, if anyone's looking for a last minute stalking stuffer, we do have a gift for you. My new Trump fragrances are here. They make a great Christmas present. I've named them fight, fight, fight because they represent winning. We all want to be winning. We have to win as a nation. We wanna win as a family. This fragrance is all about strength and success and confidence for men and for women. Get yourself a bottle and don't forget to grab one for your loved ones too. They'll thank you. And they'll even smell good. That's, it's like, how is that real? I hadn't listened to the a million. How is that, that real smell? Good. Hey, did, did a, did a raccoon with Axe body spray wander into McDonald's? No, no. That's my new cologne. That's, that's my new cologne. It's fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. I'm wearing my Donald Trump sent a cologne. It's fight, fight, fight.


Donald Trump was in Paris this weekend at the reopening of the Notre Dame Cathedral. Jill, the first lady was there, Jill Biden. Apparently they were sitting near each other. They spoke. It was a pleasant exchange. There's a picture of Trump talking to Jill Biden where she's smiling. Trump posted that picture with a caption that said A fragrance your enemies can't resist. Used as an ad for fight, fight, fight. Look, I think, I think you don't want to, the fucking liberal media doesn't wanna face it. Jill Biden wants to fuck Donald Trump. That's, oh my God, that's in Notre Dame Cathedral in a holy fucking place. That's what, that's what the news won't, oh God. News won't fucking cover it. All the news won't talk about it.


The news won't talk about it. We'll say there's a lot of laughter from the coach. Farrah's draw dropped. It's like The, he kept rolling out these products during the campaign and I was like, maybe he thinks he's gonna lose and he's just getting like one last grift in. But now he's president and he's rolling out a fragrance. Come on man. You have so many avenues for corruption, you're gonna be just fine. You don't need a fragrance. They always want more. I always want more. Get the crypto, get the, It's called fight, fight, fight. Because it represents winning. That just doesn't make, doesn't make a lot of sense. You gotta smell a listen. There's thing smell like a winner. You gotta that heat there. That would've been a better tagline.


You Got it. Trump fragrance smell like a winner. You gotta go in the store and smell the fragrances. You could, well you gotta trust it based on a brand. It could smell like anything. Yeah, There needs to be a a someplace to buy this stuff where the money doesn't go to him. Like a secondary sale, you know, kind of used fragrance store. I don't wanna give him money, but bottle, bottle, bottle around the office and squirt it on you guys. Fight, fight, fight. That's our chae for today. If you have smelled fight, fight, fight Cologne, please let us know what it smells. Likey it sold to me. Yeah. And it says if anyone's looking for a present for me, you know what to get me. That's our cha for today. We'll be back with a new show on Wednesday. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Ferris Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production.


Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles. Variety raves. Maria is absolute perfection and entertainment. Weekly Hails Academy Award winner Angelina Jolie, brings tragedy and triumph to the last days of opera singer Maria Callis. Finally, I am in control And critics agree it's a towering toward forced performance from Angelina Jolie and a career best My life is opera.


There is no reason in opera Maria directed by Pablo Loray for your consideration now playing it's like Peterson on Netflix


This holiday season, add a little McCormick Magic that can turn these sounds into these sounds and this into an unforgettable holiday feast. Only with a few shakes of McCormick, cinnamon pepper, and every flavor in between. Make the holidays memorable with McCormick. Tap the banner to see our signature holiday recipes or visit mccormick.com.