
When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust made in. It's made from the world's finest materials. so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson and I use maiden cookware. Shop Chef Quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply Safe Home Security. It's Labor Day Weekend Sure is. Tommy, do you have any big Labor Day weekend plans for The weekend that just occurred? I had such. Did you have any such a good time? Oh, this, well, this came out after. Yeah. Barbecues and family and friends. Yes. Same. Oh boy. Oh boy. Did I? Whether you're home or away for a long holiday weekend, simply Safe helps you protect your home and family, not only from intruders, but from other home threats. In the event of a fire, simply safe calls immediately to make sure you're safe. It can even dispatch firefighters to your door if you can't be reached. I set up a SimpliSafe system. It's incredibly easy to do. Worked right out of the box. You can customize it to your home. The app is incredibly easy to use and reliable. With fast protect, monitoring and live guard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stomp them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel anytime. Pricing is transparent and affordable. Less than $1 per day, with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service and home security. According to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi I. am Dan Pfeiffer And. I'm John Favreau. The Cricket staff is out enjoying a well deserved break this holiday weekend ahead of the final election. push So instead of your normally scheduled Pod Save America. We're excited to bring you a very special episode of Dan's subscriber exclusive show On Pollercoaster. We explore what the polls really mean and assess whether or not it's time to hit the panic button. In this special episode, you'll hear excerpts from my conversations with polling experts, Selinda Lake and Terrence Woodbury on where Trump and Harris stand in swing states and with black voters. Plus, we'll get into what Demps need to do to secure an absolutely vital win in November. All right, I guess I'll wait to hit the panic button until after I hear the episode.


Get access to Pollercoaster and other exclusive crooked pods like inside 2024 by subscribing to Friends of the Pod. Sign up through Apple Podcasts or head to crook.com/friends to get our discord community benefits add free Pod, Save America, and much more. Okay, let's get into it. In 2016 and 2020, the polls underrepresented Trump voters, Do. you have any reason to believe that that could be the case again? Or do you think there's been enough changes in the industry or shifts in the electorate to mitigate that concern? So originally against Biden, I was not at all worried about it. There was no such thing as a shy Trump voter for God's sake.


It sounded like your idea, like we're gonna make Trump more mega. Yeah, right. So I was not worried about it at all. I do think now there might be, and we may get to the point where Trump says, don't answer the polls, which had a real impact on us. We have all changed our methodology a lot. We're all looking at multiple turnout scenarios. We now all make sure that we don't replace a Trump voter with a Biden voter, et cetera, et cetera. But I'm always nervous about that and I'm always nervous about their surge in turnout. They've also done a lot more in terms of vote by mail. They're now getting into vote by mail, and Trump specifically wants vote by mail. That's dangerous from two aspects.


It's dangerous because You know it may up their turnout. It's also dangerous because it can reduce a lot of ticket splitting. Women when they can vote in the voting booth, get to make up their own mind with their own priorities. Interesting. Husbands and wives sit down together to vote by mail. And so she's ready enthusiastically marking Hillary or Harris and her husband says, what are you doing? We're not, we're not Harris voters. We're voting for Trump. And then she goes, oh, I'm not. I'm not fighting about this. Yeah. So that worries me too. So yes, I am concerned and I think hopefully You know the current polls four points ahead, nine points ahead among independents, getting our turnout out and now having the ability to do that less.


It's clear the third party still pull from us. So getting that vote down, this team knows what it needs to do. It'll do it well. But yes, I always worry that we should not underestimate the Trump's surgeon as discussed it As we get they can get reinforced. Hmm. So Blueprint Research, which is a Democratic research firm, did a very in-depth poll of the issues that relates to Kamala Harris, what people know about her, where they, where she has some advantages and disadvantages and what is in that poll is fascinating. But some of the top line takeaways are people dunno a lot about her. That's an important point. They don't know a lot about her policy positions. She has natural advantages on abortion.


She's been talking, she's been talking about it. I mean that's been the thing she has focused the most on in public since the Dobbs decision. And she's obviously much more comfortable and persuasive talking about it than President Biden has been. Who while he has taken some very bold stances about restoring Roe and done some aggressive, as You know, aggressive executive actions on it, it's obviously not his favorite issue. It's not one he's most comfortable with. She, she talks about it You know and, and all the dimensions of it, right in great detail. You know IVF contraception, You know people dealing with ectopic pregnancies. So all like she is, she's just, she has been great on the issue.


So she has advantage there. She has work to do on the border. She has some You know there's been this bullshit narrative that she's, the borders are, and that's where Republicans are going. So she's gonna have to do some work there to find a way to defend herself and chart a potentially different course going forward than the administration has had to date. But this poll really found that was interesting was because she's so undefined, she has the capacity to take a lot of credit for the good things that the Biden administration has done and find ways to distance herself from some of the things people like less and the people blame her less. Right? People generally don't think the vice president's responsible for managing the economy. So she is taking less of the anger and inflation than Biden was because she is a former prosecutor and I think she has the capacity to talk about how she took on the big banks and won all this money for people in a huge housing settlement.


Has the predatory lenders, all these other things. She has the capacity she's seen as, and the potential to be even seen even more as someone who will take on bad actors in the economy. Powerful special interests that is very, that I think could be very compelling. So it's, it's the same issues that Biden had. She just has more upside to def to fill in the blanks in ways that are positive and persuasive to the swing footer universe. How does Tim wa help her win? Well, first of all, let's put this in in context. The most that any VP has ever made a difference is 2%. Hmm. And the most difference they make is on the day they're announced creating excitement, saying something about the character of the person saying something about their decision making abilities.


I think Tim Waltz is a perfect compliment. First of all, clear executive ability, likability, relatability, and part of the Midwest strategy. Even though he is not from one of the battleground Midwest states, he's still communicates those Midwestern values. And I think he's great in terms of answering some of the woke agenda, You know you mentioned that obviously he's not from Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin You know there's some talk that Josh Shapiro could have helped in Pennsylvania, a state that has been decided by less than a point last couple times around Mark Kelly could have helped in Arizona. A critical state vice president here needs at least one of those to win. And Pennsylvania is probably the key one.


Any risk in not picking particularly Shapiro You know, obviously, as you say, one to two points. You know there's some research that shows that there's a home state advantage of about one to one and a half points that obviously would be twice the margin of what Pennsylvania been in recent elections. What do you think? Well, I think that at particularly with such short notice, I love Josh Shapiro and I love Mark Kelly, and I think Josh Shapiro's just an incredible leader. I think he's gonna be president someday, but I think there was an awful lot of controversy. And when you've only got 90 days left, it's good not to have controversies. The other study that doesn't get talked about as much is Democratic governors improve the margin in their states, whether they're on the ticket or not.


So they improve at about a point and a half. So we're gonna have that advantage anyway. And Josh Piros a very, very popular governor. He's gonna campaign hard, his slogan was Get it Done, which is a perfect slogan for the moment. so I think we get all the advantages and it's like a twofer and, and we had only good picks. And I think these people will campaign in their states anyway. I mean, Mark Kelly loved having an astronaut, love his border experience, love the military, love among guns. These people are gonna campaign in their states anyway, and they're gonna help in their states a lot. And they're gonna help validate and introduce Vice President Harris, who still is not that well known.


So we get all the advantages of everybody this way. And I think that's a big, big plus. How important do you think the contrast with JD Vance is? so I, you basically beat me to the point I try to make all the time, is the vice presidential, like it's an important moment for the campaign. It's a time when everyone pays attention. It's great for organizing, great for fundraising. But in terms of actually moving the race You know you're talking a point or two here, which is As, we both pointed out decisive in recent elections. But how important do you think the contrast is just comparing Vance and Waltz, like they're gonna be on stage together at some point in the coming weeks. Does that say anything? Is there political advantage there? Does it say anything about the different styles between Trump and and Kamala Harris? I think it's a huge advantage. I mean, governor Waltz has really brings people together.


He's a uniter. He is not a divider at all. He does not say whacked out things. And he has great respect for women, including the women in his state. And he is the one that coined the term weird. JD Vance is just dangerous and weird in my opinion. And his wife can try to explain why you'd say these things. But I think real people are having trouble understanding how you even come up with these configurations. I think that JD Vance was a Midwest strategy pick, and he may end up being just good for energizing the base, but You know they are turning inward. They are getting so under siege that they are turning inward. And what they are doing to energize their base and keep their base on board is really jeopardizing the swing vote.


So this stuff is horrifying to suburban voters, to women voters. And I think we're gonna see a record gender gap. And Tim Waltz has always won with women voters in close races. He has solidly won women voters. So he is someone who comes across as someone who respects women, fights for women, delivers for women, and delivers for their families, gets their lives. And JD Vance is just mystifying at every term. I still remain mystified by the Vance Pick 'cause You know You're right. It it like, to the extent there's any value at all, it's the base. That's the one place where Trump has no problems. And is there like a MAGA voter somewhere who thinks that Donald Trump is not MAGA enough, but JD Vance will push him over the, I don't think that person exists right now.


I can imagine a voter who You know maybe is a Biden Trump voter in rural or Exurban Pennsylvania or Michigan, they don't really know Kamala Harris that well. They have some concerns, like they've maybe never voted for a woman or a person of color for president or even governor before. And Tim Walls could be the tiebreaker there. But the political logic of Tim Walls, right, without overstating, it makes a ton of sense to me. The political logic of JD Vance, I'm still somewhat mystified by All politics, is personal. And I truly believe it was the two sons, the Trump sons. Yeah. That sealed that deal. And I think they stopped vetting and they should have kept vetting. Let's take a quick break and we'll be right back.


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. As You know folks, we live in a time where we just expect things to happen fast. The internet procures answers to any questions instantly. You can touch an app and a car will pick you up within minutes and you can order literally anything and have it delivered the next day. See people, there was a, a joke about how someone was like, Ugh, prices are so high. It's like our prices high. Or did you order a private taxi for your burrito You know. Good question. Something To think about. That's a good question. So here's a question. Are the things that are still slow, what else do you wish would happen fast? This election? This Election? I've always wondered, it would be cool if you could kind of just get your brain to black out for like a workout. You know 45 minutes later it just over and you did it and you don't remember it. No, I think that that's right. I think that's right. Sometimes I think the announcements on planes are too slow. Like, it's like, why does it feel like you don't know this? you Know what, they're all doing a Chuck Yager impression 'cause Right. 'cause the they all, He famously was like, we're crashing into the ground three. It'll be 30,000 feet. And yeah, it's interesting. There was a, there's a culture that was created by that voice. What a funny thing. Well, if you're a business owner, You know it takes a lot of time to build your business and hire for it. But with ZipRecruiter, the hiring part is much faster. We've used ZipRecruiter for years at Crooked and it works really well. Helps you get in touch with the right candidates We've hired here You know people, great people. Great. Great people. Yeah. Awesome. Great people. See it for yourself right now. You can try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. Once again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked.


Positive America is brought to you by Americans United for separation of church and state clean water, fresh air, our health, electricity, we tend to take for granted the things that matter most like the separation of church and state. For more than 75 years, Americans United has been on the front. Lies defending your freedom to live and believe as you choose so long as you don't harm others. But that right is not a given. Every day, it seems like Christian nationalists are hatching new plots to force us all to live by their narrow beliefs. Yeah. It's called Project 2025. This is, this is heavily featured in there, backed by a billion dollar shadow network. This vocal minority is pushing their anti-democratic agenda everywhere. But here's the thing, you can make a difference. Join Americans United for Separation of church and state in our growing movement. 'cause church state separation protects everyone. Learn more and get involved at au.org/crooked. That's au.org/crooked.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say something that is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy. For me, listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, You know what's therapy for me. Therapy. Therapy. Because when it comes to sorting out issues, dealing with stress or loss, or figuring out relationship struggles, you can't beat the real thing. Yes, smashing that tennis racket's, not gonna, won't help. Deal with that issue. Won't help. Issue just won't help. BetterHelp. Online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built to around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, and or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash psa and go today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/psa.


Talk To me a little bit about what you've seen in the polling shift over the last few weeks here as, as Vice President Harris has become the nominee. Well, we've seen the enthusiasm gap and our, our side now as enthusiastic as theirs. We should not underestimate how enthusiastic their side is. And so, but our side very enthusiastic too. Seeing incredible surge with young people. We now have a nine point advantage with independence. Biden had an advantage with independence for a long time, but was losing it toward the end of his run. We see African Americans completely solidified African American women. The number may even beat what Biden got. African American following very quickly behind young men of color voting very strongly.


And now the most recent polls today show Latinos as well. Now the flip side is you see a little bit more reticence with older non-college women. Hmm. Seniors where actually Biden was doing slightly better. So there is some shifting, but tremendous unification, enthusiasm, mobilization of the base. You've also seen the complete collapse of the third party candidates. You know where people said, I'm sick of the lesser of two evils. There are a lot of people now that think I don't have a lesser of two evils. I have. so I'm excited about. Is it fair to say that it felt certainly after the, the debate and sort of the weeks before that, that we were in a world and where the only really realistic path to two 70 was to sweep Pennsylvania and Michigan, Wisconsin, the second district in Nebraska.


Right. The polling, at least right now, makes it feel like we're back in the game where cum says multiple paths. Those are, that's probably still the easiest path given the history of those states. But now You know, it felt like Nevada, Arizona and Georgia were off the table. Is is it fair to say they're all competitive now? Absolutely. And the latest data out of Georgia, and this has gotta be one of my all time favorite numbers, were even all of the, their two senators and their governor are very, very popular. And what did Donald Trump spend his entire rally doing? Yes. Tearing apart his own governor. Yeah. I think you know what he's doing and what we are doing, make these states open. Registration in North Carolina just tipped.


The Republicans have been running ahead of us the whole year, the whole two years, frankly. Now Democrats are ahead. So You know some of these are stretches. But yeah, we spreading them thin and they're shorter of money. We've got a lot of models and we got a lot of places to go. And people are excited about that enthusiasm. And it's always scary when you're down to one state or one seat that it can be, yeah. Taken away from you. In the polling that I've seen mostly public, but some private shows, obviously as you indicate dramatic improvement with black voters, Latino voters, young voters, but still a little below where Biden was in 2020. And if Harris is losing some of what Biden had with either older voters or white voters, what, so what's sort of the priority order and targets to get up to a win number here?


So the electorate has shifted a little bit too since 2020 and certainly since 2016. So that's good news because there're more of the kinds of voters she's doing well with and you're seeing registration increase. Although I think we all should be very worried about voter suppression. But in general, I think the biggest dynamic is she is going to do better with women, I think, than Joe Biden did. And she's not gonna get all the men now, Biden might not have gotten all the white blue collar men he got in 2020 either. Oh, for sure. Yeah. So we're gonna have probably a record gender gap. and of course the formula for success for any Democrat in any close race.


You gotta win women by more than you lose men by. And that's what we gotta make sure we do. Then we gotta get our vote out. And that looks a whole lot easier today than it did a month ago. There was a conversation happening in the media that perhaps Trump was overseeing the largest racial realignment, electoral politics since the Civil Rights Act. As, we sit here today, where are we? Oh man, Dan, the world has changed. You know and, and and, and nowhere do I see the world changing more than I do in the cross tabs. Yep. That's where you live. The cross Tabs. I live in the cross tabs. That is my world, right? Yes. My world is a spreadsheet. Yeah. So when I look at that world, I see Kamala Harris really beginning to reassemble the democratic coalition that we thought was splintering, that You know we had some time to bring back together.


But in four weeks, we have seen her quite literally bring back the 2020 Biden Coalition where Donald Trump has always been winning about 90% of 2020 Trump voters. Yep. Right. But Joe Biden was only winning about 74% of 2020 Biden voters. Well, already in four weeks we see Kamala Harris winning 90% of voters that previously voted for Joe Biden. So she's reassembling that coalition and she's doing that primarily with young voters and voters of color, Because that's what the delta was, right? People that Biden was struggling with who had not come home were primarily young voters, black voters, Latino voters, and particularly young black and Latino voters. Is that right? That's Exactly right. Yeah, that's exactly right. And and look, I think the Biden campaign always anticipated that those voters would eventually come home.


And we had about You know three months to bring them home. But in four weeks we have seen her doing 12 points better with young voters, 15 points better with women voters and 22 points better with black voters in four weeks. And where does the 22 points better with black voters put us against the 2020 benchmark. Right? Is that what you're operating with? The idea that to win, she's gotta hit 2020 numbers, at least with black voters, Latino voters, young voters. So I actually think she's gotta do a little bit better with voters of color. You know Joe Biden had a unique coalition. Yeah. Scran and Joe had a unique appeal to white seniors and to white suburbs. And we see Kamala Harris maintaining that coalition.


But in order for us to, for me to be confident, yeah, for me to take a sigh of relief, it is going to be to exceed Joe Biden's 2020 numbers with young voters and with black voters. And what, what we've seen her do in four weeks gives me a lot of confidence in what we could do with the remaining 86 days. Let's take another quick break and we'll be right back.


Pod Save America is brought to you by article. Article has expanded their bestselling living room collections with hundreds of new pieces, including sofa, beds, sectionals, modular sofas, lounge chairs, swivel chairs, ottomans and more. Plus, they've also launched new fabric options, allowing you to pick the perfect sofa to create your dream living space Article believes and delightful design for every home and thanks their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. They're curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple articles. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. We love Article Lovett article. Really, really nice looking pieces, really well designed. You should check it out. You really like it. Ship's fast. Ships fast articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's $50 off your first purchase. article.com/crooked article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Oracle. AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete with costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. and of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/psa. That's oracle.com/psa oracle.com/psa.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater. And this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com savings Based on cost of consumer cellular single line one five and 10 gig data plans with unlimited talkin text compared to lowest cost, single line postpaid, unlimited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon January, 2024.


Have you seen Bleed with older white voters or rural voters yet? It's amazing. Dan, I You know she's maintaining, in fact she's doing one point better amongst seniors than Scran and Joe was doing, it shocks me. But if, if we can maintain that coalition and it really does open up the battleground map, Do you think there's still more work to do with black voters to get up to those 2020 numbers? We're still a little short of that. Some of the point I've seen, is that right? Absolutely. We have some work to do. So look, she's at what, 71, 70 2% with black voters. That's about where Joe I mean. Joe Biden was at about 76% with black voters. So we have some work to do, but again, I wanna see her exceed Joe Biden's numbers with black voters. She has a unique appeal to the black community, a unique appeal to A API to to a next generation of voters, especially Gen Z and millennials.


And so I expect her to exceed Joe Biden's numbers with young voters and voters of color. And yes, we have work to do there. Yeah. Because You know Dan, what's not lost on me is that that remaining 20% like right, if she, if she's at 71% and let's take that, 10% are gonna vote for Donald Trump. Yeah. That remaining 20% is fundamentally different than the previous 70. Right? This is the most cynical, the most disaffected. Are They a little, a little younger? Is that the Case? They are younger and, and look, while they are disaffected and disengaged, one misperception is that they are uninformed. Right. And that is just not the case. Right? I sit in, I sit in focus groups with these voters every day. They know what's happening.


The other misperception was that what made them double haters was that they didn't like Joe Biden and Donald Trump. That's not what makes them double haters. They hate political parties. Yeah. Right, right. They hate the political system. That's what really made them double haters. And so by definition, they don't know as much about Kamala Harris. Right. And so we have a opportunity here to continue to reintroduce her and to explain to them who she fights for, why she fights for them, and why she would fight for them. Is That the most effective message? Right? Like we've obviously as a party done a lot of fearmongering about Trump over the years, and I'm not denigrating the strategy. We won in 18 and we won in 20, we won in 22. Like that has worked. But this is a different challenge. Is that right? Well, yeah. You know this is the biggest difference between the race that we had four weeks ago and the race that we have now.


Right? Right. The Biden versus Trump compared to the Harris versus Trump, is that the vibes have changed. Yeah. More than anything. And one of the things that have changed the vibes is that we don't have two candidates whose path to victory requires reducing their opponent's negatives. Right, right. By just driving down their negatives. Yep. I feel like negatives is like the thermostat. Like is it going up or is it going down? Right. That's Right. That's exactly right. And so the vibes have changed, right? And so now we get to inject joy into this race. There was a real hope deficit in the previous rematch. I kept telling folks the only thing less popular than Donald Trump or Joe Biden to young people was the rematch of Donald Trump. And Joe Biden. When we look at national polling, right, there's a sort of an article of faith that national polling in the Latino vote is somewhat misleading, right?


'cause you have the Latino vote's, incredibly diverse Florida with Cubans and Venezuelans kind of skewed. It's a very different population than you have in Arizona, Nevada, et cetera. That's not true in the same way with the black vote, right? Like the national numbers in the battleground state numbers should be somewhat in line. Is that right? They have been pretty similar. Yeah. Look, I think Trump won about 12% nationally. You can see about that number in each battleground state. I think the highest he may have gotten was 13 or 14. Yeah. Which is in the margin of error. So yeah, You know the, it's, it's pretty consistent from the national to the battleground. I think the key here is, is that again, it's that remaining 20%. so I just, let's do the math real fast.


So Trump's still at about that 12, right? In polling Kamala Harris at 76 you said about Yep. And how much of that undecided she has to win almost all of it. Right? So if you're at 12 and 76 Yeah. You have a delta there, right? That's right. She's gonna win that whole delta, right? Yeah. I mean we have to close that gap. Yeah. Right. And so my goal is to not only close the gap of the remaining undecided to make sure that we consolidate those third party curious voters, but it's to continue to disqualify Donald Trump to some of the black voters that are still considering voting for him. There's still new information to introduce about Donald Trump. I know his, his age, his criminality, his sexual mis, all of those things are known to the public. There's still some new information that we get to introduce here that will continue to disqualify him to more of those black voters.


And You've seen in polling focus groups that that is an effective message with some of those voters. Absolutely. But the, the difference is, and this might be counterintuitive because black voters are extremely concerned about racism. So it's counterintuitive to say that racism isn't disqualifying. Right? Right. But they know he's racist. It's old News. Right? That's exactly right. Just like they knew he was a criminal, which is why the convictions didn't change his numbers amongst his group. But the part that we get to introduce to them is the violence. Right? It is the fact that they have forgotten how bad it was and certainly don't think it can get worse. They forgot about stand back and standby with the proud boys. They certainly don't know that he's bringing those same proud boys on stage at every rally and saluting them and promising them immunity.


Yeah. And that clear and present danger that Donald Trump is putting our communities in that is what's disqualifying not his racism. Because frankly, for that last 20% racism is kind of built into the system. Right? Right. That's, I literally hear it in focus groups every day. They're all racist. You know. Right. It's not like if you just defeat Donald Trump racism's over. Right. That's exactly right. There's this very online debate about how much she should lean into her role as a prosecutor, not just with the black vote, but just generally. It felt like she got a little wrapped around the axle with it in the 2020 primary. She has been not shy about it in this election, and it's been a big part of the ads. Is that compelling? Is there any potential risk there with black voters?


So notably You know the environment is so different. You know, in 2020 she was running in a post George Floyd environment. Yep. Right. Where there was a racial uprising and specifically young people demanding accountability and justice from police misconduct. And so that environment just was not conducive for a prosecutor. And we saw that with her You know dropping out before the first primary. This is a very different environment now she's running against a felon. Right. A convicted felon. And I do think that her experience as a prosecutor, her knowing Donald Trump's type You know. Yeah. But also, and this is the part that again, I think is new information that we get to introduce, and that is some of the progressive steps that she took as a prosecutor.


Right. The back on track program being one of the first states in the, in the nation that demanded body cameras for every police officer. There's, there's work that she did that I do think will inoculate her position as a prosecutor to some of the voters that will be concerned. Yeah. I I tend to think this conversation's like a, a little uni dimensional. Right. You know, you see this in polling a lot, some of the voters who are most concerned about crime are black voters. Right? That's right. And so you can be tough on crime, have smart policy take on crime, and also have smart criminal justice reform positions. Right. It's not, that's exactly right. Not, and as sometimes we think we're just overly binary about it, that you're either soft on crime to use the Republican term or you're too tough on crime.


And I think her record's actually pretty good in both fronts. Right. And the prosecutor thing I also think was also the conversation is a little overly simplified because it's, it's her bio. It does, it allows you to get into things that aren't just crime as, as understood by the Republican campaign ads, but taking on the big banks, taking on predatory lenders, like that sort of stuff matters a lot too. That's, that's right. And that 'cause that's her populous credentialing. Right. It's her I'll fight for you credentialing too. And it's less sort of like you are who you are and you gotta run as who you are. Right. And to do anything else is a fool's errand. Right. That's exactly right. And so, you know, what makes bio different from resume, right? Is that the bio is why she's a prosecutor.


Right. The resume is that she was a prosecutor, but the bio is that she was impacted by a friend who was being sexually assaulted by her stepfather and wanted to keep people safe. That's a part of the bio that we have to layer in here, is not just what she's done and what she's accomplished, but why she did it and who she was fighting for while she was doing it. The other thing I, that I think is important is that I think her record does demonstrate that we can reject that false choice, the false choice between safety from crime or holding people accountable that hurt our communities. And I think that her record proves that she did both. And I think that that is exactly what we get to do for the next 86 days. The Trump campaign prior to the Switch made a big show with the fact that black men were their primary target.


Right. That's who they were going after. They seem to still be sticking with that. Is that the, the group that obviously the world has changed that that's a small, that's now a smaller target, but they're not backing away from it. Is that still the primary group within the black community that Kamala Harris has to persuade is black men. So As, we see her cons doing 22% better. Yeah. Amongst black voters. She's obviously doing a lot better with black men too. Right? That's exactly right. She's closing that gap across the black electorate. Yeah. Right. She's closing the generation gap. She's closing the gender gap. Donald Trump has made men of color and not just black men, a central part of his campaign since 2016. That is not a shift here. I do think that he is maybe pursuing the wrong target.


Now, You know interesting. A along with him not shifting to a new candidate is not shifting to a new strategy. And that this black woman is gonna have a unique appeal to, to black voters, also black men. But also that that the way to disqualify her to black men is not to question her blackness. It's not to say that, it's certainly not to say that you're cuter than her. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like he's just, if he is still pursuing men of color as a central part of his strategy, I have not seen his messaging or his strategy shift to achieve that. As you look at the messages that Republicans are throwing out there about her You know, and the ads are picking up, there's hundreds of million dollars being slated to be spent. And over the next couple weeks here, are there any that worry you the most, that we have to be the most attentive to pushing back on?


You brought up the fact that, that there's some similarity and the enthusiasm between Kamala Harris and Barack Obama. Right. And a part of the similarity here is both Barack Obama and Kamala Harris remind us of the American ideal. Yeah. Right. And This is what I think Tim Waz did in his introduction was reminding us that a guy from Minnesota and a and a girl from Oakland can share values and have, and share and share a mission and, and pursue it together. That that's a part of what Barack Obama and and Kamala Harris represented right. Is they represent this American idea that if we, if we work hard and try hard and do our best, that we can achieve and contribute to this society in the highest ways possible. Yeah. Well, in many ways, You know Donald Trump represents the other side of America.


Right. You know, like these, these are both truly who we are. Yeah. The better and the worst parts of us. And so that is, I think that's the contrast that we have to continue to draw. And, and the ads that I am, I am most concerned about are the ones that will make people question who she fights for. Yeah. You know. It is, it is the ads that will undermine who she is. And, and I think we, we have to be careful there. 'cause I don't ever want her to have to come on TV and, and describe why she's black or Right. Respond to Donald Trump's questions. Yeah. I think it's enough for her to just be black and just be Asian American and just be woman and just be a Howard 11. Just be who she is. Yeah. But I've always thought the, the goal of the American experiment must be is to, is to broaden our tribe, right?


That we are still the same team. Just 'cause we're wearing different jerseys. We're all the same tribe here. And so I think that that's, that is exactly what they represent, is the, is the diversity and the, the vastness of this tribe and how different we can be, but how much more we have in common than a part. I hope you enjoy this Best Of episode from Pollercoaster. A brand new episode of the show is coming out this week. To get new episodes of Pollercoaster and much, much more, subscribe to the friends of the Pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or sign up for friends of the Pod on Apple Podcast directly from the Pod Save America feed. We'll see you with a brand new Pod Save America on Wednesday.


If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis.


Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, KIRO Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home project You know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started@angie.com.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for where prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.