
Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. We love Helix mattresses. Love it. Swears by his Helix mattress. So comfortable. My son Charlie, has a Helix mattress for kids. We have one in our guest bedroom as well. They are super comfortable. Everyone loves them. My in-laws have it. They love it too. Everybody's unique. Everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. I believe you got a Don Luxe because you are a stomach sleeper. Yeah, I And I am. There you go. And it's very comfortable and I highly recommend it. They have 20 unique mattresses, including models with memory foam layers to provide optimal pressure relief if you sleep on your side models with a more responsive foam to cradle your body for essential support in stomach and back sleeping positions. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a hundred night trial and 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to Helix sleep.com/cricut for 27% off sitewide and free bedding bundle, including a sheet set and mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. This offer is exclusive for Pod Save America listeners. That's Helix sleep.com/cricut for 27% off sitewide plus free bedding bundle. With any luxe or elite mattress order Helix sleep.com/crooked,


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, we got lots to talk about. Dan, so Much news today, it won't stop Trump's trade deal with the uk, the Republican plan to cut Medicaid, the government trying to disappear people to Libya January 6th, activist losing his confirmation fight to be DC's top federal prosecutor, a new MAHA surgeon, general nominee, and Joe and Jill Biden's appearance on the view. You'll also hear my interview with our pal Leah Lipman, strict scrutiny co-host and new author of the book Lawless, which comes out next week. We'll talk about that and all the latest legal news.


But let's start with the big news of the day. We got a woke Pope from the south side of Chicago, The warm Barack Obama's heart. Look at that on Thursday. It's, it's Reverend Wright. No, I'm just kidding. That's who's the one person in the studio laughing at that joke? Reed, obviously, Obviously. Yes. Obama bro. Yes. If you have to be a 40 plus Obama bro. To get that joke On Thursday, Cardinal Robert Prevost became Pope Leo the 14th, the first American Pope, also a citizen of Peru where he served for two decades. First as a missionary and ultimately a bishop. Most importantly, he seems to be a poster.


A poster who has retweeted criticism about JD Vance Trump's immigration policy and Republican in action on gun violence among other things. Dan, what do you think of our new pontiff? I think if we're gonna get a pope, we should have a American woke Pope from Chicago. That seems great. Especially one who hates JD Vance. It's, I say woke Pope. 'cause it sounds good, but it is more of a, he had more of a nevertrump bulwark pope. Yes. I, that's the, I just saw that was Tommy in Lovett's joke earlier. He is a bulwark pope. There's a, yeah, I mean a lot, lot of people posting in that, oh, It's so weird. They, they claim that they, I saw Lovett to the T for trademark. Like, I mean like judging wokeness on a pope scale.


Right? The, like the Pope is gonna have a series of views that we do not love on abortion, L-G-B-T-Q rights, all of those things. But the fact that he has leaned so hard in and very recently into a humane view of immigration, how we treat migrants, that is an opposite direct opposition to how Trump is doing. It seems very positive for what is true. Like obviously a major political issue in this country, but a global issue for the next generation. And also just enjoyable that the Maga right is going bananas about this. They're so upset, they're so angry. Like you, 'cause we talked this morning when we first, before we, we saw the, the tweets, we were like, when is Trump gonna take credit for an American pope?


And now his base is freaking out about the woke Pope. It's so funny. Yeah, I mean I'll just, I'll speak as the resident Catholic here, you know, I grew up in the Catholic church is like pretty conservative, right? Just with on a lot of issues that we probably care about though, you know, on immigration, on poverty, on war and peace and the death penalty. It's always been more progressive than not. And I do think that in the Francis era, and especially since Francis appointed, like I think 80% of the Cardinals that voted the leaders of the Catholic church are now leaning into sort of the more progressive positions on issues that they've always had.


Or at least the church has mostly always had. But on issues of sexual orientation, gender identity, abortion, churches still pretty conservative though. Even Francis, you know, he made some little headway on that. But it is a generally a traditionalist conservative institution. So I think this is, it's very good news as someone who really wants to see the church continue in the, the direction that Francis was, was pushing the church. And as someone who likes to pick a Twitter fight with JD Vance, you probably feel some affinity with this pope. The piece that the Pope and now Pope shared it was about, so, you know, JD Vance's, what was it called? Ordo, ADA Ramus, whatever that thing. Basically it's this, this, this theory that he fucking made up that he, that he didn't make it up.


But it's not really the theory, it's not really official policy of the Catholic church that you're supposed to love, love the people around you. And then as they, you go out and concentrate circles, you don't have to care that much about other people. So that's sort of, that's that's the gist. Yes. Seems everyone contrary to some parts of the golden rule, just as you Yeah, yeah. So the, the, the piece that the Pope shared says it ought to be clear that Catholics cannot support a rhetoric that demonizes immigrants as dangerously criminals simply because they have crossed the border in search of a better life. It ought to be clear that Catholics cannot celebrate aggressive deportation enforcement, a spectacle. It ought to be clear that Catholics cannot accept a theory of love that pats itself on the back for putting some of the poorest among us, farthest from our concern and charity love.


That seems great. Love that. His last tweet, his last retweet was after the Trump bouquet meeting and it said, do you not see the suffering? Is your conscious not disturbed? How can you stay quiet? I mean, you know, we love our American pope, our Chicago Pope. And, and Steve Bannon apparently called this like last week. He was like, I'm, I'm worried that they're gonna go with that. They could go with Cardinal Prevost because he would be the most progressive pick. Huh. Interesting. Yeah. Now he's not the most progressive pick, but that's what, that's what Bannon said. Yeah. And Laura Loomer's just yelling about a woke Marxist pope. I mean, if, if Laura Loomer loomer's the Pope, then she is all powerful. Her woke Marxist Pope thing, of course has gone viral.


And I just retweeted this, but someone, someone posted sung to the tune of Pink Pony Club and now I can't get it out of my head. That's so good. Is Pink Pope Club a You're all singing it now. Is Pink Pope Club an potential episode title? Well, Marxist spoke. All right. Even though America has given the world a new Pope, we must get back to talking about our worst export. Donald Trump and his global trade war Fed chair Jerome Powell announced this week that the Central Bank won't be cutting interest rates just yet and said that Trump's tariffs will likely lead to higher prices and unemployment, potentially the stagflation scenario. That's basically the worst case for the economy right now. But clearly Powell hasn't read the Art of the deal lately because on Thursday morning, Trump announced a trade deal of sorts with the uk.


There will still be a 10% tax on everything we buy that's made in the uk except for cars like Rolls Royces and Bentleys. And I guess they're gonna drop tariffs on some US exports. So just amazing work, Mr. Trump. You've done it again. Trump announced the deal in the oval, followed by the ritual fluffing from his staff. Let's listen. This Was the President's deal. And people think, oh, that's not the way it works. If you got to sit next to him, I have the best deal maker to my left. He's the closer he gets deals done that we could never get done because he understands business, he understands deals. He started at 10% and we ended at 10%. And the market for America is better.


And this is a perfect example of why Donald Trump produced liberation debt. This would've taken Jameson and I three years maybe, and instead we got it done in 45 days. Certainly because we worked for Donald Trump. Howard Lutnick never fails to deliver. Lemme tell you what, a commerce secretary, what do you make of the big deal, Dan? Well, I, I hate to disagree with Mr. Lutnick here, but they did not get this done in three weeks. This deal has been under some form of discussion since Trump was president the first time. It's not particularly related to Liberation Day. It's not a deal.


It's at best a framework of a deal. It's maybe a, to borrow a phrase from Trump, a concept of a deal. Like we have some outlines. We don't know when it's going into effect. Nothing's been signed. But the, the things to know here are Trump's completely ass backward, asinine understanding of global trade suggests that if you have a trade, the United States have a trade deficit with that country, then we are losing, somehow we have a trade surplus with the uk. We are winning in this scenario. So it's like what? This is not like if theoretically there's more we can open up, like one of the things in here is they're raising the quota on US beef going to the uk.


That's fine. That's like a totally fine, normal thing. This is not going to change very much at all. The fact that it's either the UK is very telling. 'cause as I mentioned, it's a deal that's been worked on for years. It's also our closest ally with a special relationship with a very meager trading relationship. So it's a pretty easy deal to get done if you're looking to show some victory. And Letnick is celebrating that the 10% tariffs are on there. What he's doing, he's celebrating the continued 10% tax on am that American people will pay on goods coming from the uk. Unless you buy Rolls Royce, if you buy one of the a hundred thousand No, it's, It says we took it from 25 to Oh yeah, we took it from 25 to 10 on Rolls Royce. But you're right, the first a hundred thousand that come into the United Yeah, it, the first a hundred thousand Rolls Royces and other British manufactured cars will not face that.


Tariff. Bentleys, range Rovers, minis. I think that's, I think that's everyone. Daton Martin Maybe Aston Martin. Aston Martin. You're right, you're Right. All things I, all things I learned from James Bond. Yeah. US tariff rates because of this quote unquote deal fell 0.06%. Yeah. So it's not much of a deal. But NBC's the NBC headline on this is amazing. Trump gives break to Rolls Royce cars, but threatens more tariffs on Mattel toys. And honestly, the piece is even worse than the headline because there's a quote from Trump about the rolls, rolls Royce. He goes, we took it from 25 to 10 on Rolls Royce because Rolls Royce is not gonna be built here.


I wouldn't even ask them to do that. It's a very special car. And then the CEO of Mattel had said that he's going to move some production out of China into other countries, but not the US And Trump said, that's okay, let him go. We'll put a hundred percent tariff on his toys and he won't sell one toy in the United States. Cool. I would never ask Rolls Royce to build their cars anywhere. Put the UK and please, please sell as many as you want. But fucking Mattel toys no more. We're done trade embargo on Mattel toys. I mean it's, this also like fits in with the news that Trump proposed to Mike Johnson, a loan program for newborn babies to off offset, assuming we leads to offset the cost of tariffs from, because 99% of strollers, car seats, baby toys, everything come from China.


So we're gonna put babies in debt to cover the tariffs. Like what Are we doing? You have to give the, you have to give the baby back. What's, how does this Yeah, I'm not sure. Maybe the, the baby themselves might be the collateral here. I don't know. It feel, I mean obviously they're doing this because they wanna show momentum. Big deal. You know, Tommy was pointing out that like Fox News all day, even though the biggest story is the Pope all day, it was talking about the UK trade deal because you can tell like they wanna, they wanna make this a big deal. And you know, the markets reacted positively as they have been the last week or so. 'cause they think markets are hoping that we're sort of inching towards some kind of resolution here. I don't know if that really works as a political strategy or, or really a, a trade strategy.


But no, I don't think it works. It doesn't work as a trade strategy. It doesn't work as a market strategy. Like the markets went up this morning and pe but it's not because of this deal. It's because the prospect that we're gonna have negotiations with China next week. That's what people care about. Our relationship, our political relationship with the UK is quote unquote special and important and historic. Our trade relationship with the UK is fairly minimal compared to some of the other, like Canada, Mexico, China, the places that are most affected by this and people, it's all reality. Like reality sits in when it comes to the economy. You can't, you can't Yeah. Fake it. People are gonna see prices go up, they're gonna see empty shelves. The markets could, may go Just ask Joe Biden. That's Right. Exactly. The markets could possibly go up on a deal here or there.


But what they're really supposed to do is project the medium and long term state of the economy. And if that, if the economy performs as Jerome Powell thinks it might, then that's gonna affect the market too. No matter how many deals Trump announces between now and then. Let's talk about China. The first cargo ships with goods subject to Trump's 145% tariffs are now arriving here on the west coast. Bloomberg had a fascinating breakdown of one container ship that's carrying $564 million worth of products from China that will cost the Americans who bought them $417 million in tariff payments. I'm not a great business guy, but that seems like it's gonna be difficult to turn a profit Unless you raise prices.


That's true. The port of Los Angeles is expecting a 35% drop in volume this week. And that's just one Port Trump was asked about all this at the oval event on Thursday with this big UK deal. Let's listen Ports here in the US the traffic has really slowed and now thousands of dock workers and truck drivers are worried about their jobs. We lose. That means we lose less money. You know, when I see that, that means we lose less money. Look, so when you say it's slowed down, that's that's a good thing. Not a bad thing. It's a good thing, Dan. It's a good thing to have the shipping of goods and global trades slow down so that people can't get the goods they need and have to pay more for the ones that are left.


And that the people who work at the docks and drive the trucks and the stores to sell goods lose their jobs. That's, that's a good thing's. I Mean, a good thing mean he really is a walking talking argument for making econ a required course in American high school. It's like he just, the fundamentals of it, he does not like if he had gone to and paid attention to the first three weeks, if econ 1 0 1 at university in America, we would not be in this problem. Well, that's his excuse. What's the excuse of all the fucking people that work as an in his administration? Because they do what he wants. I mean, like, there are people like Scott fucking Bessett knows He is trying to work, of course he wrote a thousand things before the election trying to rationalize tariffs.


But he, you know, whatever his weird quote was about how the tariff gun always stays in the drawer. So he is trying to work around the insanity and ignorance of his boss and other people are, and So many have before. Yes. I mean he's, he's gonna end up working somewhere with Gary Cohen one day. But like that's, I mean that's where, and the rest of these people are, they do, they do, like, they view their job as to serve is to do what Trump wants regardless of how stupid that is. Apparently Bessant is meeting in Switzerland with the Chinese this weekend to maybe talk about, I don't know, first steps on a deal, first steps on negotiations about a deal. I don't know how this ends with China because I don't, you know, I I it seems like Trump doesn't want to have it seem at all like he is giving into China, but he needs to give into China.


So this is what I feel like this is what this whole Switzerland thing is about. Yeah. I mean the Chinese are suffering economically from the tariffs. Like there are projections that they'll lose 60 million Chinese will lose their jobs. The forecast on economic growth are being revised down like we are. We buy their stuff more than anyone else in the world. If they can't sell it to us that like those ships, those empty ships are bad for them. But the problem with a trade war with China is they face no political pressure. There is no there, no, she's not sitting around checking Dave Wasserman's Twitter feed to see how things are looking in the 2026 midterms. And he doesn't have to worry about Congress. He can just as they are doing, just enact a stimulus plan to offset the economic damage, the short term economic damage of the tariffs.


So like Trump, Trump will face political pressure in this country and adv adverse effects that she will never face. Even if his economy, even if their economy ends up suffering more in the short term than ours does.


This show is sponsored by better help. Look, maintaining your mental health is incredibly important. And our society's really changed in how we think about therapy over the years. I remember like when, when I like people call it a shrink Seeing a shrink. Yeah. And it was just for people that were, it was like, oh, that's just for, yeah. What was, what was that, what was that gesture you just made? It was off Cuckoo. I was think about chief throwing the the Jerk Wall. Oh yeah. He's think about, yeah, he is thinking about One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest, which I think actually becomes more relevant every day as a film. It's a very good movie actually. Great movie. Great book too. Great Performance by Danny DeVito. Actually, I wonder if it stands up. I wonder if people have criticisms of it. I don't care. It's good. Mental health awareness is growing, but there is still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoid seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. I've been in therapy. Tommy's been in therapy, John's been in therapy. We're the therapy boys. Damn right. Therapy can be helpful for learning positive coping skills, how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. I found that it's a like, as you may think yourself aware, maybe to a fault, but it's hard to see patterns without the help of a professional. Better Help is over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit Better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/psa.


Wanna play two truths and a lie. Truth number one, visa and MasterCard have profit margins higher than big oil or big pharma. Truth number two, visa and MasterCard's record. High profits are driven by hidden fees. They charge every time you swipe your credit card costing the average household about $1,100 each year. They're called swipe fees. And Visa and MasterCard have nearly quadrupled them since 2010 alone. Sadly, that's all true. Now how about the lie? That's if you're a member of Congress, tells you there's nothing they can do to, to stop it. In fact, there's a bipartisan bill in Congress called the Credit Card Competition Act. It would break up the credit card duopoly and make them compete for your business by lowering fees. Call your member of Congress and tell them it's time to pass the Credit Card Competition Act paid for by the Merchant's Payments Coalition.


Let's check in on the other part of Trump's economic plan. A big, beautiful bill filled with tax cuts and maybe cuts to Medicaid and other programs. But we still don't know for sure because Republicans can't seem to agree on anything. The latest is that they're now looking at $4 trillion in tax cuts and $1.5 trillion in spending cuts. It was originally 4.5 and two. And the spending cuts are theoretically supposed to include $880 billion in cuts to Medicaid. But House Republicans who will face competitive races in 2026 are nervous about gutting Medicaid as they should be. Reportedly so was the White House. So now they're trying to find ways to cut Medicaid without really cutting Medicaid, which is quite a trick to pull off one idea that's still floating around, capping the amount the federal government spends on each Medicaid recipient, which would lead to a lot of people losing their health insurance because the cap wouldn't account for rising healthcare costs.


And so when healthcare costs go up, people would just not be able to afford them or the states wouldn't be able to pay more. The more moderate Republicans don't like this either, but the hard line Republicans refuse to vote for a bill that doesn't find $1.5 trillion in cuts somewhere. So here we are. What do you think? Can you think of a solution here that gets all the House Republicans on board? If you were to take these people at their word, and you probably shouldn't, frankly, most of them are liars and have no understanding at all of how governmental fiscal policy works. But if you took them at their word, if you just did that as a thought exercise, nothing can pass. 'cause you have a group of people who say they will not pass a bill that cuts Medicaid above a certain level.


You have a bunch and you have a different group of people who say they will not pass a bill unless it cuts Medicaid below a certain level. Like the red lines are crossing left and right. So if you took them at their word, they cannot get it done. Will they find some, some way to get it done? Maybe. I mean, they have done everything Trump's asked him to do thus far. Like we've, Democrats have been quite skeptical that they would pass this budget resolution and they did. You know, I, I mentioned this on the show recently, last week, two weeks, six months ago. Who knows. But you know, one thing they could do is just, they could punt, they could extend the tax cuts for a year or two unpaid for, or with some non-Medicaid spending cuts where you're just sort of paying a toll and say, because of the economic uncertainty of the tariffs, we, the last thing we wanna do is risk raising taxes on every American.


So we're gonna do this and come back. Now the downside to them is they could very much lose the house in the interim. Yeah. And then they're for, they're then they're forced into a negotiate. Trump is forced into a negotiation with Democrats, but they can't let taxes go up on every American. Like that is just something they absolutely cannot do. And if they cannot figure the cuts out in the interim, then I'm not sure what other option there is. I'm trying to think of how Trump would ex would explain that one. 'cause he is not gonna be like, oh, we lost, I guess he'd just be like, he'd just say, well, I wanted all this, but you know what Democrats are gonna, if we don't pass something, Democrats are gonna let the taxes go up. Yeah. And Democrats want your taxes to go up. So we're gonna save the day and make sure the taxes don't go up. He's already started. That would be, he's already there. There's, we don't have to have this conversation today, but there's a longer conversation about democratic strategy here and what they should be doing that they may not yet be doing.


But he's already started. The Democrats want your taxes to go up because we're all opposing this bill. Right. And so, like, it's not, it's, it is an inel solution for the Republicans for sure. But it is one, if they cannot square the circle on these cuts, someone has to give, the moderates have to give or the conservatives have to give. And then you have a whole set of different problems with the Senate. Yeah. And getting to your 50 votes there. If they can't do that, they're gonna have to do something. And that could be a, that could be a punt. Reuters reported on Thursday that Trump is privately pushing Johnson to create a new higher tax bracket for people making over $2.5 million and closing the so-called carried interest loophole as ways of paying for tax cuts to everyone else.


This was like, you know, higher taxes for the rich were on the table, then they were off the table. Steve Bannon wanted them. And some of the MAGA populous types and then the more establishment MAGA types were like, no, that's crazy. We love tax cuts for rich people. That's why we came to Congress. Do you think this flies? Do you think they either they can do a, a $2.5 million tax bracket. I also don't know how much it's $2.5 million in income. So it's like, you know, really rich people like multimillionaires and billionaires, they probably have a lot of money that are, they're not getting an income. So I don't even know how much that saves them. But yeah, It, it, you the devil is in the details here for sure. They would, it would certainly get them some savings, which reduced pressure on the cut side of it.


But it's impossible. It's almost impossible to imagine this passing the, every time the this keeps getting floated. And Republicans keep shooting this down from like Republicans who rarely disagree with Trump. Shoot this idea down. 'cause the idea of taxing rich people is impossible for 'em to fathom. And just, even if you're being generous about this, they're they long held doctrinal Republican view that you never erase taxes. Right? Yeah. That's the, that's the, that's the Reagan rule. The one that George WHW Bush violated and lost, you know, was primaried because of it and lost reelection. So I can't imagine doing that now. Carried interest loophole you could probably find some more support for.


But once Trump's new VC buddies hear about this, they're gonna blow up the White House and it's gonna come to an end. Like, I just don't think either of these are happening. Well, someone asked, a reporter asked Trump about this last week or whenever, and he was like, oh, we can't let taxes go up even on the ridge. It's not, we're we're not gonna do that. That's too much. And then now he's a, you know, Jake Sherman's like, oh, he called Mike Johnson was like, let's do it. And now Mike Johnson's entertaining it, but that probably doesn't, But he shot it. Mike Johnson shot it down the last time too. So I just, He shut down last time. Now he is consider, I who, who knows this, but this, I think it just goes to show that they, the, the math is so hard here for them. One thing that's important is we know in the past, almost every single time, maybe every time that I can remember when there is sort of a battle between the hard line Republicans and the more moderate Republicans who are in competitive races.


The moderate Republicans always fold the hardliners win the day. And so I think that if people, and I know people have been going to town halls, holding town halls of their own democratic members have been going to Republican districts who refuse to hold town halls and hold them there. Continue putting pressure on the Republicans in districts that are gonna face competitive races in 2026 because that pressure needs to be sustained. And we need to be loud because they need to fear what might happen to their job if they cut Medicaid. And so you can go to votes save america.com to look for places to take action.


But I do think in these next couple weeks, who knows, it could be months, but they're gonna, you know, these things come together fast and then suddenly we're looking at a whole bunch of Medicaid cuts on the table that we didn't think were gonna happen. So I think it's really important for people to keep up the Pressure. This is a fight we can win. It's not guaranteed like we don't have the votes to stop it. But cutting Medicaid is way more unpopular than attempts to repeal the affordable character Trump's first term. You have 80% of Americans opposing Medicaid cuts. You know, more than 50% of Republicans, 75% of independents there is incredibly popular. It is ingrained in people's lives. It is how many, many Americans get healthcare, something like 40% of births in America are paid for by Medicaid.


And so like, you can't, like, yes, Republicans are cr yes, they do terrible things. We may not win this fight, but it's one we can win. There are a lot of fights. It's just they're gonna do what they're like the confirmations. They're just gonna do what Trump wants and it's not really gonna matter. This is one where the politics are such that if we put sufficient political pressure on, we could actually stop this. Yeah. Because I mean, you laid out the scenario where this is a win and they still get by, which is they just give up on the cuts and they extend the tax cuts and they punt for a year or something like that would be a huge win. All right. Trump administration is still trying very hard to disappear immigrants to foreign gulags. And the courts, including Trump judges are still trying very hard to stop them. The federal government has a new gulag in mind that's somehow even worse than El Salvador's Sea Cot detention centers in Eastern Libya, which is controlled by an African warlord.


Our own state department calls the conditions in those prisons life-threatening and warns against traveling to Libya because of terrorism, kidnapping and armed conflict. A federal judge almost immediately blocked the Trump administration from doing this. We'll see if they listen. The lawyers that brought the case said that this was the plan. Ice rounded up six Asian nationals who were detained in Texas and ordered them to sign paperwork, agreeing to be sent to Libya. When they refused, they were handcuffed and thrown in solitary confinement. Wild shit. There's also, another lawyer said that they were trying to potentially send Mexican immigrants de detainees to Libya, which is even more insane because Mexico is taking deportees.


If they're Mexican nationals, you can send them back to Mexico and the Mexican government will take them. So they're literally just wanting to send people to Libya to this fucking hellhole. I don't know. Just because To send a, to send a message, To send a message, to send a message. Meanwhile, in a DC courtroom, judge Boberg challenged the DOJs position that they have no authority to bring back the people. They disappeared a foreign gulas by pointing out that Trump himself said on national TV to Terry Moran that he could just pick up the phone and ask Quee to release Kmar Abrego Garcia. Needless to say, the DOJ didn't have a good answer to that. Neither did Homeland Security Secretary Christine Nome or FBI, director Cash Patel, when they were grilled about due process and deportations during their testimony on Capitol Hill this week.


Let's listen. Do you believe that you have the right to detain or deport a legal permanent resident for expressing their political opinion? I don't make decisions on legal status here in the United States. The Department of State does that. Your position is that every one of those individuals is is by constitutional right afforded due process. I don't know the answer to that. I'm telling you, you, You don't, you haven't, you haven't read the Constitution. I got it says all persons. I I've got it right here. But what you're saying is that every single one of the illegals that was sent down to El Salvador's is supposed to be given due process pursuant. That's what the Constitution says. It says No person. It doesn't say that It, it does say no person. Yeah. I'll, I'll I'll encourage you to read it.


I would also encourage the FBI director to read the Constitution. Leah and I will get into some of this in the interview, though. I interviewed her before this, this hearing. What did you make of Nome and Patel's answers and the DOJs answer in court that the president, he just says things. He just says things. I Mean the sum total of what these guys said in their testimony, what Caroline Levitt says at the press conferences, how Trump answered questions with Kristen. We, the court filings is the, what they're doing is indefensible. It's indefensible morally. It's indefensible legally it's indefensible politically. You can't answer the questions because basically the FBI director has to pretend to not understand the Constitution to be able to answer this question.


'cause the constitution is crystal clear on it. And even if you wanna debate the, the use of the word person in there, the courts have rule on this, as you pointed out on Tuesday spot as recently as like three weeks ago. Yeah. All nine justices. Yeah. Even the ones we don't like. Even Alito and Thomas. Yeah. And the reason they ruled on it that way is because they said it is the government's own position. Yeah. The due process is afforded to all these people. Yeah. And has been forever, ever. I mean, it's, it's just, it is if's embarrassing. If it wasn't so horrifying, it'd be embarrassing. Frankly. Also, remember this crew, they love the, the unitary executive theory, which is, you know, all power is vested in the president of the United States in the executive branch and the president is all powerful.


But then we're like, okay, well he just said he could pick up the phone and bring people back from El Salvador. So is he, was he lying? Oh, no, no, no. He can't. He he's talking about the influence he might have not his authority. That was what the d OJ said in response. He's all powerful except when you ask him to do what the courts have ordered him to do. And then, eh, I don't know. And they're all like, it's, it's just wild that they're all pointing fingers at everyone else. Christina's like DHS, we don't detain people. That's Marco Rubio. And then cash bill's, like, I don't know. I was the constitution. And then Trump trump's like, I don't know. I listen to my lawyers. I mean the, my, I listen to my lawyers is such a pitiful, He's a, he's a real stickler. Yeah. He's a real stickler for football. It's Just someone known for seeking legal advice before he does anything.


'cause you know, one thing I say about Trump, it's dot the i's and cross the T's legally. I do find it just horrifying that, because I don't think Libby is the last example of a, of a new country they're gonna wanna send people to. And this one, like you said, it seemed designed to send a message because the, so there's, there's one Libyan government that we, that the world recognizes in Tripoli. And then there's the, the warlord in Eastern Libya whose son, I guess met with the Trump administration a couple weeks ago where they must to cooked up this deal. And it wasn't just a rumor because they, there was a fucking flight plan that was filed for a C 17, a military plane in Texas that was going to Libya.


And so like this, this shit was gonna happen. And they were gonna send just a, a couple of, a couple of Asian nationals that they found in, in a detention center in Texas. What to, why do we know if these people, do we even know if these people are, are undocumented? Do we know that they're legal residents? Do they know, we know that they're citizen. We don't. What crimes have they committed? We don't know what authority do they have to send them to another prison? We don't know. Well, no, we know Get due process know. We know they have none. You know, they, it is almost certainly illegal to send people to Libya. Is the Filipino guy trend Deua, right? Is that what I thought we were, I thought this was the Alien Enemies Act. I see MS 13 because I don't think those gangs are in the Philippines. What about the Cambodian and Why can't these people be sent to their home countries?


It's unconscionable. Yeah, it's unconscionable. And I just don't like, they're not gonna stop here. They're gonna keep going and they're key and they're losing and they're losing to Trump judges. The second, the second Trump judge was like, there was another Abrego Garcia case where they were, they, the guy had legal protection. They sent him anyway and she's like, hello, you gotta bring her back. I'm sure they got right on that. It's really fucking bad.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Aura Frames. The number one thing your mom wants from you is to call her this Mother's Day. Give her a call and give her an Aura Digital picture frame. Every frame comes packaged in a premium gift box with no price tag. It only takes about two minutes to set up a frame using the Aura app. Add unlimited photos and videos and invite as many people as you want to A frame. There are absolutely no hidden fees or subscriptions. Upload videos up to 30 seconds long and your favorite live iPhone photos will play right on the frame. The embedded speaker can play audio on demand. You have complete control over who has access to your frame. And the Aura app lets you share photos more securely than with email, which many other digital frames require. Got one of these for my parents for Christmas. So easy. I have the app on my phone. We take a lot of pictures of our kids. We got little kids and you know, I just have to remember when we take a picture, you just go to the app, you select the picture you want. Boom. It's on their aura frame in their living room, which looks like it's just a a, a regular frame. Doesn't even look like an aura frame. Very high quality. They love it. We love it. Go get one. Aura Frames was named the best digital photo frame by wire cutter and featured in 495 gift guides last year. So the next time you need to call your mom, you can also send her a new pick of you from that trip. You're telling her all about right from your phone. Ora has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting ora frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code crooked. Support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply.


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with the new someone or simply to distraught past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash a look of bold 14 car gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


All right, let's play good news, bad news. Oh, Is this, is this a new segment? Well, just this, maybe just one more because Nor nor Yeah. Normally it, normally it's bad news. Bad news. But this week we do good news. Good news. Bad news. Yeah. Or Maybe bad news. Bad news. Good news. I think I was gonna say just wait for it. Yeah. The good news, it appears that one of Trump's worst appointees won't be confirmed. Ed Martin, the Stop the steal activist serving as the interim US attorney for Washington DC North Carolina. Senator Tom Tillis said on Tuesday that he would vote against Martin's nomination of the position and on Thursday Trump said he would replace Martin. Woo. Yay. Bad news. Trump announced he's replacing Martin with Judge Janine Piro.


And thus the five became the four. Maybe. Who knows? Maybe Ed Martin becomes the Oh, good point. The five. Good point. Your thoughts, Stan, your thoughts on Ed Martin going down. Thank God that guy was fucking nuts. It's, this is very Matt Gates Pam Bond, which is like, be careful what you wish for. Yeah. The idea that Judge Jeanine Pirro would have a high level appointment of the Trump administration has been a running joke for nearly a decade. And thus it has become true. No, We're not laughing now. We're Not laughing anymore. 'cause the US Attorney is a very important job. You are not the US attorney of DC is a very important job. You are not just a, you don't just us attorney. And for federal crimes, you're also the local prosecutor because DC is not a state.


You have, you end up taking a lot of governmental and political cases because Washington, 'cause the government's there in DC So this is not, I mean, it is bad that Trump's OAN spokesperson is the acting US attorney in New Jersey, but it is even worse to have someone in DC they can do much, much more damage. As Ed Martin was doing, is he was threatening Chuck Schumer and doing all the other crisis. Yeah, just tweeting, tweeting, legal threats at Chuck Schumer, Georgetown University. Yeah. Anyone he could think of. This is, I I it's, it's one of those, it's funny but it's not funny from the New York Times explaining Ed Martin going down. It was a revelation about Mr.


Martin's association with a well-known January 6th defendant that turned many fence sitters against him. A man who has dressed up like Adolf Hitler, sketched cartoons, depicting Jewish people as pigs, and once declared that he would kill all the Jews and eat them for breakfast, lunch, and dinner according to court filings. That's the guy who Ed Martin had on his podcast, praised him and then lied about praising him and, and really knowing him. Yeah, that's, that's Ed Martin. And now, and now we got Janine Pirro. Do your best, do your best Judge Janine. It is like how it, the only, like, as you said, it's not really funny, but it, like Tom Tillis is like, I am gonna make a bold move. I'm gonna do the right thing and now he's gonna be fucking forced to vote for Judge Janine Pirro.


Not only that, Tom Tillis was like, but you know, if they wanna put Ed Martin somewhere else in DOJ, that's okay. I just don't think he should be in DC because of January 6th. Thanks Tom Taylor. Just Real pro profound courage. Thank you. Yeah. So Trump's also having trouble filling the slot for surgeon in general. His initial pick for the job, a Fox News contributor named Jeanette Niwa, who's also ex National Security advisor. Mike Waltz's sister-in-law turned out to have misrepresented her medical credentials. Shocker, Trump announced on Wednesday that he's replacing her with Maha's own Casey means, who never even finished her medical residency. Here's what Trump had to say.


When asked about the nomination in the Oval Office on Thursday, You just announced a new nominee for the US Surgeon General who never finished her residency and is not a practicing physician. So can you explain why you picked her to be America's Top doctor? Because Bobby thought she was fantastic. She's highly, she's a brilliant woman who Bobby really thought she was great. I don't know her. I I listened to the recommendation of Bobby. I met her yesterday and once before. She's a very outstanding person, a great academic actually. He is a real details guy. Yeah. He really gets in the, in the, in the personnel decisions, really focused on the hiring process.


Islamophobe conspiracy theorist, Laura Loomer had been leading the charge against Anat. Does anyone know how to say this? Nwa. Nwa. Anyway. Anyway, At this point we Don't need to, we don't need to know anymore. That's the point In part for being too vaccine friendly. That's why she was loomed. But now luer is attacking means for being too woo woo and new agey. So she's trying to luer her too. What do we know about Casey means? Dan, You hit in your, in your intro two key points. One, she never finished her surgical residency and she does not have an active medical license or a medical license expired in 2024. She has, has been up until she stops having medical license, but a sort of preventive holistic medicine doctor in Oregon.


But she's best known as a, she's a very big figure in the wellness community. Very, she's a big supporter of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. For a long time. She's quite controversial for a number of reasons. She has a lot of positions You don't say, I don't say, but there, there are two, two reasons she comes her. One is she has a, she has a lot of non-scientific backed positions on disease prevention, other things. But the other thing is that she's essentially a wellness influencer. She is constantly promoting supplements, vitamins, other things with very limited scientific backing. But she does it by publishing affiliate links on her social media pages for which she makes money. And even more controversially, she's often promoting products from a company called Tru Me, which just happens to be run by her brother Kelly means, who is also an employee of the Department of Health and Human Services.


And so this is, she has none of the credentials, even if you put aside her positions and, and the grift on the wellness side with the supplements and the whatnot. She doesn't have any of the credentials that a surgeon general normally has. Not the clinical experience, not the medical experience, not the, I was Gonna say like, like, like America's top doctor, like being a doctor, being yes. Being A practicing physician. She's technically not a doctor, which is, does seem to be a challenge. One of the chapter titles in her book is Trust Yourself, not Your Doctor. She said that the birth control pill disrespects life because it's shutting down the hormones in the female body that create this cyclical life-giving nature of women.


She likes full moon ceremonies and she has said that talking to trees helped her find true love. Well, doesn't Meant that that was, that that was out there. The tree thing. Let's let, let's not, let's not kink shame her on that. Like, however she, it's not, it's not for me to judge how she found true Life. I think kink shame. She talked to the tree. Yeah, she didn't. Anyway, what do we think about Laura Loomer head of presidential personnel Now? What? She's very effective. I mean, has anyone survived a looming yet? I mean, Casey means would be the first Yeah, because she got, she, she got her man with Mike Waltz and Alex Wong and, and A whole bunch of people in like deep in the, in the CIA also went to large portions of the NSC.


She is one of the most influential people in the world right now. Hmm. Watch out Pope Leo. I That's what I'm saying, like let's, you know we've seen the White smoke. He gave a speech, but it's how can he survive the li ring? Oh, One final piece of good news with no bad news to follow. Oh, exciting. The final uncalled race of the 2024 election is now over North Carolina Supreme Court Justice Allison Riggs, who won her race by 734 votes out of more than 5 million will be sworn in for a new term after her Republican challenger finally gave up his efforts to have various ballots thrown out. But only because a Trump appointed federal judge said Griffin was trying to change the rules of the game after it had been played.


I guess this the not silver lining of bad news, the dark lining of bad news is that the fact that it took a federal court to step in because the North Carolina Supreme Court was gonna let this fucking charade continue. But all's well that ends well for now, I guess. Yeah. It's a, it's a very important victory. Very important victory. It's a very important victory also that also highlights the importance of everyone getting out to vote and every single vote counting because she won by 734 votes out of more than 5 million elections fucking matter. Voting matters pay attention. Speaking of the 2024 election, Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson's book, original Sin about the White House coverup of Joe Biden's decline is coming out in two weeks.


And what seems to be an attempt to pre butt the book political reports that Biden has hired new staff to defend his reputation. He's also back out there doing what he does best speaking in front of cameras. He sat for an interview with the BBC that aired on Wednesday and on Thursday, he and Dr. Jill Biden went on the view. Here are some of the highlights. Knowing what you know now, do you think you would have beat him? Yeah. He still got 7 million fewer votes. Yes. Okay. A lot of people didn't show up, number one, number one, number two, the, they're very close in those, those toss up states. It was w it it wasn't a slam dunk.


There have been a number of books that have come out deeply sourced from democratic sources that claim in your final year there was a dramatic decline in your cognitive abilities in the, in the final year of your presidency. What is your response to these allegations? Or are these sources wrong? They are wrong. There's nothing to sustain that. You know, one of the things that, that Well, I'm, I'm, Well, and Alyssa, you know, one of the things I think is that the people who wrote those books were not in the White House with us and they didn't see how hard Joe worked every single day. I wasn't surprised not because I didn't think the vice president's most qualified person to be president.


She is, she's qualified to be president of the United States of America. But I was surprised. I I I wasn't surprised because they went the route of the sexist route. How do you think Biden did? Is this helping? Is this helping? What is this, what is going on here? I am so exhausted by this conversation because I don't even know what we're supposed to Judge Biden by here. Like was he Yeah, well, he was he better than debate? Yes, he was better than he was in the debate stage compared to a typical politi, an average politician anywhere in America delivering a message. Was he good? No, it was like some, there were some good parts.


He had some funny lines. Most of it was like kind of hard to follow. Dr. Biden had to step in on a couple of occasions. Like he survived it, I guess like it, but it's like to what end? Like who are we trying to convince here? What's the audience for this? The American people are pretty decided on the question of was Joe Biden too old? And they were decided long before the debate, and I don't know that one interview or two interviews or a thousand interviews is going to change. Nothing's gonna change that perspective. Yeah. I, first of all, were you surprised the Kamala Harris lost? Now he wasn't surprised. And then he starts talking about, because they really did the sexist thing hard and They went the sexist route was Yeah, mixed race sex.


They went the sexist route pretty hard. And it's like you can, you can posit that there is sexism in the electorate, but the, the, they didn't do the sexist route hard. The Republican, it didn't the, and there's like a mixed race woman. Like, it's just like, I don't know if he paid attention to the campaign or not. But anyway, whatever Joe Biden says aside, I actually think you're right. Like he is, he is a former president now. And, and that's it. Right? And, and if he wants to go out there and talk and defend himself, whatever, we gotta think about the party and think about other democratic officials and other democratic politicians who are going to be asked these questions. Particularly when these books come out. And you know, I've heard some of them, some people try to like, you know, they don't want to answer the question they're worried about, they try to alli the question and you've got democratic strategists out there still saying like, oh, good for the bidens for being out there and they're hiring people to help them.


And it's like, no, no, no. The answer is he shouldn't have run for a second term. And when he did run for a second term, he should have stepped down much earlier after the debate. And his close advisors shouldn't have told him to run again. And they shouldn't have told him he was gonna win. And like every, I think that every Democratic politician, particularly those who wanna lead the party and wanna run in 2028, have to just rip the fucking bandaid off. Yeah. You need an answer to the question. Like, we, I don't think we, we didn't talk about it on this podcast. We talked about it on Termly online, but Elizabeth Warren had a brutal answer when she was pushed on this, on a podcast. Yeah. And that's the first of many. Right? And you can see some of these people when they start running for president in a couple years.


Particularly those people, maybe like Pete Buttigieg, who I'm sure will have a good answer to it, but who served in the Biden administration or if Kamala Harris were to run against, she's gonna have to answer these questions. You'll probably have to answer them when she does her first interview, but she still has not done since the, the election ended to me, like on one hand, I am sympathetic to Biden's desire to defend his legacy in the face of these books coming out. I'm sympathetic to the people who worked for Biden trying to defend a president that they have great affection and loyalty to, and the work they did. And I like, I've thought about this, if Joe, if Barack Obama had lost to MIT Romney in 2012, I would've been an absolute fucking lunatic trying to do everything I could to like reshape, you know, try to, it's not his fault, like his legacy looked at all the great things we did.


So I understand that impulse. But there is an element here of reading the room and there is so much bad shit happening in the country. The threats are so dire and the threats are so dire to the things that Joe Biden dearly and sincerely cares about. That this media tour is about Joe Biden. It's not about Donald Trump, it's about def, it's about Joe Biden defending himself and his legacy. It's not about, which I wouldn't recommend this, but it's not about using the platform or former president may have to criticize a sitting president to try to shift the, the public debate in some way or the other. It's about he's made it about himself and that I think was someone Yeah, that is, Yeah. Which, which he made the last fucking year Yeah.


Of his presidency about Well, I mean, which is one of the reasons we're all here. Yeah. And so I, that, that to me is frustrating. You know, there's been this like, is it really bad that biden's back out there again politically, I don't think anyone cares is the truth. It's just no one is, no one's paying attention. It is just, we, this was the problem. The election is the American people decided how they felt about Joe Biden. Nothing he said or they did could change, was gonna change their mind about it because it was right before their eyes. It was like an obvious thing that he should not run for reelection. And so they made up their mind and went. And so I don't, it's just, it's not going to change anything at all. I don't think. Yeah, No, my, my, the reason I care about this is in a world where reporters just all decided never to ask democratic politicians about Joe Biden and the 2024 campaign again, then like, let's, none of us talk about it.


But that's not the world that we live in. They're all gonna be asked and they're all gonna get the question. And we don't know that he is suffering from any kind of cognitive decline or condition. Right? We just, we don't know that we all know what we saw, what we've seen for the last year. The man can't communicate coherently on a consistent basis. And that's the job of president, that's the job of candidate. That's how you sell your agenda. That's how you run for office. And he couldn't do it. So he shouldn't have run. And like the people who were closest to him failed him in that regard. Not the whole staff, like you said, not the, all the people doing the work, but the, the inner circle in his family failed him in that regard.


And, and, and he failed too. And so like there's no, I just think there's no reason in, there's no, there's no purpose to trying to fuzz that up, especially because we have a credibility problem as a party, right? I mean, both parties have a credibility problem. All politicians have a credibility problem. But I do think that could be a threshold question for a lot of these candidates where it's like, if people think that Democrats or politicians in general are just bullshitting them when they talk, then this is gonna be a prime example of democratic politicians, of people thinking that they just got bullshitted. Again, someone bullshitted them because they gave some answer where they were like, nah, I think he was fine and he did a lot of good things and the party lost their mind after the debate and the polls actually showed this and all the bullshit that they were saying.


I think, yeah, I think that's true. I think the press is gonna, like, this is gonna be a hurdle that attest the press is going to g and the, and I use the press in the broadest thing. I mean, Kristen Walker meet the press to the podcaster who is doing the interview. Like, like Elizabeth Warren got taken down on a podcast, not on, you know, the situation room or whatever. Right. The, I think there's just two more things I wanna say. I know I said I didn't really wanna talk about this, but now I have a lot to say about it, so I apologize for that. But No, Fine. The one thing that I found very frustrating is Biden can't, I mean, I know this is the, like we know him, this is the pride in him, but it is, I find it very aggravating and infuriate frankly infuriating when he says that he thinks he would've won, because I feel like that's so, it's politically insane, right?


It's just, it's like detached from reality. But even that, even if you truly believe that to, to verbalize that in such a direct way repeatedly is to me so disrespectful of Kamala Harris, who he put it into possible position of in a gazillion ways, right? From yeah, like some of the things she had to take on as vice president to the three weeks in, or whatever it was between the debate. And when he actually got out the month, I guess 30 days or whatever it was like that he took that time like that, that like be, be answer that question better in a more respectful way to your vice president who in a different world would've lost as vice president if he had stayed in the race, she would've lost as vice president and she would be the front runner for the Democratic nomination.


She may still be that right now, but it's different because she was the nominee who lost. And so it's just like, so that angers me. And the second piece is there is just like, it is deeply naive to, for Biden and his team to think that he can really change the, the conversation around his legacy right now with interviews. What, like where his like, I think there's a ver there's a real chance that decades from now Biden's legacy will greatly improve in people's minds. 'cause people will look back at some of the really important things he did. He beat Trump the pandemic, like maybe the, some of the long-term investments he made really bear fruit and he can end up like someone like Harry Truman who was a one term president who was left very weak and then ended up as being seen as one of our greater presidents.


But that happens over time. It's not something you're gonna solve on the view. And so it's like step back, like putting it, reminding people of why they didn't want you to run in the first place is not gonna help that conversation. So it's just like you have to, if you really truly believe that the work you did was good, then you have to trust history to judge it correctly. Yeah. Yeah. All right. When we come back from the break, you'll hear my conversation with strict scrutinies Leah Lipman. But before we do that brand new episode of Rollercoaster just dropped. Dan, what'd you guys talk about this week? We Talked about Donald Trump's Ill, speaking of Joe Biden, we talked about Donald Trump's Ill-fated efforts to blame the economy on Joe Biden and why that was a strategy doomed to fail miserably. Yeah. And we took a bunch of really interesting questions from the listeners.


It was great. Great episode. Caroline was amazing as always. Really fun. Check it out to Ask Dan questions or listen to Polar coaster and to get ad free episodes of all your favorite shows and access to our Discord community. Subscribe to Friends of the Pod at cricket.com/friends or on Apple Podcasts.


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. According to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand headcount for 2025. That's a lot of time spent hiring. If you are one of those employers who's ramping up hiring this year, God bless you. If you are, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan. It lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you save time and right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and schedule and qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you wanna talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. We love ZipRecruiter. We've used it here at Cricket to hire people for years. It makes the process much easier as those of you who've hired know it's a tricky process that is very time consuming. ZipRecruiter makes it simple. Save time. Hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/crooked right now to try zip intro for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with the new someone or simply to strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash a look of bold 14 karat gold layer that fit with a solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


Leah, welcome back to the show. Thanks for having me. Congrats on your new book. That's out next week, May 13th. It's called Lawless. How the Supreme Court Runs on Conservative Grievance, Fringe Theories and Bad Vibes. Here it is right in front of me displayed. I wanna talk about the book a little bit later. First, I wanna pick your brain on some of the, a lot of the legal news that's out there. 'cause there's plenty. It has now been several weeks since the Supreme Court upheld the district court's order that the Trump administration must take steps to facilitate the release of Kmar or Bgo Garcia. Trump administration has refused to do so.


Trump basically said he could, but that his lawyers don't want to. That was sort of the essence of the answer. He gave Terry Moran of a, B, C. What happens now like and what can you do if you are Kmar Abrego Garcia's lawyers? So I think what is going to happen is the District court proceedings are going to continue to play out. It's likely that kil Mara Bgo Garcia's lawyers might file a motion to show cause as to why the government isn't in contempt of the lower court ruling directing the administration to facilitate Abrego Garcia's return. There's always some discomfort with using out of court statements in court to actually prove them.


And so there is going to be some tension with, well do you actually take Trump at his word when he wasn't signing a sworn declaration or hadn't been administered an oath and take that at face value and use it against him. But I think it's not just that, it's the fact that, as you say, so much time has passed. They have done Didly squat and everybody knows that there is an agreement that obviously they have some leverage on. I saw the New York Times report that the State Department sent a diplomatic note to Pika basically asking him to facilitate the release and then he said, no, obviously this is like a cover your ass move. Do you think the courts buy that?


Is that enough for the courts? Does that qualify as trying to facilitate? You know, this is some of the difficulty that the Supreme Court, I think put the lower court in because they told the lower court you cannot actually effectuate the return. That is, you can't specifically order the precedent to do X, Y, or Z. And so that gives the administration some cover to do these antics where they, you know, ping Bouley and say, wink wink, nudge, nudge, right? Won't you return him? And then Bucha says, no, I will not. And then everyone around us knows what's going on. But it's gonna be difficult for courts to say, we all know what's going on here. Right?


Like they want some direct evidence to kind of prove that. I think there is enough for them to say the administration isn't facilitating the return, but it's going to be a fight. Do you think this ends up back at the Supreme Court At some point, Yes. Unless the Trump administration actually gets Mr. Rego Garcia as well as the other individuals that other courts have now concluded, were wrongfully deported back. There's no reason why their lawyers aren't going to ask the Supreme Court and other appellate courts to get the administration to actually do something. Speaking of things that may end up back at the Supreme Court, you know, they, they chose not to rule on the legality of Trump invoking the Alien Enemies Act in this way.


But now we have two judges, one a Trump appointed judge who have ruled that the invocation is unlawful. We also have now a declassified intelligence report that they don't, you know, that the intelligence agencies, with the partial exception of the FBI don't, don't really think that the Maduro government is coordinating with Trend AUA and telling them to go invade the United States. I feel like that's gonna be headed back to the Supreme Court as well. Ideally before another few hundred people are shipped off to Sea Cot. Like what's taking so long there? That would be ideal. You know what's taking so long is the Supreme Court created this situation where they forced everyone to use this other procedural mechanism to challenge the Alien Enemies Act.


And that was always going to take some additional time to delay the Supreme Court actually having to say, obviously you can't use the Alien Enemies Act here. You know, it's not just the declassified intelligence reports and whatnot. We can all read and the statute says it applies to foreign nations when there's been a predatory incursion or invasion. None of these things are true here. So Steven Miller, who's not a lawyer and the president also not a lawyer, JD Vance, who is a lawyer, they also To, he went to Yale, it doesn't really count. He Went to, they keep arguing that, you know, due process only applies to citizens or you know, JD Vance tries to say, well, we can't be expected to offer a hearing for every immigrant and asylum seeker before we deport them.


Do you think think there's any court that takes that legal argument seriously? I hesitate to say no court will because I am well aware of some of the individuals that Donald Trump has appointed to the lower courts. You know, there was the classic, let me order a nationwide ban on medication abortion, you know, doozy from Matthew Kme, there's the Eileen Cannon specials of basically single-handedly preventing any trial on the obstruction and wrongful retention of classified material charges against Donald Trump. So I'm not gonna say no court, but that doesn't mean the arguments aren't utter bullshit, right? Like again, we can all read, the Constitution says no person shall be denied life, liberty property without due process.


It's not limited to citizens. Also no one is asking for full blown trials for every individual who is part of immigration proceedings. All they're asking for is some sort of hearing before. By the way, an executive branch official, like an asylum officer or immigration judge or Board of Immigration appeals. And it's not my fault that Donald Trump has fired a bunch of people, made civil service intolerable and is terrorizing bureaucrats. They could offer these hearings if they wanted to. Instead they have opted for effectively concentration camps. Also in that initial Alien Enemies Act ruling.


That was the five four ruling. Even there, the majority was basically like, well the government acknowledges that everyone deserves due process and that is something that we've, we all believe as well. And that would seemingly include all nine of them. So, so I don't, I don't even know what they're doing there just Because the Supreme Court says something does not make it true. John, and this is one of the big lessons of my book Lawless, because while the Supreme Court said the government acknowledged that people were entitled to notice and the opportunity to challenge their detention, in fact, the actual papers that the government filed said they were under no obligation to modify when an individual was deported or ex expelled in order to give them time to challenge their deportation.


The government took the outlandish position that basically everyone walks around with habeas petitions in their pockets and boots. And so whenever they are arrested or removed, they have an opportunity to challenge their detention because they can just whip out that ready-made habeas petition that they all have, you know, in their wallets and handy. So, you know, yes the government kind of acknowledged that everyone is entitled to due process, but they just define that to basically mean nothing. And the Supreme Court knew that. It seems like that would be a profitable business in this era. Just to just make sure that everyone, you can sell habeas petitions so that people just have them at the ready. Should we get abducted by the government? I don't know. You know, I think part of the difficulty is the government is trotting out so many different bases for deporting and expelling people that even if you were carrying around a handicap petition, challenging one possible basis on which the government might send you to a foreign mega prison, no guarantee that that's the actual ground they would invoke.


Seems it's a bit, bit of a whack-a-mole there. Yeah. So it seems like Trump keeps losing in court when it comes to his most overtly authoritarian actions. Banning law firms from practicing in federal court was struck down by a federal judge last week. Freezing federal funding, tried to do that to Maine. That was struck down his attempt to regulate federal elections. It seems like the DOJ has said they're not even gonna bring that back after that got struck down to court. Are you surprised, relieved, mildly heartened, what do you, You know, I might use all of the adjectives, but I'm not breathing easy just yet.


In part because these cases have not made their way up through the appellate courts. And I don't think it's an accident that lower courts are more uniformly ruling against the Trump administration than the appellate courts or Supreme Court is. So, you know, lower courts, they tend to be a little bit less ideological. They're oftentimes appointed with the consent of the home state senators. And so even people appointed by Trump and states with democratic senators, they're not gonna be as Craig Cray as the people he's putting on the Supreme Court or the appellate courts. I do find it, I mean, and again, who knows with the, with the court, the judges we have out there right now. But I do find that the, the EO on the law firms yeah, seems pretty obviously unconstitutional.


I'm no legal scholar, I'm no lawyer, but like, I don't know how that one gets upheld anywhere. I hesitate just to say it's unconstitutional because it manages to pack in like at least five different constitutional violations to a pretty short executive order. So yeah, that one's really wild. Really wild. So all this brings us to your book Lawless, which is about how we came to have a Supreme Court majority that essentially tries to disguise increasingly extreme right-wing political views as carefully reasoned legal doctrine that comes straight from the Constitution. Why did you wanna write this book?


So I started thinking about writing the book after the court overruled Roe versus Wade. And it seemed like a moment when more people were paying attention to the court and understanding just how broken the Supreme Court was. You know, from my own perspective, I was pretty nervous and scared about the Supreme Court back in 2011 when I was clerking for the court. And they came within one vote of dismantling the entire Affordable Care Act and health insurance for so many people based on some cockamamie theory that the government might force us to eat broccoli one day. And so I, I thought people should be more worried about the Supreme Court back then, almost 10 years later when people were more concerned. I thought, I actually want to talk to people about just how bad things have gotten because there will inevitably be a moment when people come to believe maybe the Supreme Court isn't actually so bad.


And I want them to understand like how the court got us to this moment we are in and just how messed up the court has become. You sort of traced the, the history of, of how this all started. Can you talk about the origin of the court's politicization, at least in the, in the modern era and maybe explain the Greenhouse effect, which I thought was a great example. Yeah, so Origins, it's really an amalgamation of different grievance stews that they kind of threw in together and then decided to base a political movement around because when the political parties were going through this bigger alignment after the civil rights movement, you know, you had the Republican party decide, well we wanna cater to white Southerners and conservative Christians.


And so they were adopting positions that almost by definition were not going to appeal to a majority of the country and in particular groups that were newly included in civic society. And so they kind of leaned into minority rule and having minority rule requires them to control the Supreme Court. So they recognize we kind of need the Supreme Court in order to impose our wildly unpopular weirdo views on the rest of the country. And so they went about trying to control the Supreme Court and they successfully took it over through, you know, different factors I'm happy to talk about, but that's kind of the high level story. And one of those factors relates to this greenhouse effect that you just alluded to.


So the Greenhouse Effect refers to this idea that once Republican presidents appointed Republican justices to the Supreme Court, they drifted left because they would read news coverage about them. And again, because the median person in the country doesn't think women should be stripped of rights, doesn't actually think the mega rich should control politics, when the Republican justices would write those things in opinions, they would be criticized and they didn't like that. And so they would drift left. And the Greenhouse Effect was named for former New York Times Supreme Court reporter, Linda Greenhouse. So they created their own ecosystem like the Federalist Society that would provide the justices with affirmation for doing Republican things. So they got some validation and affirmation and they basically had built in fans, for lack of a better word.


So yeah, basically they realized they had to keep feeding them a, a steady stream of crazy in their media diet just to kind of keep 'em part of the plan. Yeah, They built this echo chamber and that's part of it. Do you Get the sense that a lot of elected officials and legal experts and law professors are still reluctant to view the court's actions and decisions as nakedly partisan or political? Or do you think that shifted over time, especially with this court? I still think there is considerable reluctance to do so. I think people tend to gravitate toward focusing on the differences between the Republican appointees. So we are fed a constant stream of stories about, oh my gosh, Amy Coney Barrett has not voted with the other Republican appointees in every single case.


Doesn't this prove that she is in fact a big secret liberal and the court is super moderate? No, in fact it does not. And I think people also who are part of the legal profession want to believe that the Supreme Court, the law, the legal profession is different than politics. It's something special. It requires some specialized training and it does in some respects. But the reality is how the court is operating now can be explained with reference to politics and ideology and trying to report on Supreme Court decisions and litigation without doing so, is borderline malpractice at this point. Where do you think that reluctance comes from?


Because yeah, like I remember, I remember I sort of first came in contact with it when we started doing the show and it was 2017 and Gorsuch was, it was nominated in the, the Gorsuch confirmation. And there were people who, you know, in the legal profession had worked in democratic politics, more liberal leaning who were like, I don't agree with, I don't agree with Gorsuch, but you know, he's still a, he's still a good guy and he's got some solid legal, you know, background and he is really smart. Actually, the first time I heard it a little around the Roberts confirmation way back in 2005 when I was working for then Senator Obama, people started saying that too. But you know, it feels like it's dissipated a bit since then.


But it always surprised me. I'm like, where does this come from? Why do you feel the need to do this? You Know, I don't know where to start with that. You know, I, I could remind you or ask you to remind all of the people that were saying that about Neil Gorsuch, that in the last few weeks Neil Gorsuch looked at the book called Pride Puppy and insisted it had bondage workers and sex workers when in fact all it had was a woman in a leather jacket at a pride parade. So maybe not such a legal super genius or maybe he can't read, I don't know. But as to like why people want to continue to insist that no, this isn't just political, you know, doing the podcast and studying the court has given me insight into the minds of Sam Alito and Neil Gorsuch and those are really dark, bleak places.


I don't know that I have as firm a grasp on why the legal commentariat or legal profession sticks to this idea that we shouldn't explain the court and its decisions and its reasoning in terms of politics or ideology. Some of it comes from, for people in the media, a desire to appear unbiased and to do both sides. I think some of it comes from people in the legal profession. Again, a desire to lean on this idea that there is a specialized training and expertise, which again, I can see there is, but they want that to matter more than politics when we need to acknowledge both. And part of why I wanted to write the book is when you put out the actual reasoning in the decisions and you situate that in terms of here were the political talking points that were happening 20 years before, 10 years before, the language is just totally ripped from it.


I mean, John Roberts, again, that super genius guy who was just calling Balls and strikes who super moderate Institutionalists, literally struck down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act section five in Shelby County by saying it illegally discriminated against who the former confederacy, the poor former Confederate states who were victimized for being called out for their history of racial discrimination. And guess whose objection that was to the Voting Rights Act all along segregationist Strom Thurmond who literally called it right, like political vendettas and retribution and a campaign against a certain part of the country. So yeah, he whitewashed it, sand washed it a little, but it's still the same stuff.


Yeah, it does it, it seems like it mirrors a bit what we've seen in electoral politics as well on on the left or at least the center left, which is, you know, we believe deeply in institutions Yes. Democratic institutions, yeah. And want to defend those institutions or at least make those institutions work and make sure that they're trusted. And you get caught between wanting to have faith in the institutions and believing that the institutions operate based on a certain set of objective rules and principles, whereas the right has decided that they just wanna tear down those institutions. And so, and you're like, well look, I, and I wonder just like what do you think the best strategy for liberals is here or, and or people in the legal profession who just wanna take the court back from sort of the, the extreme, right?


Like is mirroring what the right has done the best strategy? Should there be a liberal version of the Federalist Society or, or how, what do you, what are your thoughts on that? Yeah, So you know, in addition to tearing down the institutions, I mean, I think we should understand what the Republican Party has done with the Supreme Court as effectively weaponizing it and like capturing the machinery of the state because through the Supreme Court they basically made it so Joe Biden couldn't govern, right? They took one of his most popular policies, student debt relief and blew it up. And then you had people blaming Biden and the Democrats for not doing student debt relief when no, no, no, no. That was the Supreme Court. So as to this institutionalism institutionalist thing, I agree that is just a big challenge for people on the left Democrats Center left.


You know, I believe there have to be institutions. I believe in the rule of law. It just also is the case that I look at the institution we currently have the Supreme Court and it is not functioning as an institution that is part of a constitutional liberal democracy should function. And so it needs to be changed. I don't think that makes me not an institutionalist. I actually think that makes me an institutionalist. 'cause I actually want to bolster and make this a legitimate functioning place as to how we get there. I'm not a big fan of this Federal Society of the Left, in part because the Federalist Society works in part because it's based on Fringe Theories. They are a minority, right?


It's easier to credential people in that system and have those network effects when you're operating with smaller numbers. I think there are parts of the conservative legal movement the left should replicate campaigning against the court, making the court part of politics that should absolutely be part of the strategy. Like identifying, again, a kind of common punching bag that we can all mock and make fun of and rum against. Like that's part of what makes politics fun and it can be effective as well. And so I think there are components of the conservative legal movement strategy that can be replicated, some that can't and some that shouldn't be. The book is Lawless. How the Supreme Court Runs on Conservative Grievance, Fringe Theories and Bad Vibes.


It's out May 13th, but you can pre-order right now wherever books are sold, go get this book. I have to say, you know, I never went down the legal path because I took a couple law classes in in undergrad and it was like too dense for me. And you write this book and it's so funny and it's so accessible and still so smart that if I had had a book like this in college, who knows, maybe I would've gone to law school. So everyone, everyone go, go buy Lala, go pre-order it and then go buy it next week. Well, thank you so much and if you're on the fence, I just say try to make Sam Alito even madder than he already is. Yes, that is it.


That is it. Leah Lipman, thank you as always for joining. Thank you. That's our show for today. Thanks so much Talia for joining and we will be back with a new show on Tuesday. Everyone have a great weekend. Bye everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricket.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and program. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Kone, Haley Jones, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Pal Aviv and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East Noah.


Tomorrow is, it's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date, or a small gathering drinks with a new someone, or simply to strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash. A look of bold 14 carat gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow, you be the one who went to Jared.


The mother of all sales is happening right now at Designer Shoe Warehouse. Score up to 25% off big deal brands like Adidas, Crocs, converse, Reebok, and more. And just in time for Mother's Day, find the perfect gift for her or for you because Mama needs a new pair of shoes. And hurry, this mother loving deal ends Sunday. Save up to 25% at your DSW store or dsw.com today.