
This show is sponsored by Better Help. What do you want your 2025 story to be? A romantic comedy. Oh, That's nice. Sad for Emily, I suppose. Oh, she's starring in it. Oh, I see. Yeah. Well, you remember in the sitcom phase, the romcom phase leads into sitcom phase. We don't have A romcom for people who've been married seven years. You can try. That's a, That's a new, that's a new twist on the record. Okay, Sure. Every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist, or maybe there's a part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live. I have benefited from therapy. It's great. Everyone should try therapy. You get someone, you, you sit down, you talk to them for an hour a week. And boy, do you feel better afterwards. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/psa.


The first 100 days bills are passed, executive orders are signed, and presidencies are defined. And for Donald Trump's first 100 days, Rachel Maddow is on MSNBC five nights a week. Now is the time. So we're gonna do it. Providing her unique insight and analysis during this critical time. How do We strategically align ourselves to this moment of information, this moment of transition in our country? The Rachel Maddow Show, weeknights at 9:00 PM Eastern on MSNBC.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD, like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justice is within reach. Tap the banner or visit i uud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. So this is our first Sunday show of the new year. We are going to be doing one of these every other Sunday for 2025. Exciting. On each of these shows, we're gonna talk to someone really smart in politics or media. And the idea is to sort of step away from the churn and the breaking news and to have interesting, thoughtful conversations about the big ideas and forces and trends shaping the news, shaping politics that we are all scrambling to digest every day.


As I'm sure all of you are as well. I am thrilled that our first Sunday guest is Rachel Maddow, host of the Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC. Rachel is back to anchoring the 9:00 PM hour every week night for the first a hundred days of the second Trump administration. They somehow got her to come back and do five nights a week. Poor Rachel, but lucky us. On day three of the administration on Wednesday, I sat down with Rachel here at the Sirius XM Studios in New York across from MSNBC's offices at 30 Rock. No doubt by the time you're hearing this on Sunday, a ton of crazy new shit will have happened.


But already by Wednesday, things were feeling not great. Pretty surreal. Here's a sampling of some of what's happened this week. Do you intend to continue selling products that benefit yourself personally while you're president? Well, I don't know if it benefited. I don't know how, where it is. I don't know much about it other than I launched it. I heard it was very successful. I haven't checked it. Where is it today? You, you, you made a lot of money, sir. How much? 30 several billion dollars. It seems like in the last several days, Several billion. That's peanuts for these guys By pardoning. Not some of the rioters, but all of them.


Political violence in this country just became mainstream. It is now a fact of life in America. This was a political hoax. And you know what? Those people, and I'm not saying in every single case, but there was a lot of patriotism with those people. There are gay, lesbian and transgender children in Democratic Republican and independent families, some who fear for their lives. She should never be allowed to preach the message of Jesus in her life because she's not even talking about Jesus. This Is why no one's going to these. Yeah, this is why these denominations are dying.


Well, that's just, you know, Elon's thing to grab your heart with one hand and then to shoot it out in the sky. You know, you're just, you're, you're asking for it. You're asking for it. Maybe he is just not very well coordinated. I don't know. FEMA is gonna be a whole big discussion very shortly because I'd rather see the states take care of their own problem. A lot of my friends on the other side of the IR are sitting by idly while Donald Trump proposes by executive order to destroy section one of the 14th Amendment, which establishes that everybody born in the United States is a citizen of the United States. That's the difference in leadership style. So, masculinity's Back, how many genders are there, Tommy?


How many genders are there, Tommy? The honest answer, Jesse, I don't care. I'm a libertarian. I don't care. What do you want be? You can be what you wanna be, Jesse. I Won youth by 36 points. Now maybe that's 'cause I went on TikTok. I don't know. These people are disgusting. They say that therefore, women turns out MAGA and conservatives are the feminists. Now. We are the ones like Donald Trump who are protecting women and children. They're not doing it. I wanted to talk to Rachel for this first Sunday show, not just because like us, it's her job to cover this day in and day out. But because as listeners of this show know really well, she thinks about things and talks about things and crystallizes things in a way that no one else does.


Here's my conversation with Rachel Maddow. Rachel Maddow, welcome back to Pod Save America. Hi John. Nice to see you. You too. You I used, I used to work here. Yeah. We're in SiriusXM in, in New York City. I forgot About that. In New York. In the New York. And I was, I was thinking, oh, I, I remember where this, this address is ringing a bell. And then I got out of the elevator and I thought, ah, this is where I did my gay love song call in late night show. What Really? As a fill in host, I wasn't the main host. You get a lot of callers. Oh yeah. Yes. All men. Yeah. Okay. That was weird. But yeah, it was, that was a little, a little known, like sort of grace note on my resume.


Most requested songs. Did You ask? It was, it was a lot of disco. A lot of disco. See, I thought it was love songs. And so it was gonna, the Collins were gonna be like heart to heart. Like, oh, he left me and I wanna win him back and everything. But it was really like love songs. Like I remember we met at the club and play that, you know, You know Diana Ross, Whatever. That's, that works too. Yeah. Thank you so much for taking the time during an especially busy week for you. Now that they have pulled you back in Yep. Into doing five nights a week for Trump's first a hundred days. I'm happy to do it. This is our inaugural Sunday show. The idea is to have a, a weekly conversation with smart people in politics and media. Lets us sort of step back from the breaking news coverage, focus on the big picture.


Love to start with how you are processing the return of Donald Trump. I think we've all learned in the, in the Trump era, that it is, it's possible to be shocked even when we aren't surprised. There's a difference between fully expecting what will happen and then experiencing it. Yeah. As it happens. So what's been going through your mind this week? I feel like, oh yeah, that's what these muscles are for. Yeah. This is what we train for. You know, being back five days a week is its own experience for me. It's been a few years since I've been doing Monday to Friday shows. And so that's got its whole, its own vibe and its own feeling.


But there is a cadence to the Trump chaos news cycle, or a lack of cadence, rather. Yeah. The 24 hours a day turning on a dime, internal incoherence, shocking for shock value, shocking for incompetence. All of that stuff is just kind of flooding back in terms of how to do it. And you can despair over that because the first Trump term was broadly speaking, bad times for America. But I also think, well, you know what? We know a little bit about how to cover this. We know a little bit about what to expect. We know a little bit about what he's like. And so it is our responsibility and our privilege to cover it as best as we possibly can.


And I know how to do that. And I'm, I'm here. I'm ready to go. Put me in coach. I'm ready to play. I feel the same way from the perspective of like me covering politics and talking about it on Pod Save America. Has there been a moment where it's like hit you personally, where you're just watching it and you're like, oh yeah, this is gonna, we're gonna be doing this for four more years now? You know what it was, it was the, in the flurry of first couple days of actions, there was the stuff about water in California that, and Trump started sort of elaborating on it. There was an executive action about it, but then he also started talking about it, about how we need, there's there we need to turn the valve.


Yeah. There is a valve in Northern California that if you just turn it, we will get water in Los Angeles. He Thinks, I think that north is also up and that up there's a water tower, like it's a New York building, and if you just turn the valve then down gets the water. And in the campaign, you might remember a, him riffing a lot on the difficulty of washing his hair and how many times he has to flush the toilet to make what's in the toilet, go down the toilet. And I keep, I was realizing like, oh, we we're gonna get the plumbing stuff again. Yeah. We're playing the hits. It's one thing to think about the truly radical designs he has on for the country and, and for the democracy.


But it's another thing just to remember like the, the personal pathology that's gonna be played out out loud ad nauseum and just repeated until other Republicans start articulating it as a value too. Right. And that, the reminder of the nonsense of it, the human nonsense of it was, is a visceral thing for me. Also, I also think like, wow, how could history have been different had he been able to realize his dream of being a plumber? Maybe, maybe we as a country wouldn't be going Through all of this stuff. Yeah. He was a plumber, a hug from dad, something like that. We're recording this on Wednesday, so who knows what else will happen over the next few days. I haven't been able to get past him pardoning supporters of his, who were convicted of violent crime on January 6th.


Yeah. Because of the message it sends to other Trump supporters who also want to commit political violence because only around, you know, 20% of Americans support the pardons. And because somehow it's not the only thing, or even the main thing that everyone's talking about. Why do you think that is? And, and what, what are, what is your thoughts been on the, on the pardons? Well, the Flood the zone idea is real. And, and they, they, we not only lived through that before, but they articulate that strategically. People like Steve Bannon and, and Steven Miller and others, they don't want us to be able to focus on any one bad nominee because there are so many bad nominees. Yeah. They don't want us to be able to focus on any one outrageous action or, or policy because there are so many outrageous actions and policies.


And that's a, that's a strategy. And so that's part of the reason why we find it hard to focus. I do think that the pardons thing is gonna be something that they regret, and I think it's gonna be something for which they have to pay a political cost. Because we've already seen it just in the immediate aftermath of the pardons that just about every Republican elected official who is asked about it has to say, I haven't seen the details. Yeah. I haven't, Tommy Tuberville, I haven't watched the videos of the police being assaulted, so therefore I can't comment on it. But of course, anybody who assaults police officers shouldn't be pardoned seeing Republican elected officials, including the Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, including all of these Republican senators who now have to, for example, vote on Trump nominees, seeing them unable to articulate a justification for it, seeing them uncomfortable, wanting not to be asked about it, knowing that it is indefensible and nevertheless being asked to defend it, that is constructive.


Yeah. Because Trump may have his own, I don't know what's going on inside his head, and I don't know exactly what he wants in the world, and I don't like to think about his brain, so I don't, but I do know a little bit about how politics works. And I do know that while he may want to be a one man sort of tyrannical monarch, monarch style ruler, he for now exists in a democracy that has other elements of authority and governance. And to the extent that Republicans are personally repulsed by what he's doing and asked about it constantly and can't defend it, and essentially are being forced into a corner where they either have to hide from questions or say they disagree with him, that's probably good in terms of slowing down the worst things he wants to do.


And I think it's a good sign that, that so many Republicans had a terrible, terrible first full day of Trump's second term. It's wild because I, I thought your, your monologue about this and about sort of the use of shame as a tool for elected Republicans who have to defend this was, was wonderful. From time to time, we enter into a period where people in public office very frequently do lots of terrible things. What turns them around? What stops them from doing terrible things? What makes them correct course and start doing the right thing instead? One thing that sometimes works is shame and embarrassment being confronted with the wrongness of what they're doing, feeling shame or embarrassment, or at least the possibility of public rebuke and the awkwardness of being unable to explain their actions in a way that satisfies anyone.


Sometimes you can't turn public officials around, but sometimes you can. Sometimes that sort of thing can cause public officials who are otherwise behaving in ways that are weak and wrong to find their spine and to change their minds. I noticed right before we started recording today, Mike Johnson got up and was asked about the pardons, and he said, well, look, it's, you know, Donald Trump, it's, he has the authority. And all along the case has been that people who protest peacefully shouldn't be punished and then announce that they're gonna investigate Joe Biden's pardons. Yeah. Without even commenting on the people who are convicted of violence. And it's, and, and then it's incumbent upon anybody who next encounters him to ask him the follow up questions.


Right. So, like, the peaceful protest is not something that has been criminalized in this country, in this environment around January 6th. January 6th was not a peaceful protest among the people who Donald Trump deliberately pardoned, even though they had the option not to, were people who explicitly pled guilty, not to peacefully protesting, but rather to attacking police officers and trying to kill them with baseball bats and two by fours. So, I mean, it just, it just means that this should follow Mike Johnson around like a smell. Yeah. Apparently, according to reporting from Axios. And notice JD Vance saying on the Sunday shows before Donald Trump was inaugurated, that obviously we shouldn't pardon people who committed violence.


It was the response to that, that finally led Trump to say, apparently, according to a source, according to Axios, fuck it, let's let 'em all out. Because the Trump base people were mad that JD Vance thought that they were gonna go one by one. So that was basically a trial balloon. Yeah. And think about what that means for the dynamic between Trump and JD Vance in the same way with the Matt Gates nomination. Right. I mean, they nominated somebody for Attorney General reportedly at the behest of Boris, who they later said, were shaking people down for bribes in order for him to suggest, to suggest them to the president as potential appointees.


I don't know, maybe somebody should follow up on that. But reportedly at the behest of Boris Ept Epstein, they named a guy who was actively under investigation for statutory rape drug use and prostitution to be Attorney General of the United States. And you can question Donald Trump's judgment in doing that. Sure. That's a discussion. What's in Trump's head? What are his aims? Fine. I'm politically more interested in the fact that they then had the vice president elect, JD Vance, personally grab Matt Gaetz by the arm and walk him into the offices of all of these Republican senators who they then leveraged into endorsing Matt Gaetz for Attorney General and saying, yes, they would vote for him.


Give Matt a chance to have humiliated JD Vance that way and cost those Republican senators forever. Those Republican senators will have it on their record that they thought Matt Gates was a great choice for Attorney General before they then pulled him and wasted all that political capital that's just political malpractice within the Republican party and between the president and vice president. And if that's how they're going to act, they should pay for it politically, and they should be asked about that stuff constantly. JD Vance has been now twice publicly humiliated on core issues that he purports to be principled on law and order with Matt Gaetz and the pardons thing where he said, anybody who attacked a police officer or was violent shouldn't be pardoned.


And then they were, he should be asked about that every time he pops his head above ground. Sean Hannity did this event last night where he's interviewing Mike Johnson, but he's got all the other Republican House members sitting there, and he basically talks to them like they're kindergartners. And he was like, now you all know you're not gonna get everything you want out of these bills in the first year. Could you imagine you doing a show where you're like interviewing Hakeem Jeffries and like all the other house Democrats are there, and you're just like wagging your finger at them and telling them like, this is what you can expect. This is what you can expect, and if you have a problem, take it up with daddy. What? Talking About, I just think they've all decided to like become supplicants to Donald. Like they don't, I don't know that I hope that shame works, but I don't know if there's any of them left that have that, that have shame.


I think being a, a supplicant and doing this sort of dear leader Yes, sir. Whatever you say, sir. Yes. I I'm going to turn in my mother. Yes. Two plus two equals five. Yes. Matt Gates is a good attorney. General choice. Yes. People who, who hit police officers with baseball bats should be sprung from prison. Yes. The January 6th defense attorney should be the US attorney, the acting US attorney in the district of dc. All of these things are humiliations to every Republican who lines up with them. Yeah. And there's no such thing as humiliation for Donald Trump. He doesn't, I think, experience shame or embarrassment.


And again, I don't, I don't care to investigate why, but other Republicans do. And Donald Trump isn't going to live forever. And the MAGA movement is maybe at its apex right now, but it won't be forever. All of these guys are gonna have to run for something and they're all gonna have to look at themselves in the mirror. And they all have, you know, mothers, many of them children, and they have to live with themselves. Yeah. And I do think that, I'm not counting on human decency, but I am counting on human embarrassment and, and shame and awkwardness. Yeah. The difficulty of answering questions about these things to be a moderating force in terms of what he can get from his own party.


And I think what he can get from his own party for the foreseeable future is going to be the, the only defacto limiting constraint in terms of what he can get away with.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place. All in your terms. Introducing design Intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful, more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. With Squarespace, onboarding is fast and simple. Get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, give your customers more ways to pay with popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit, apple Pay after pay, and Clear pay, connect major social and multimedia accounts to your website in a few clicks as icons, direct links or embedded feeds. Build visitor trust while updating content only where you need it. Extending your brand's footprint. Sellers can also sync their product catalog directly with Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and Google to reach more customers and reduce the steps for purchase. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD, like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


You are a student of history, especially as it relates to authoritarian movements Yep. In other countries and in our own. If you're listening, you haven't already, you should go listen to Rachel's podcast Ultra. Thank you. We'll read prequel, both of which tell the story of a fascist movement in 1930s America. Excellent. Both. Excellent. Thank you. What are you seeing right now that feels like history's repeating itself? What feels new and any lessons from all your research that could be useful to us? Right now? The thing that feels new in modern America, like in the past century, I'd say in the United States, that is something that we do see in other countries.


And this is something where either contemp, even contemporary other countries, I think offer a good lesson in terms of what this means is the attempt to, to integrate loyal lawless, paramilitary force with the state. So we have these executive orders that direct people within the Justice Department and the intelligence agencies, and even like the SEC and the FTC to investigate past actions by those agencies, basically to see if there's anything that they can use as a pretext to bring prosecutions against government officials and former Biden administration officials. Like that's the use of the government to essentially terrorize the opposition and to terrorize the previous administration.


At the same time, you've also got, you know, flinging open the doors of the federal penitentiary and letting out over 200 people who were actively incarcerated for federal crimes, most of which involved violence on January 6th. And you've got pro maga members of Congress like Lauren Bobert offering to give them guided tours of the capitol now that they're out. I highlighted on the show on Tuesday night, one of those guys who she was offering a tour of the capitol flashing the white power sign behind her while she was saying it. The, the, the, those sort of twin threats that we're gonna use the government to destroy opposition, but we're also going to use lawless, loyal, paramilitary, immunized force to physically menace people and to create an environment in the civic space that makes regular people afraid to enter regular people afraid to participate.


That is something that we've seen in lots of other authoritarian countries. We've seen that, for example, in, in Turkey in modern times. We've seen that a little bit in Hungary. We've seen that in some other, we've seen it in the Philippines seeing that in the United States, those things happening at once feels new. And it's worth remembering that paramilitary violence and militias are illegal in every state in the country. And even if they are gonna be immunized federally, this may be a place for state law enforcement. Yeah. I'm interested in how you're thinking about covering Trump 2.0. I saw you say that you're trying to follow a, you know, watch what he does, not what he says mantra, which we're, we're trying to do on this show as well.


It's hard. Yeah. It's hard to know when he is being serious, when he is trolling. It's hard to know what matters, what matters less. It's hard to know like where to focus people's attention. How are you thinking about navigating all that? How are you thinking about it? That's, I'm still, I'm still working it out right now. I'm trying to, I'm trying to focus on like what the effects of his policies on people, because I'm thinking just from a, a political perspective, that we need to persuade people that maybe people who voted for Trump for the first time, or people who didn't vote at all, that he's not, what he promised is not gonna happen. Right. He's not gonna make their their lives better. And I don't think that just means sort of kitchen table issues, though.


It does. I think it also means like making sure people know that now there are these violent criminals who are convicted of assaulting police officers out on the streets, and that's what he's doing too. So I think that I'm trying to do less of what was the salute that Elon Musk gave, right. Because it's like, okay, who, who wins that fight? Right? Like, like we can have that debate and then maybe everyone in the country can say, oh yeah, no, it was a, it was a bad salute. And then what happens? Well, we didn't, we didn't vanquish Elon Musk. He's still around, right. He still, he still bought his, his his his speech now. Right. And his position in Government. You could put a new label on it, but he's still doing all the things he does. He, he Gets to do all the things he does. Yeah. So I'm trying to focus on like what actually affects people that Donald Trump is doing and making sure that, that we're clear about it.


And also making sure that, you know, I'm trying not to make, I feel like if you turn the dial, the outrage dial to 11 all the time, then it sort of numbs people. Yeah. And then when something's really serious, they'll be like, ah, you said that before. And it's, you know, it didn't come true. So how does that apply to like the Greenland and Panama stuff? Yeah. Like how are you thinking about that? I'm thinking that he seems pretty serious about Panama. I mean, you put something in an inaugural dress and he seems pretty serious about Greenland too. So I think you gotta watch it. Like, I, I don't subscribe to, that's just a distraction. And we can't talk about Greenland and Panama. Right. Especially because it involves, potentially involves military force. Right. Anything that involves, like, again, this is affecting people's lives, right?


People in the, in the military here, people are home. Our safety, our security, the alliances that we have, like that, that does affect people. I would love to talk about it and cover it in a way that people can say, all right, this is how it matters to me. Yeah. But I don't think you can just wave it away as a Distraction. The thing that is interesting about it to me is that it is invented out of whole cloth for the purpose of this Trump term. Yes. Like there was no pressure on the issue of Panama that anybody was agitating about. There was no, I mean Yeah. Like competition for the Arctic. Sure. Like that's, you know, Russia has a lot of icebreakers. Okay. Like yeah, I've been covering that for 15 years. Yeah. But this is something, this is a place they've decided to plant a flag into, put a lot of rhetorical energy to put it in the inaugural, as you say.


And I feel like it's a, it's like a good test case for us to figure out the doing versus saying line. One of the things that's interesting now that he's president is that, you know, Panama's response was to go to the UN and to lodge a complaint with the United Nations saying, Hey, one of the rules here of us all in the United Nations is we're not supposed to threaten and menace other countries. He's doing that. He said in his inaugural, we are taking it. Yeah. And when asked ahead of his inaugural, are you, will you rule out military force? He said, no, I won't. Well that actually it, we actually aren't supposed to do that within the United Nations. He probably knows that that's probably part of this.


Similarly with Greenland, there's a lot of, I think very like elementary level understanding about what it means to be a nato, which is that if any NATO country gets menaced or attacked, all the other NATO countries are treaty bound to defend them and respond to it. Very little discussion though about what happens when one NATO country threatens another. Yeah. Like, that's not a thing that we usually have, but we really can't do that within nato. And threatening to take Greenland is threatening and to do so potentially via military force is threatening to make war on our NATO ally Denmark. So it seems to me that maybe the important thing here is, you know, why did Trump have one of his executive orders be taking us out of the World Health Organization?


Yeah. That just sort of slipped by yesterday. Yeah. It's because he doesn't want us to be in any organizations of any kind that represent the post World War II international legal order. So take us out of the World Health Organization, thereby, effectively, probably collapsing the World Health Organization really screw up NATO by threatening war on a NATO ally, potentially forcing the question of whether or not the United States is rightfully within nato Yeah. Within the United Nations. Start menacing another, I mean, Panama Panama does not have a military. Yeah. So us proposing military force against Panama isn't actually even threatening wars.


Just threatening an invasion. But it does so in a way that is already calling question as to whether or not we are a member in good standing of the United Nations. So if all of this is about blowing up, not just our international standing, but blowing up the post-war international order and all of the international institutions that we bolster that make up the, the, the post World War II international landscape, well then, you know, maybe these things have some logic and it's also, it also means that Trump's second term in office will be the greatest pinnacle of achievement of Vladimir Putin, who more than anything wants to destroy the post-war Right.


Liberal order and have a supposedly multipolar world where big countries just take what they want. Yeah. And that's, again, back to, that's something that people should care about or because if the, you know, at a time when we have Putin and China and Iran and North Korea cooperating more, it is a dangerous world and For us to stand alone or are we gonna stand with them? Yeah. And it's a, and it's a question that, that Americans should, should get the answer to from Donald Trump. Right. Like, this is a dangerous time. What are you planning to do to keep us safe? Is it just to, is it just to take Greenland and Panama? Is that gonna keep us safe? Are we gonna be an axis power now? Right. Yeah. Are we the bad guys this time? Yes. Because if it's, if it's China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea, which is the access that's like, for example, waging war in Ukraine right now.


And that's the model that Trump likes in terms of how countries should not be constrained and how they behave. Is he proposing that, you know, he talks about his love letters from Kim Jong-Un. He says, I know I said that I would end the Russia, Ukraine War in 24 hours within one day of me being elected, let alone sworn in. But he actually said, but I need to talk to Putin. Yeah. In order to see how that's gonna go. Yeah. I mean, the way that he's easing up all, all of his big talk on China, everything that he had threatened against China, all of a sudden China's good. Yeah. China doesn't have to worry about anything. I mean, we'll see how it goes with Iran.


Apparently the last warning that the Biden administration gave to Trump's incoming national security team before they walked out of the White House was watch out. Iran wants to kill US government officials and former US government officials. Yeah. Where upon Trump immediately withdrew the secret service protection detail from John Bolton, which had been put in place because of the Iranian hitman who tried to kill him. The Axis powers to the extent that there is one, are the people and the entities that Trump is acting most inexplicably positive toward. And if we're gonna join that kind of an axi, I don't think that's the way Americans think of ourselves.


Positive America is brought to you by stamps.com. You know, we've used stamps.com here since we started this thing, which was about seven years ago. Right around this time. Pod Save America, the first inauguration 20 20 18. No, no. 27 8 years ago. Oh yeah. Yeah. Seven, eight years ago. Seven and seven is 24th now. 25. Yeah. I forgot the year changed. Yeah, it did really changed on us. Oof. Anyway, we've been using stamps.com for a, for a long time. That's all you need to know. Forever. Flexibility in your workday means you can decide when and where to invest your time. Like focusing on the important parts of the business that only you can do with stamps.com. Tedious tasks like sending certified mail, invoices, checks or documents and packages can be done on your time. Not someone else's. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable flexibility back to your workday. Stamps.com handles all your mailing and shipping needs, wherever, whenever. Access all the USPS and UPS services. You need to run your business right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with the stamps.com mobile app. All you need is a computer and printer. They even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard automatically see your cheapest and fastest shipping options from different carriers. No more tedious postage Math rate advisor helps you calculate the best shipping rates fast. Get rates you won't see anywhere else, like up to 88% off USPS and UPS Have more flexibility in your life with stamps.com. Sign up@stamps.com and use code crooked for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. Just go to stamps.com. Code crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with a paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit i uud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


When you look back at how you covered the first four years of Trump, anything you would've done differently? I would've hydrated more systematically. I would've That's good. That's fair. Rather than relying on individual little paper cups of water that I filled up and then drank while coming back from the water cooler. Yeah. I would've taken, I honestly, I would've taken better care of myself. I I do think that that chaotic cadence of, of there being no normal day of, you know, the president's, what is it? He sleeps in until 10 or 11 in the morning and then watches some TV and rolls in around noon and then just pounds Diet Cokes until four in the morning and makes up policy based on whoever he last spoke to and posts it on his social media.


I mean, that environment for people who are trying to, you know, cover the most important country in the world and its workings is trying. It's physically trying. Yeah. And so we, I think we need to, we need to do more tag team relay stuff. We need to take better care of ourselves. We need to, as you say, sort of calibrate to understand what the biggest threats are and what's just gross. Yeah. That is hard. I mean, I struggled with, and I heard this from people during the course of the campaign, people I know who were like, look, I don't love Trump, but we survived in the first Trump term and everyone, you know, everyone was hair on fire and saying it was gonna be the end of democracy.


And here we are, we survived. There were bad things that happened. You know, there were some bad things that happened January. These are people who are like, January 6th awful. He's a bad person. But like, how bad can it be? We survived the first time. Wow. I know. And I'm, it's, it's hard because I'm trying to like, I'm trying to figure out how to calibrate like, because I do think that this time, this time it's actually much more serious. And I'm like, and I think the threat is much more dangerous Yes. Than it was in the first, in the first term. And I'm, I'm trying, it doesn't seem like most, well clearly 'cause they voted for him, but it doesn't seem like most people in the country believe that. Yeah. I, I I think there is a bias toward thinking that the institutions that we have have are durable Mm.


And that they'll always exist and that no work had to happen to get them and they, they'll defend themselves. But just, just look at elections. You know, one of the things that Pam Bondi talked about after the Matt Gates attorney general nomination fell apart and Pam Bondi got in there. One of the things that is expected from the Justice Department under Bondy is that they're going to do some sort of examination of the 2020 election. Yeah. Because of this predicate lie that the election was somehow stolen from him. Now, I don't think that's just for Trump's ego, and I don't think that's because he's embarrassed that he hasn't ever provided any evidence that demonstrated that the 2020 election was stolen.


And he wants to show that evidence because he wants to be, you know, wants everybody to know he is not a liar. I don't think that's what's motivating that. Yeah. I think what's motivating that is an effort to try to make elections seem suspect dangerous wrong, and something that we shouldn't depend on in the future. And it's really, really, really important that we have a 2026 midterm. Yeah. It's also very important that we have a 2028 presidential election, but I don't think in 2025 you si you assign your Justice department to proclaim the falsity of a previous election because you're interested in holding normal elections going forward.


You do that in order to discredit elections as a system in this country so that we don't have them anymore. And maybe that sounds like hair on fire. You know, maybe that sounds like I'm, I'm being alarmist 'cause we did in fact just have an election, but I don't think we should assume that, that that threat is resolved. I really don't think it is. And I think if you watch what he is doing, you can see the, the real danger there. I mean, you can just tell yourself a story, put out a hypothetical about how this could work. Right. Which is we have the 2026 midterms and Democrats maybe take back the house. We get to 2028, let's say Democrat wins in 2028 and Donald Trump's still in the White House and he's leaving, or he is supposed to leave.


And he says, no, JD Vance actually won. This was fraud. And now he controls the whole government and he has lessons that he's learned from failing to, you know, stay in power forcefully in 2020. Right. And you know, when you say, oh, this could lead to the end of democracy, we'll be like, oh, you're, you're exaggerating. But like what I just laid out, couldn't we see that happening? Right. Do we see Donald Trump now that he already did that once? Do we see him just saying, oh no, JD Vance lost, he's a loser. That's fine. I'll let the next Democrat in. Right. And what else? Or maybe I'll stay or maybe maybe I'll stay until we settle this. Yeah. Prop, there was some fraud. Prop me up in the corner. I'll Be fine. There was some fraud. And I know the constitution says, but you know what? It's ins it's instability right now.


I'll leave eventually, but I'm just gonna stay for a little bit. It could happen like that. And, and there's other, I mean there's other factors at work here. I mean, what are the other constituent parts of democracy that we need to be worried about? One of them is the, the fourth estate. We need to, we need to worry about having an actually free press and not having state tv. Yeah. And the press is under incredible pressure from without, but also demonstrating all of the wrong instincts. I think broadly speaking, in terms of supplicating themselves to the new power in Washington. And that is something that is not a feta accompli, it's not done.


It's an iterative process. I think the public should react to that. I think that people should vote with their feet and people should support independent and, and free-spirited press that isn't cowed and that isn't afraid and that isn't intimidated. But that is something that we need to fight for too. And the public and public opinion and public behavior there really matters. It's not a done deal. All of this stuff is, nothing's inevitable. All of this stuff is live. Yeah. I mean, one of the wildcards here is, and this is something that's been surprising to me, you know, I think one of the sort of caustic and maybe slightly mean-spirited observations that was also true about the first Trump term is that while every president after a term looks about 25 years older than he did at the start of his term, that didn't really happen to Trump.


Yeah. Like at the end of his four years, he kind of looked the Same, Still looks the same. And maybe that happens when you only roll in in the middle of the afternoon. You know, that maybe that says something about his work ethic as president, but as he is now sworn in for his second term, he looks old and unfit. And frail. Yeah. And he is the oldest person ever to take the oath of office as president. And we've obviously just been through a version of this with President Biden and his age issue being so determinative and, and important in terms of what happened in the last electoral cycle. But Trump doesn't look good. Yeah. And you know, JD Vance is like 15 and you're ready to go. But that is gonna, that that those dynamics I think are gonna be a real wild card in terms of what happens between these two men, between what happens in terms of how together Trump is.


You don't, you don't get to age infinitely and poorly without it ultimately affecting the way that you behave and speak. His second inaugural address for whatever you can say about its content, was also delivered in a low slurring mumble, Real workmanlike, but Also kind of Well, he, he hates he hates giving speeches. Yeah. That like, that are written for him because he likes, he just wants to be a host and just do his thing. His, like, his real speech was the speech he gave after that was like a 33 minute speech to the Republicans where he just got to do his all of his stuff. He got To do all of his stuff, but it was also very poorly done. Yeah. Well, I mean that's, let's let's just say he doesn't care. He doesn't, he is, he's not, he's not an orator.


He is just trying to like, you know, he's just doing his show. He's a host. He's, he's never been like a, he's, you know, he's, he's not Churchill, right? No. There's, there's not, not that's never happened. But he's, he's also not himself. Yeah. He's also just not as good as he was even a couple of years ago, even at the start of the campaign. And to see him physically decline, if he's gonna fall apart mentally and or physically in this term, that's really going to be a wild moment within this crazy and humiliated, magnified trump republican supplicant party. Yeah. And yeah, I'm sure they'll Handle it well. Yeah. You, you were talking about the press and obviously, you know, Trump's suing everyone now.


Yeah. Poor Ann Seltzer and the Des Moines Register and, and, and a b, c settled. Are you afraid? Do you worry? Oh, I'm not afraid, but I do expect that there'll be, you know, that Elon Musk and all of the other, you know, who, who paid Rudy's settlement with the Yeah. Ruby Freeman and Chamas. I, I'm assuming that all of the, the money people who are doing Trump's bidding in order to get their own interests catered to by the US government, I'm assuming that they will all fund a gazillion defamation lawsuits that are designed to ruin not only individual critics in the press and individual reporters, but also hold news organizations.


I am hopeful that news organizations writ large will understand this as a threat to them all, and they will band together and make sure that there aren't, for example, meaningful attacks on the Sullivan decision that defends the freedom of the press in terms of liable and defamation protections. So I'm not afraid I am wi eyes wide open and expecting that the courts will be used to try to destroy the press. Yeah. But again, I think the public should have something to say about that when it happens. And I think that again, there should be some unity within the news business to recognize that we are all in this together. It's not that they're gonna, they're gonna protect their favorites.


Pod Save America is brought to by Magic Spoon. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular high protein cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars. Magic Spoons treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite on the Go Gym Snack Magic Spoon is also launching a brand new high protein granola true to the magic spoon promise. It's packed with protein and so crunchy and sweet, perfect for breakfast or snacking. I've been having this every morning to fuel my workouts. Magic spoons, high protein treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. They come in mouthwatering flavors like marshmallow chocolate, peanut butter, and dark chocolate. I love the chocolate peanut butter ones. There's also birthday cake treats that taste pretty good. Very good. They're not, they're not listed here, but I've had them. They're great. And magic spoons, brand new granola packs and 13 grams of protein and zero added sugars. They come in delicious flavors. Honey almond and peanut butter love the peanut butter. Great Granola. Get $5 off your next order at magic spoon.com/crooked. Or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/crooked for $5 off.


Have you experienced serious complications with a paraguard ID like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit i uud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


There's a larger challenge with media that I think about a lot, which is that most Americans aren't paying attention to anything we say and aren't following much news at all. Right? Right. And you know, Kamala Harris does really well among people who not don't just tune into MSNBC and Pod Save America, but just follow the news. Right. A ven in any, in any venue, In any right, in any venue. Trump did well with people who don't follow the news or who follow some news like on social media. Right. And those people care a lot more about cost of living safety of their communities than they do, you know, the threat Trump poses to democracy. Right. They feel like that's sort of esoteric. And it makes me wonder if we're all just like sitting here talking to ourselves and to an audience that's already been convinced.


And I wonder how we break out of that so that, you know, more Americans know what's going on. What do, what do you, what do you think, I mean, it sounds like you're, it sounds like you're worried that we are just talking to ourselves. I am. Yeah. I am. And I just, I think that, I mean, a lot of this is the way technology has changed the way that we talk and communicate and interact. And if this is all gonna be done on social media, I don't know how, I mean, it's one of the reasons I'm still hanging around on X because like I, you know, I don't Love it. Not a great platform was never a great platform. Now it's a really bad platform. Yeah. But you know, there's part of me that I'm like, oh, we're all gonna go to Blue Sky and then we're all just gonna talk to each other on Blue Sky, and then we're gonna talk to each other on Pod Save America, talk to each other on MSNBC.


And it's like, we all got it. I mean, maybe we're like, are we coming up with a plan altogether? Like how are we gonna get out outside that bubble? And I don't know. I don't know. But I think that like, that is maybe the central challenge that the Democratic party faces from a political perspective, but also the media faces, traditional media faces from a perspective of getting people to trust the information that they're getting and making sure that the information gets out there. Right. I also think that it's one thing to think about it from a sort of 30,000 foot like academic structural perspective. It's another thing to think about it in terms of like, what are you John going to do to do every day? Yeah. What are your, what are your skills?


What are you going to expend calories on today? Right. And you, you do what you can. I mean, I'm very happy that MSNBC is actually very highly performing on TikTok and on YouTube. Mm. We're among the most, sort of volume wise, we're among the most widely viewed news organizations on both of those platforms. That's good. During the transition, I did a series of segments on that were for YouTube only, that weren't for tv that were looking at the backgrounds of a number of the Trump nominees. Those got huge traffic on YouTube. I was really happy for that. I am at Blue Sky and at at mado dot MSNBC dot com, at Blue Sky and encourage you to be there because maybe right now it feels like Blue Sky is people who already listen to Pod Save America talking to each other about what they saw on MSNBC.


But if it gets bigger, it won't all be that. Yeah. Well, it Community is important too. Yeah. Building community is also important. And when you're in, when you're on an iterative social media platform, meaning you're, you're, it's a place where you don't just receive stuff. You, you, you interact with people and that's an important part of, of what you're doing there. I think it's important to not be in a place where the interaction is rigged to favor MAGA outcomes. Yeah. And that's explicitly happening at, at at Twitter. And I think that there's, I think there's a reason that everybody has jumped ship from Threads, which was a Twitter knockoff that terrible, seemed like it might be better, But now it's essentially going through the same process that Twitter went through because Mark Zuckerberg's politics have also followed Elon Musk's down that particular hole.


So if you're in an iterative environment where your interactions are going to be, are going to be gamed in order to favor Donald Trump and Elon Musk's desired outcomes. Like don't do that. Don't, don't provide, don't spend your one precious life providing free content to those gentlemen. Do You ever think about like, going into the Lion's Den, going on some of these other right-leaning shows, some of these other right-leaning podcasts, not necessarily like Go on Hannity and have a debate kind of thing, but like the Joe Rogans of the World, that's shorthand for all of those. Because I don't wanna get into another debate about Joe Rogan, but do you ever think about that?


Like that that's, that's one way to start. How do you think about persuading people? I mean, what I do is talk about the news. Yeah. Right. So I read all day and do reporting and fact checking and research and then try to observe what's happening in the world. Try to make some sense of it, try to present it truthfully and explain what's important about it and why it matters and what might happen next. And I, I'm doing that instead of one day a week on MSNBC. I'm now doing that five days a week on MSNBC. And I'll do that for the whole first a hundred days. I'm trying to do as much of that as I can on social media as well. Hmm. I'm trying to keep the pots that I've got boiling. Boiling in terms of my next podcast and my next book and the other, the there's a scripted TV show and three different movies and a documentary that I'm doing interviews for right now and trying to do all that stuff.


And I just feel like, you know what? I'm gonna wake up every day And do My thing lot. I'm gonna do my thing and I'm gonna do it in a way that I'm proud of, and that I hope is persuasive. Yeah. And I can't make people who don't wanna hear it from me wanna hear it from me. Yeah. But if you are persuaded to hear from me, I hope that I'm always speaking in a way that is fair and persuasive, and you can take it to the bank in terms of its factual spine. You're a a, I know you're not a democratic strategist, you're a commentator, but you, you are a close observer of democratic politics. Excellent caveat. That was very well done. Also, someone who is, you know, very studied in how pro-democracy movements and parties have succeeded in the past.


Yeah. When you look at the Democratic party right now, what do you think it has to change going forward in order to defeat or at least marginalize the anti-democratic faction in this country? And so it really isn't a question beyond just the Democratic Party, though that is, we have two parties and that's the, that's the party right now, that is the pro-democracy party. But what, what do you think needs to be, needs to be different? Well, I, I mean, I think that there's, there isn't much magic to it. You have to be excellent opposition. They, the Republican party under Trump has consolidated power in Washington, in all three branches of government. Undoubtedly, it's a very narrow margin in the house. It's not that huge a margin in the Senate, but they've got everything.


Therefore, when you're in opposition from that position, I think the obvious thing to do is to stick a wedge in every awkward division among the party that has consolidated power. I mean, the, there's, there's hugely incompatible forces at work within the MAGA universe, literally even between the president and vice president. Yeah. And so let's start there. The, the, The tech billionaires and the base of the party. Yeah. So, I mean, and yes. On H one B visas, right. Should we have immigration controlled by corporations for that purpose in the way that we have or not?


Yeah. On that stuff, but on everything. Yeah. I mean, they can't even decide what they're gonna do about salt, about the, you know, state and local taxes deduction. Yeah. They're, they're at like a, they're at a, a, a trillion dollar impasse within their party on that issue alone. Okay. Let's just, let's start there. Yeah. You do have the palpable self-loathing, humiliation and, and, and escape hunting fear of every Republican senator who was asked about the pardons of those violent felons. Yeah. You do have, I think, legit law and order minded Republicans in elected office, including some of whom, some of whom had to run for their lives on January 6th.


One of their number, an elected Republican in the House of Representatives, is offering guided tours of the scene of the crime of January 6th to some of the people who were there with baseball bats and two by fours beating police officers and, and threatening to kill members of Congress not that long ago. So that's a divide there. You Think about, you either think that's cool or you don't. Yeah. And, and that party, the, the, the ruling power in Washington, which is, that's it. I mean, they, they are in complete control. They own everything that happens. Yeah. I think that's a big deal. They've got those divides among themselves and just go with those hammer and tongs and make them figure out who they are. And I think that the American people's not gonna, are not gonna like it, but just, I, I don't, I don't think there's more magic to it than that right now.


Yeah. We've talked a lot about what we're doing. What's one habit or tip that you'd give to anyone for maintaining their sanity through these next four years? And you, we started off you saying that maybe, you know, hydrate better. Yeah. Take better care of yourself. Is there anything you do, I mean, you're working all the time. Yeah. So I can't imagine, What do you, what do you do? I gotta figure that out. I mean, I'm playing with my kids now, you know? Yeah. I'm, you know, I have two, I have a 4-year-old and a 1-year-old. So that's A full-time job itself. It is a full-time job. I'm, I'm better now about when I'm with them to, like, I put the phone in another room Yeah. And I'm like, I don't need to, I can't do the news all weekend long. Yeah. You know, so I'm trying to do that, but I don't know, I think that's, I mean, again, not magic, but that's real.


And, and you can tell day to day that has an effect on you. Yeah. Yeah. I, I believe in compartmentalization. Mm, absolutely. That's Cool. Just, Just do it. I mean, you and everybody has to calibrate it differently, right. If you're caring for an elderly parent and also caring for your kids and working full-time and trying to do something at school like that, you're already compartmentalizing. Yeah. In order to get to a meal once a day. I mean, so everybody has different levels and sort of different imperatives about how they need to do that. But I think as a principal, that's good. There are, there should be certain times of day when you are not doing things that you are otherwise doing in other parts of the day. Yeah. And so for me, that means, you know, starting looking at the news at a specific time and trying to stop looking at the news at a specific time.


It means spending time outdoors. I'm a person who likes being outdoors when it's cold. I ice fish is my, we is my winter recreation of choice. And so far it's been an excellent ice season. Yeah. And so I try to just make myself do that conveniently, there is no cell surface anywhere. There's also available ice fishing, at least where, where I live. That's Smart. That's smart. Which is really good. I mean, all, all that stuff matters to me. It, I, for me personally, it's important to read fiction. It's important to exercise, it's important to spend time outdoors and with animals and family and loved ones. So that's, It's just, that's great. That's good advice. Yeah. Take vitamins, drink a lot of water, drink less.


It's okay. You'll be all right. Rachel Maddow, thank you so much for joining Pod Save America. And we are so glad you're back. Me too. Five Nights a week. Me Too. I know you. I know you tried, you tried to escape. You just couldn't do it. I will escape again on April 30th, which makes it very Doable. I will. I'll believe you. I believe you. Thanks John. Take care. Appreciate It. That's our chauffeur today. But two things before we go. So the next four years are obviously gonna be a challenging, disorienting time to say the least. We just want you to know that Crooked will be here to help you distill what truly matters, to understand what's at stake, figure out what we can do to make a difference.


Best way to support what we do. If you're wondering, you can Subscribe to Friends of the Pod, you will gain access to ad-free episodes. Our very engaged, very wonderful Discord community and our exclusive shows. All of it will be supporting Crooked Media and our mission. Plus, you can also now listen to episodes of Pod Save America and Pod Save the World Ad Free. You don't have to listen to us drone on about ads. You can get 'em ad free when you Subscribe to Friends of the Pod through Apple Podcasts. If you're listening on Apple Podcasts, simply open the app and tap the subscribe button directly from the Pod Save America or Pod Save the World Feed, and you'll start your seven day free trial.


Think of it as the easiest political decision you'll make all year. No debates, no filibusters, no crazy Trump shit. Just subscribe into some sweet, sweet content.


Also, please make sure you're supporting Votes Save America over the next couple months. Votes Save America will be creating opportunities for you to recharge fine community and also take steps to protect the people who are most at risk from a second Trump term. And then as the elections come both in 2025 and the midterms and beyond, there will be a ton of opportunities for you to be active and help out and see what we can all do together to stop Trump and his agenda. So go to Vote save america.com and sign up for their email list to learn more. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more@votesaveamerica.com. And this ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


Thank you to Rachel Maddow for coming on and Tommy Lovett and I will be back in the feed on Tuesday. Talk to you then. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free, or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin.


Our associate producer is Farris Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Herring is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv, and David Toles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Hi, I am Roman Mars, host of the podcast, 99% Invisible Design is everywhere in our lives, but it's easy to not notice or take it for granted. 99% invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture. It's stories of who we are through the lens of the things we build. Like have you ever wondered why we use the one kilohertz bleep sound to cover up inappropriate words on radio and tv? Or what aspects of infrastructure allow five-year-olds in Japan to run errands by themselves while kids in the US are completely dependent on their parents or their parents' cars? Or why the historic flag of South Vietnam shows up at right wing protests all the time, or why people are obsessed with houseplants? And when did we start bringing plants from halfway around the world into our homes to begin with? 99% invisible. We'll explore all of that and more every Tuesday. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD, like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.