
Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply Safe Home Security with mischief night upon us. What's that? Halloween? I guess it's crucial to be extra vigilant about home security. Simply safe's active guard outdoor protection stands guard against potential pranks that could escalate into real threats. This advanced system not only monitors your property, but empowers live agents to intervene, to prevent any mischief from becoming a crime, ensuring your home stays safe and secure. I guess that's a Halloween preview. Jon Lovett installed a SimpliSafe all by himself. Yeah, no pumpkin smashed on that lawn. Nope, not at all. As far as we know and he loves it, old school home security systems only take action once someone's already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard outdoor protection. It's the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome, To Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor On today's show with one week to go One week. Big, big, deep breath. Don't like that in out Our two candidates for president could not be closing more differently. Kamala Harris held rallies with Michelle Obama and Beyonce that hit on themes of reproductive freedom and bringing the country together while Donald Trump just headlined a five hour rally at New York City's Madison Square Garden that was filled with more hate and open racism than we've heard at a political event. I think in decades. I, I cannot remember even a Trump event. I cannot remember anything quite like this. We'll get into all that. And then later, former speaker Nancy Pelosi talks with Alyssa Master Monaco about what it's like to be one of Trump's enemies within what's keeping her up at night and what she's expecting on election day.


But first, so I'll be honest, when when people were comparing Trump's plans to hold a rally at Madison Square Garden to the pro-Nazi rally that was held there in 1939, I thought it was a bit much. Plenty of other presidential candidates from both parties have held rallies at the garden over the years that no one would confuse for being pro-Nazi. But regardless of what words you might use to describe Trump's rally, you can decide for yourself whether JD Vance was right in later calling it a quote celebration of America. Let's listen. And these Latinos, they love making babies too. Just know that They do. They do. There's no pulling out.


They don't do that. They come inside just like they did to our country. There's a lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. Alright. Heck yeah. It's cool. Black guy with a thing on his head. What the hell is that? A lampshade. Look at this guy. Oh my goodness. Wow. I'm just kidding. That's one of my buddies. He had a Halloween party last night. We had fun. We carved watermelons together. It was awesome. As the first Samoan Malaysian low iq, former California prosecutor ever to be elected president. It was just a groundswell of popular support.


She is the devil. Whoever screamed that out, she is the antichrist. She is some sick bachelor. That Hillary Clinton. Huh? What a sick son of a bitch. The whole fucking party. A bunch of degenerates, low lives, J haters and low lives. Every one of them. We need to slaughter this other people. America is for Americans and Americans only. When I say the enemy from within the other side goes crazy, becomes the sound. But oh, how can he say no? They've done very bad things to this country. They are indeed the enemy from within and, but this is who we're fighting A day of love.


Another day of love. General impressions, guys. You think that got some undecided voters off the fence? What do you think? I mean, weirdly, Trump's actual speech was basically just a stump speech to a bigger than usual crowd. If it had just been him, I think it would've kind of been a, a nothing burger. But they decided to turn it into basically another day. The RNC and it Intermi, RNC was much nicer. Well Just this like long endless, you know, group of speakers. And some of them were effective and some of them were boring and some of them crossed the line in ways that I don't think we've ever heard at a Trump rally, at least not recently. And by the way, just to your point, that it was like an RNC, these were not people just going up there and speaking off the cup.


These were, it Was an open mic night. Yeah, Speech it, these were invented speeches. In fact, tele was reporting that these were, that that the, that the Puerto Rico comment was in a speech that was put through a teleprompter and then they took out some of the other material for being offensive. There Was a, there was a line in his original speech that called Kamala Harris, the C word. And the campaign took that line out. But then they sent the rest of that speech right to the prompters. Although the campaign is saying he ad-libbed the Puerto Rico joke. The general impression of the whole thing is a reminder that for a lot of like the core base, like Trump is a personality hire for bigots. You know, he's just like, he's their avatar. And when these people have a few hours to, I, I don't know, drink, be bored.


This is what comes out. But pretty, pretty ugly and like I, I have to imagine fundamentally unhelpful. Yeah, I will say too, you're right, it was just Trump's rally speech. It was Trump's typical stump speech but like doubling down on the enemy from within, which is why I wanted to play that part of it. And you know, he did the, we're an occupied country liberation. It's like, I guess we're numb to it because he's said it so many times now. Yeah. We're very Much numb to it, But on its own is incredibly dark to a way to close the campaign. Yeah. Like when you really, I was listening to this 'cause I listened to his whole speech 'cause I was wondering if he would do anything different, you know, and he's really like even in 2016, even in 20 20 20, he was like going down a rabbit hole of talking about like the FBI and Peter struck and things.


You had to like have a, a degree in MAGA online maga to know what he is talking about. 2016. He is still talking about the Washington establishment. We're gonna fight them. He basically, when everyone's like, oh, what are Kamala Harris's plans? Donald Trump is only offering in his speeches now, like deporting even legal immigrants I guess drilling tariffs. Tariffs. Yeah. And enemies list. And I'm gonna prosecute people. That's it. That's all he's doing now. And then it then the rest is just like an hour of grievance. Tax Cuts, some tax cuts for tax cuts for, for, for corporations. Yeah. I mean you could tell what the campaign wanted was at the very beginning, which is are you better off than you were four years ago? Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Right? You could tell that's what they wanted on the evening news. But then he ends up doing these crazy rifts about how there's a couple hundred thousand kids who are missing in the US or dead or they're sex slaves.


And they came in because of Kamala's open border. They played like this, like snuff footage, news clip, real, you know, a couple different times they played all this like really disgusting, you know, sort of descriptions of, of crimes by undocumented people. I mean it is, it is gotten so, so dark and we are very much used to it. But you know, that darkness in his speech is not what led the headlines. It was these people who came before him. I also, there's been so much focus, we're gonna talk about it more on, on Tony Hinchcliffe, that comedian that did the Puerto Rico joke. But the reason I wanted to play all those other voices is the Trump campaign. Their response now is like, oh it's a joke.


It was one joke, blah, blah blah. Like, no, no, no, no, America is only for Americans. That's Stephen. That was from Stephen Miller. Steven Miller, his top policy advisor, potentially the next White House chief of staff. The things they said about Hillary Clinton, about Kamala Harris, I mean, it was not, it was not just one joke about Puerto Rico. There's Rudy Giuliani getting up there. Oh my gosh. Saying calling all Palestinians Palestinians. Yeah. Do you guys think that the Trump campaign was happy with how that went? They can't be. I mean your, when your main headline is about whether the warmup act literally first speaker at the rally has hurt your standing with all Latino voters like that is not a good headline. And again, it wasn't just a OC weighing in, it wasn't Democrats. They can't just say this was cancel culture.


The campaign had to walk back from this joke. A bunch of Florida elected officials put out statements. Trump's trade advisor Peter Navarro, who's like a real maga dead ender called Tony Hinchcliffe, the biggest stupidest asshole that ever came down the Comedy Pike. That's a Trump advisor saying that. So this is a real mess. And you can't just blame the comedian. Like his show kill Tony is a roast comedy show. A lot of the jokes there are like them saying whatever is kind of the most offensive, shocking thing. And often it's very, very racist. And you can Lovett you can hate it, you can listen to that. But, but booking that guy to do that set at a political rally is unbelievably stupid. It is political malpractice.


And it's, of course this was gonna happen because like you can get away with saying things at a comedy club. You can't ever, ever say at a political rally they are morons for letting him or There or the other guy who said, Hillary Clinton's a son of a bitch. Or the guy that said that we should slaughter the Democrats. Or I mean like there's just, it's on and on and on past just the comedians. Why would you, All these people, And also just that like in the same way that like, I think they were caught off guard by the revulsion to JD Vance because they don't realize how offensive some of the things he has said are in the past. Like they don't realize how strange and extreme and bigoted they've gotten. I think that's another case, right? They have this guy, a lot of the remarks are, are are vetted, right? This is what they want people to get up there and say. And they, I think of course they're now backtracking because the backlash was so severe, but like they wanted this to be a bigoted rabble rousing event.


They are enjoying the comparison. Tucker Carlson saying that Kamala Harris is Samoan or Malaysian or whatever when he fucking knows better. It, interestingly, I mean pretty usual. Tucker Carlson kind of played narrator at this thing where he talked about how he had been given from Trump the gift of freedom and liberation by being able to say what he really thinks now. Right? And then you just saw it throughout all these speakers. And the biggest problem with the part, the, the, the kill Tony jokes, the Tony Siff jokes were racist and awful. They also were not even funny. They weren't jokes no Like that. It just Like shitty observations and you can get away with a lot of things if you're funny. But also buddy, this wasn't a comedy set, it was also an endorsement speech.


He ended by saying like, God voted three months ago. We voted in a week. I mean that's because he said Trump survived the assassination attempt. It's not a, it's not a fucking comedy show and a comedian just doing a bit and free speech and cancel culture when the candidate's top policy advisor gets up there a week before the election and says, America's for Americans and Americans only. And then the speakers at the rally start saying or making jokes about Puerto Ricans, black Americans, a number of other people. and it just, it's, it's what they want, right? Like it's, it is their worldview, right? And they wanted to get that across. Yes. I also like, and Tucker Carlson, we, we'll talk about more of this later, but like Tucker Carlson basically saying like, if they tell you Kamala Harris won it's illegitimate is inconceivable that she won't because of our racist views on her, which teach us, which tell us that anyone who says she's compelling or successful as a politician is, is lying to you.


And I'm not gonna lie anymore, I'm gonna be honest about my racism. Look, it was a night of disgusting, racist, anti-democratic anti-American speeches. But this idea that like a guy makes a, a fucking terrible joke like this, which is not just racist, but as Tommy said, a bad joke and then people are criticizing it. It's like, oh, you guys can't take a fucking joke. I hate it. I hate it so much. I fucking hate that. Like this guy, this guy posted a, a video of Don Rickles at Ronald Reagan's second inaugural saying nobody had a problem with Don Rickles speaking at Ronald Reagan's second inaugural. First of all, it wasn't a political event, it was a nonpartisan event. Also Don Rickles turning over in his fucking grave and the number of like hacky fucking terrible comedians who say Don Rickles was an equal opportunity offender.


He's like, it's very frustrating. It's also like, Hey man, like you can joke about whatever you wanna joke about. It has to be fucking funny. And like Junick has talked about this, a bunch of other comedians talked about it. Seinfeld by the way went out there and said like, you can't make any jokes anymore. The PC culture's coming after it. And he actually thought about it and he came back later. He said, you know what? I thought about it. That was a stupid thing to say. I don't believe that. Why? Because culture change and politics change and you have to hit the goalposts. Like the goalposts may move what's funny, maybe harder, maybe more difficult. And you have to fucking hit it. And like the idea that these terrible fucking comedians make the dumbest, worst jokes and then everybody's to defend them 'cause of their free speech is like very frustrating. Like if, if the joke was funny, it wouldn't be in this. I know. I just, I get like It's not the most important point.


No, I know all I know, I know you know that. But it's what they want this to be another debate about of course comedy and cancel culture and what's acceptable. And it's like, that is not what this is about. Not You. Of course it's Not. And you weren't canceled, man. You were speaking at Madison Square Garden in front of 28,000 people sucking up to the former and maybe future president in the United States. You were kissing his ass, you were kissing the ring. You're joke sucked everyone let you know, get over it. You're not a fucking victim. I think it's also bad for like, however, whatever effect this may or may not have on actual voters. I do think there are, they're now seven days left at the time there were what, eight days left. So they lose Monday now because Monday was all about Madison Square Garden and the fact that they added like a hateful racist rally Tuesday now is gonna be Kamala Harris' closing argument speech.


So they lose, she gets the spotlight for Tuesday. So the they're just losing days. Yeah. And we keep talking 'cause we're on the Kamala Harris side about like, she needs to close the deal, she needs to do this. The race is pretty much tied like Trump needs to close the deal too with voters. And he just lost, he's just lost a day doing that. At the very least. If if not, if not worse, if if, if not like getting people off the fence to say like, that's fucking crazy. You know? Yeah. I mean I think we just don't know the full effect of this kind of a rally in the closing days and what it looks like for people to be hearing about it and like, 'cause I do think that there's a bunch of people that are in this home stretch gonna be reaching out to like friends and loved ones to be like, Hey, I know you've seen a lot of things.


I know you were saying like this, like here's why I think this is important and like this is, this is a very good time for Trump to do some be part of something so awful. and It doesn't seem like a coincidence that yesterday bad Bunny Ricky Martin and J Lo all endorsed Kamala Harris. Well it was a coincidence that earlier in the day before this even happened, she released her economic plan for Puerto Rico. Yeah. In Philadelphia. Yeah. That was just like, what, what timing? Amazing timing. There are 470,000 Puerto Rican Americans in Pennsylvania. It's the biggest population of Puerto Rican Americans of any swing state. Certainly larger than Biden's 80,000 vote margin a victory in 2020. This is probably one reason, as Tommy mentioned, that a lot of Republican politicians sort of like fell all over themselves to condemn this. Rick Scott Florida's got a, I think a million Puerto Rican Americans and we wanted to find out whether this might actually have an electoral effect next week.


So we checked in with our pal Carlos Oio, democratic strategist, who's an expert on the Latino vote. Here's what he said. We're used to Trump and his allies saying wildly offensive things. But those things don't always make it to the kind of low information voters who are going to decide where this ends up at the end of the day. And so I wanna do manage expectations that this is not providing new information. But if there is an exception, I would say it is the Puerto Rican piece specifically because of the way that those comments, those incredibly unfunny comments were so incendiary. They were almost designed to be amplified at scale.


I'm surprised WhatsApp didn't go down in, in Puerto Rico and in Central Florida and in Allentown and Reding Pennsylvania. And they were instantly amplified by major players who had been on the sidelines of this election. So you had Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin weighing in four Harris. Normally you would say in the era of Trump, these things go down a a rabbit hole. And yet this particular moment, and in the way it was timed felt like it could be an exception. So the Harris campaign also has a, a new ad out today. I can't tell if it's a a video ad or how much money's behind it or whatever, but they, they made an ad about this.


Nate Silver also did a little research and he says there's some initial evidence that the rally is drawing broader attention today and yesterday are the top days of Google search traffic for Trump since the second assassination attempt against him in September. If the chart was interesting, it's like this pretty straight lines. The first assassination attack is like off the charts conviction's pretty small. That's a bump though. Second assassination is like the conviction little bump. And then now this is getting up towards that level, which I think is pretty telling. Yeah, I talked to A OC, which we'll hear on Wednesday, and it was before the rally, but we talked about Puerto Rico and I do think there's something about that the, just the referring to Puerto Rico as garbage and it reflecting the kind of the bigotry of that rally, like the sense that Puerto Rico was forgotten and disrespected after Maria, and that this is a place that has been ignored by politicians that Trump corruption contributed to the terrible response in Puerto Rico.


I do think like all of this is like part of the ground on which this comment definitely will grow. And so yeah, it's also A period of time when people who don't ever think about politics are thinking about it for maybe the first time in four years. Right? Because they're deciding whether to vote and this can't be helpful. No. And again, like, and that's with, we've been talking about the Puerto Rican American community, but if, you know, Google trends and Google searches on of Trump are like going, like if anyone who gets any part of that rally Yeah, there's not, there's there's almost no good parts for that rally. Yeah. I mean, I mean voters all across The country. Oh No, I know. Not thinking about politics at all. Like that's tough. Yeah. And if you see the head and look, look the, the headlines, you know, a lot of critique about headlines over the last several years.


They all New York Times, Politico, Washington Post, they all had, you know, racist incendiary rally in the remarks. Like, I think this is one that, that broke through again. 'cause it's the fucking final week of the campaign. Not the most important point, but a group of people that I'm sure yell when they have to press one for English. Hillary Clinton would not be a son of a bitch. She would just be a bitch that Bothered you. I know. It's like you, you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna claim you, you're bothered by people speaking Spanish. You don't speak fucking English. That is very true. You got him. Trump also point well taken. Trump also sat down with Joe Rogan on Friday. I know that's a few days ago now, but in fairness, that's a, that's how long it takes to listen to Joe Rogan's podcast.


Almost literally The interview clocked in at about three hours and as of Monday afternoon though, has nearly 35 million views on YouTube alone. Wow. Did you guys have, how far did you two make it? I am an hour and a half in and I'm just like, I can't do it anymore. Made it to the whole, made it through the whole thing at two point, same two, mostly two speed. I gotta Two speed. I got up to 3.5. The, the Spotify, it was about politics. Do What do you get at 3.5? He talks slow enough that you get more than you think. I'll tell you something. When you played the clip of the rally, I'm so used to, I don't, I try to avoid watching Trump live Me too. So that I can watch him faster. So there's less time spent on Trump. And so I, I listened to him at, at two, I was like, wow, he's pretty energetic.


And then when I, like, I think I moved from my car to back to my phone and then he was back at one XI was like, Jesus Christ. Yeah, this is terrible. What'd you guys think? I'll tell you what I thought. Which is first. So if you saw somebody on social media telling you that it's the worst interview Trump ever did, that it was embarrassing that Joe Rogan was horrified and thought Trump was embarrassing, you should just keep in mind that those are people you should not listen to because it was fake news. It was fake fucking news. Do I think it's like a groundbreaking interview? Of course not. He rambles and he gives all, basically all of his same answers, but as a forum for Trump. It, it was also like, I think the, the best kind of interview he could hope to get.


Joe Rogan was incredibly solicitous, kind of keying him up with ways to take on some of the arguments from the left there. It was a, it was a love fest for Trump. Do I think that necessarily matters? I have no fucking idea. But it was not, it was a good interview for him. Yeah. I'm not like a fan of Rogan's and a regular listener. I'm not a hater because I've like dipped at times and heard celebrity interviews and things that were interesting and you know, obviously he's very successful. So i i going into it, I had like a little bit of hope that because he'd been critical of Trump and 'cause he was an RFK guy, maybe he would push him on some things during the three hours. Maybe he'd do a little research to prep himself. But like I was couldn't have been more disappointed.


Yeah, it was entirely friendly. Rogan took everything at face value from, from, you know, Trump saying, he said some secret thing to Putin to prevent him from invading Ukraine to Trump bragging about being able to run on a treadmill all day, even at the highest elevation. Like everything was taken to face value Rogan. He, he kicked off the questioning about the 2020 election denial by basically saying, you know, everyone does this. Hillary questioned 2016, yada yada yada. But never really, like, he came back to it, but he didn't get past It. There was one point where he said, are you ever gonna show us the evidence? Yes, that was a good moment, I suppose. But yeah, like it was a, it was, I feel like it was an example to me of like, I see a, a bunch of people are like canceling their Washington Post subscriptions because they're mad that Jeff Bezos's Washington Post is not endorsing.


and it just, I think is that a, is that a helpful thing to, to punish the journalist of the Washington Post? I do not think so. But where does that impulse come from? And I think part of where it comes from is this kind of like endless feeling of like dispiriting exhaustion that like there's a fundamentally fraudulent case Donald Trump is offering. It's just a fundamentally flawed and fraudulent case. And this was just a forum for him to lay out that case. But if it's not questioned, if it's not challenged, if it's entirely solicitous, you see why if you're not paying that close of attention or if you're receptive, receptive to in the first place, why Donald Trump is so appealing. Because in that forum it's all, it's a ton of lies and bullshit and self-aggrandizing made up stories. But it's compelling, I thought. And he's charming in it. I thought it was not compelling.


He was not good. He's meandering. He was mean. And not even because of the, like all the frames about Trump, it's not the, the bigotry and lies from the rally. It wasn't that, it's not the he's adult and losing it kind of shit. He's just so, he's a, he's a bad conversationalist because all he cares about you don't get The weave dude, Get the all he, all he cares about is himself and his fucking stories. And he's one of those people, like you could tell, and I was watching some of it too, you could tell Rogan too, like Rogan was extremely solicitous and very nice to him. But you could tell at times Rogan's looking at him like, okay, what, what next? Like he just, the stories, he, and first of all, all of the stories. I mean, if we've been listening to Trump for way too long, all the stories we heard before a thousand times again, we now we analyze Kamala Harris's speeches now and her interviews and be like, oh, did she talk about people though?


Is she talking about what's she gonna do for people? Donald Trump was like, at one point at the beginning he was bitching about how hard it is to build things in New York 'cause of all the environmental regulations and the permits and the unions. And he's yelling and he is, and it's like, he's like talking about something from 10, 15 years ago then he's talking about burying windmills and blades and it just, it is all like, it is, it's self, self-aggrandizing. I just, I cannot imagine that unless you were a Trump fan, if you could sit through that whole thing, you'd be like, yeah, this guy, I think this guy could be in charge. This guy, this guy was looking out for me. Eh, that's not where I Landed is, that's not where I landed either. I I just like the, I think that like the way he was talking about, like, he talks about, I, again, it's all just bullshit.


What did you think was appealing? I, I, first of all, he, they had very, they had like kind of a, they had charming interactions about about UFC and about fighters. I think Trump knows his stuff when it comes to the UFC and boxing and they connected on that and the audience really likes that. And, And then I can see that the stuff about building, like it's, he, it's all pretend, right? But he's kind of trying to display for that audience a kind of like, I know about building, like there was a conversation about staffing up and how you have to use politicians. 'cause if you use business people that haven't been vetted before, he just, to me it was like the, of course, yes, he's rambling and the stories go on forever and, and occasionally Rogan didn't know exactly what he was talking about, but inside of that was like a section where he talked about how moved he was to be at the White House when he became president.


There was a section where he talked about the economy and, and, and taxes. Now it's ultimately a bullshit case, but I felt like it conveyed the kind of like Donald Trump as businessman, this sort of affable outsider that it like is what he's been trying to convey. I dunno if it gets him anything. I do think they connected on some level. I definitely think he ramble, rambled that audience might be gone. I think Rogan is looking for conspiracies in every corner. Mm. And I think Trump served them up. Oh yeah. Frequently the thing that just, he was just so frustratingly uninformed. Again, I know Joe Rogan isn't, you know, meet the press, but like he referred to Kamala Harris being in her late forties. He was talking about the bipartisan immigration bill that Trump killed.


And he literally said to Trump what was in that bill. It's like, buddy, you could have, you could have Googled that. He, like, there was, this is my hobby horse, but there's no like pushback or context about the Afghanistan withdrawal and the fact that Trump negotiated the withdrawal withdrawal timeframe. Rogan's a big RFK guy. He's talking about healthy foods. There's no thinking or acknowledgement that Republicans are the ones who like wanna get rid of the EPA to allow all these chemicals into our atmosphere and make our foods less healthy. So just, it made me insane. And remind me to tell you, I watched it after the show clip. Oh God. The Rogan criticized one part about Trump and I'll, I'll tell you what that was after we're done with this. The, but like stepping back from it, what I was thinking when I was watching the interview is to that interview that his two advisors gave to Semaphore about what their strategy is.


And I do think if you watched all three hours of that interview, you come away a little bit inoculated against the idea that Donald Trump is some like fascist menace. I just think you do because the section about 20, about the the vote in 2020 was so favorable to Trump. There's nothing about the insurrection. He just, I think, comes across in this non-threatening way in that forum. And I do think it's like worth keeping that in mind when we talk, when we get talking about the argument around fascism and all the rest that like, this is a version of Trump that, you know, a lot of people are seeing. And it's, it's, I think it's, I I just don't want to dismiss it.


Yeah, I wouldn't dismiss it at all. I'm just saying, and I think that on some of these podcasts that he's done, it is a good forum for him. Yeah. And he sounded better I think on this one. He has. He, he's just, he was very rare. Like to me it's, it's, you're right. If people are worried about the fascism thing, it that's gonna help that. But like at this stage a week out, if you're undecided, first of all, if you're undecided a week out, I don't know that you're listening to three hours of Joe Rogan because you're probably a low information voter, low propensity voter. So that that's, you know, uncertain. And at this point you want to be, again, we're gonna say this about Kamala Harris. We've been saying it for a month. You wanna know like, what, what is this person gonna do for me? Right. And I don't think that he did that at all, you know? Yeah.


I think just, I think that Rogan was a bit of a Trump skeptic and this interview all but stamped his approval on him by the end. And I don't know how many people that moves or if it matters, but on the margins it could, especially given the 35 billion number you cited on YouTube. Yeah. I had the same disappointment that you did. I was like, oh, I, I just, I, I like also bought into some of what I'd seen online before I went into it and I was like, oh, maybe Rogan's gonna push back here and there, but it just wasn't there. No. So Harris campaign said that they were interested in going on, but it didn't work out. What do you guys think about that? I it's a huge show. I think writing off any audience generally is a mistake in politics. I'd love to see Obama go on, or like Colin Allred or somebody who might, you know, kind of jive with him, you know, in terms of just love of sports.


But I think in a normal length campaign, it would be a mistake to skip it. Doing it now a few weeks left, gotta go to Texas, you gotta spend three hours. Like, I, I don't know that Harris should, should have done it. I think it's would probably have been a bad use of time. Yeah. I Think it would've been a bad interview. Yeah. I just think, I think like he, for all the reasons that you guys cited and Haven listened to half of it, he's, he clearly loves Trump. He didn't, you know, endorse Trump up to this. But he's, he's, he's got his facts wrong on a whole bunch of things. He is not pushing back. He's got Trump's worldview. He's got RFK junior's worldview probably more than Trump. Kamala Harris does not. And so she would have to spend, I Don know how many hours going back and forth with him over like basic facts that he would, you know, like I just, it w it He Claims he wasn't gonna push her on that.


He claims he just wanted to have like a who are you, what's your deal conversation? But yeah, sure. I mean he has a, he's clearly got the kind of a grieved, you know, cancel culture whiner worldview. And I think with Brett Bayer on Fox, you know that it is a set amount of time for the interview to fight that you're gonna push back that you're gonna do this. You can't do that for two hours and three hours. I also, like, I I take to heart what Binder told Dan, which is that, you know, there's all this sort of discourse around this, the unique set of issues that appeal to young men that we're trying to reach, but actually they care about the same set of issues as every, as everybody else to, to a large extent. And so to me it'd be less about like, should she do this one interview? I do think this larger constellation of kind of less political podcast and, and YouTube shows that are aimed at men.


Like, I I, I would like to see us engaging with them more in like the Theo Vs of the world and all the rest. But beyond that, it's like, well she is going to a lot of places where, where you reach young men, she's on Charlemagne, she's doing all kinds of things. So like they do have a strategy around this. Does Rogan necessarily fit into that? Maybe, maybe not, but it's just one show. Yeah, I Am, look, I've always been on this in this train, but like, do not go on a show 'cause you're platforming whatever. I'm just, I've been long done with Oh yeah, I don't care. So it's a big show with a big audience. You go on. I yeah, if you're in politics, right, like that's, you're, you're you're trying to reach people, you go do it. Yeah. You know, unless, unless you think it's not gonna serve you politically because the substance of the interview itself is not gonna make up for the reach that you get Rigged against you. Yeah. So I, I caught this quick clip of Rogan talking with some of his buddies after he'd recorded it and they were, and the guys were like, what'd you talk about?


And one of them said, did you ask him why he was so pro-vaccine? And Rogan's like, ah, kind of. I mean, the only time I was sort of frustrated in the interview was Trump started talking about the polio vaccine eradicating the disease. And I wanted to show him the chart of how that actually isn't true. And it's like, but he said, I decided not to get into it 'cause I didn't wanna go down a long path about vaccines. And it's like, okay, wait. So the one time you were disappointed in this interview, Joe Rogan was when Donald Trump said the polio vaccine eradicated Polio. Now imagine interviewing Kamala Harris and, and, and him bringing up that point. Like, what do you even do? I Don't know. Yeah, that's What I saying. You're just like shocked. Yeah. Like, so now we're gonna have Kamala Harris Prep. I mean I I have changed my mind on this because at first I was like, well I think it might be good for her to go on.


But having listened to him to Trump and even that, it's like you're gonna have to prep Kamala Harris now for a day where you, instead of prepping her with just all the things you'd prep her for, for normal interviews, you'd be like, oh, by the way, on vaccines, you've gotta know your shit on polio and this study and that. I mean, it's come on Six months ago. Yes. Now, right. Exactly. Yeah.


Po Save America is brought to you by Tommy John for a guy that says he wants the best of everything. Your underwear leaves a lot to be desired. Talking to you Tommy. Thank you. Don't skip on your base layer upgrade to Tommy John's second skin underwear and feel true luxury. When you wear Tommy John, you're much more comfortable so you can do everything better. Tommy John's stylish and soft. Second skin underwear has dozens of comfort innovations like a supportive contour pouch and breathable lightweight moisture wicking fabric with four times the stretch of competing brands with over 20 million pairs sold and thousands of five star reviews. Guys everywhere love their Tommy John's. Plus your most valuable assets are always covered with Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear. Or it's free guarantee. We've been buying Tommy John's stuff for years now. Great Underwear, great t-shirts. Look, they're right that eventually all underwear's gotta go, gotta You gotta part with it and You're really better off kind of cleaning house all at once. You'll feel refreshed and then you know when to do it again. Get 20% off your first order right now at tommy john.com/crooked. Save 20% on second skin at tommy john.com/crooked. Tommy john.com/crooked sea site for details.


Po Save America is brought to you by PolicyGenius. Talk about one of your favorite family holiday traditions. I like to eat so many appetizers that you're not at all hungry for the enormous dinner that comes after me too. That's a good tradition. I also like getting life insurance. Yeah. Oh, is that, look, the heart of holiday traditions is family. But what happens when you're gone protect your family's future and your peace of mind with policy genius, faulty Genius, Unbelievable. What are We doing these, these are the hardest turns of any ad. It's Like we went from singing carols by the fire and eating appetizers anyway. They're right. More food for the Rest of us. Yeah. Policy genius makes finding and buying life insurance simple. So your loved ones have a financial safety net they can use to cover debts and routine expenses, or even invest that money to earn interest over time. Oh yeah. Mama's putting my insurance money in the s and p Happy holidays with, With Policy Genius. You can find life insurance policies that started just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. You can compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with no hidden fees. Life insurance is a forum of financial planning. True and PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. Secure your family's tomorrow so you have a peace of mind today. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you can save. That's policygenius.com.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


So everything we see shows the race is still a tossup, but the Trump campaign and Mara World are as confident and cocky as I think I've ever heard them. Even more so than in 16 or 20 after campaigning in places like New York, California, Colorado. Trump is also making stops in New Mexico and Virginia this week. Two states republicans haven't won in decades. Two decades. And here's a puzzling comment Trump made to speaker Mike Johnson during the MSG rally on Sunday. And I think with our little secret, we're gonna do really well with the house, right? Our little secret is having a big impact. He and I have a secret, we'll tell you what it is when the race is over. So Johnson got asked on Monday what the secret might be and he said by definition, a secret is not to be shared and I don't intend to share this one.


Do you think You fucking, what the fuck? Kind of like, I'm sorry, Dictionary.com over There. Unbelievable. Do you think that Trump made Johnson his accountability partner on that app? That's right. And he uses to monitor his kids' porn intake. It has to be, Trump is fucking like, if, if he should be just a, an aging drag queen. 'cause that's, that's like the energy of these comments just a kind of like, it's a, it's a sunset boulevard. Like me and Mike Johnson. We have a little secret, don't we Mikey? We have a secret. Don't tell anybody what we talked about anyway. Immigrants, Maybe they have a secret plan to actually hang Mike Pence. Yeah. Finish the job.


So just to have a conversation about this, some people are, are wondering if this has to do with some plan between Johnson and Trump so that if like, you know, if Harris wins and Johnson's still speaker of the house, that he will not certify the election or he'll engage in some shenanigans and then he'll try to throw the election to the house, in which case if the house votes then Trump wins. I don't know. I don't what, what do you guys think? I did Not quite get that it's possible, but just the verb tenses that Trump used. It makes me, it made me it, I took it as they've got a secret about how to win the house. Not that, but I don't know.


I I didn't know either and I don't ever wanna find out. Yeah, so everybody do everything you can to win the fucking house. Yeah. Like if we win the house on January 3rd, Mike Johnson and Donald Trump could have whatever fucking bedroom secrets they want to have. and it won't matter. It could really matter if Mike Johnson is still the speaker. So I really like the fact that like there was this, this, this was a line that came at the end of hours of menace, of Tucker Carlson basically denying any kind of Kamala win could be legitimate. and it felt menacing when you hear it. I re like, the feeling I had when I heard him say it was like, oh, that's a menacing fucking comment. Maybe it's innocuous. It's their secret fucking game plan to win the house. I don't know. I don't wanna find out. I want people to be clear about that too because yeah, I, I saw some people saying, oh, well even if, if Harris wins, even if Democrats win the house, Johnson will still be speaker during January.


He won't be, he won't be, he won't be. The new Congress will be seated for January 6th will be wild. This is the new hopefully Less wild. Hopefully Less wild. But it'll be so if, if Hakim Jeffries is speaker and then also even if, you know, whoever they have is if the Republicans win the Senate and whoever the leader is there, there's still not they we got it. If that happens, we got it. At least, at least in the Congress part. There's no shenanigans in Congress at that point, right? Because we would control the house. But to the point you made about Tucker, right? Because Tucker's doing this, how could she possibly win 86 million votes or whatever. And this is, if you look on social media right now, every fucking Blue checks MAGA account, they are, we talk about like don't read too much into the early vote.


They think the early vote is like just crush. They're crushing Democrats right now. They're like, Trump is gonna win all seven states. And like they, they have made, I don't know whether they actually believe this or whether they're just like, you know, spewing bullshit to, but like if Trump loses it is, they are talk about stop the steal. Like they are very primed to say that there's absolutely no way possible that Kamala Harris could have won this Election. Yeah. Whether they're being cynical or naive, I think one of the big lessons of of a decade matter matter is it doesn't matter they're in either way. This is what they're gonna pretend to have believed if Donald Trump loses. So I, I do think that that matters.


I do, but I also like, I think it's like, yes, it's about getting ready for post-election shenanigans, but I do think part of it is like, look, any campaign puts up yard signs. Like yard signs are about a bandwagon effect. We all do that, everybody does that. But there's something specific about Trump because so much of the argument is about character and about him being sort of morally unacceptable. And so creating a kind of permission structure that's like they're all crazy. Look, the country's behind him, like you come on board, right. Everybody's doing it. And I, I think that matters more for him than it would for a normal candidate. Yeah. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is keeping up her breakneck schedule in the battlegrounds. She's in Michigan as we're recording this. Three rallies today in Michigan three events. Nice. And earlier today she responded on the tarmac to a reporter's question about Trump's Madison Square Garden hate fest.


Here's that response along with comments from a OC who is of course Puerto Rican American herself. And she responded during the rally while live streaming a game of Madden NFL 25 with Tim Walls on Twitch. It's 2024. Oh yeah. That's where, that's what we're doing right now. That's great. Alright, let's listen. Donald Trump's has, this is not new about him by the way. What he did last night is not i a a discovery. It is just more of the same and maybe more vivid than usual. Donald Trump spends full time trying to have Americans point their finger at each other fans the fuel of hate and division. And that's why people are exhausted with him. I need people to understand that when they, when you have some a-hole calling Puerto Rico floating garbage, know that that's what they think about you.


That is like, that's exactly the book. That's just what they think about you. It's what they think about anyone who makes less money than them. It's what they think about the people who serve them food in a restaurant. It's what they think about the people who, who fold their clothes in a store. Like, You're right, Dude. Are you serious privilege of being, are you serious? Yeah. The privilege of being on this campaign is traveling across the entire country. There are hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans across in battleground states that need to send them a message. What'd you guys think about the way Harris responded? A OC Walls? First of all, I want Kamala to get away from the jet engines. I'm never gonna let this go.


Yeah. I also was wondering why, why is Tim Walls whispering like his, he doesn't want his mom to hear him playing Madden. Yeah, it's right. It was, it was like, it was like, I'm like, you're everyone's very chill right now. Like where, where's our defense? What's happening? I don't know. I I, I thought a OC was particularly good on this. 'cause she understands and is from the community and she's a really incredible messenger. and it dovetails with the broader argument she's been making about Elon Musk, that he's laughing at you, they're mocking you and they dle the million dollar check. They're mocking you. They don't care about you, they don't understand you. I think that was effective. The, the, the Harris comments about divisiveness and division and fueling the flames. They're accurate, but it is giving me a little bit of 2016 PTSD if I'm being totally honest. Oh, really? I thought it was great. I thought she's, she's, she's, you've she doesn't want to get offended by them.


No, I think 2016 would be like, this is racist, this is offensive, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's that was what 2016 was. She's saying like, it's the same old divisive shit. Yeah. She is saying the same. And we're gonna f and we're gonna get into the whole future forward thing and the, and and focus on economic stuff. But that's the pivot she's making. She's not taking the bait. She's not saying like, I'm gonna go on and on the rally and say how offensive it is. Well, she commented on multiple times. So I mean there's certainly, I, I don't know if taking the bait or not, but they're certainly talking about it. They, they cut an ad about it that we mentioned earlier. They're doing a lot of things to highlight this part of the story. Yeah. But I think the way that the message is from her is that he should be fo he's not focusing on you and I'm gonna be focusing on you. Yeah. Which is the right message. I think that's right. So as we get close to the end, the a-list surrogates are out on the trail for Harris on Friday, of course, Harris and Beyonce rallied together in Houston.


And then on Saturday, Michelle Obama appeared with the VP at a rally in Kalamazoo. Michigan. Let's listen. We are at the precipice of an incredible shift, the brink of history. I'm not here as a celebrity, I'm not here as a politician. I'm here as a mother, a mother who cares deeply about the world. My children and all of our children live in a world where we have the freedom to control our bodies. Do not put our lives in the hands of politicians, mostly men who have no clue or do not care about what we as women are going through.


Please, please do not hand our fates over to the likes of Trump who knows nothing about us, who has shown deep contempt for us because a vote for him is a vote against us, against our health, against our work. So fellas, Before you cast your votes, ask yourselves what side of history do you wanna be on? I would encourage everyone to watch the entire Michelle Obama speech. It, you know, they call her the closer for a reason. What do you guys think of the speech?


I, I mean, I thought it was one of the best political speeches I've heard in a really long time. I was really moved by it moved thinking about it. She was emotional delivering it. And I actually was thinking like, you put that Joe Rogan interview up against Michelle Obama, and I just think Michelle Obama wins every time because yes, that might have been the most effective version of Trump, you'll see, right? The affable businessman talking the, you know, shooting the shit with Joe Rogan. But this was about the stakes and I found it like persuasive. It was persuasive. It was aimed at people who aren't paying a lot of attention, but it was also aimed at people who are paying a lot of attention and the best argument they can make to the people in their lives and spoke to. I think a lot of the, the cynicism and frustration people have who are paying close attention to, I just thought it was an amazing speech, Tommy.


Yeah. I mean, the speech was two parts. The first half was basically her like unloading the oppo clip on Trump and going at him very hard and laying into him. And I obviously enjoyed that, but that's something that a lot of people can do. The second half was riveting. I mean, you can hear it is silent in there. People are wrapped in paying attention and it really was unlike any speech I've heard this entire election cycle, the way she talked about the stakes for everyone in terms of reproductive health. And she, she, like, she made, she figured out a way to bring you emotionally into the room, into the hospital room watching someone you love die. and it was unbelievably powerful.


And I, I watched, I mean, a bunch of people told me it was great when I finally watched it, I, I too was like blown away by just how powerful, how much she connected and how much you could tell she meant it. And my only thought afterwards was like, how do we get this in front of everybody? How do you make sure this is the thing on TikTok that's getting the most push because it's long, right? There's extended chunks and that's the power, the sort of like three minute detailed explanation of what life could be like for you and your partner if these laws Pass. I know I was, we were trying to clip this for today and it's hard because the whole section on reproductive freedom is eight minutes, I think. And so it's just, it's hard to, and it's, I mean, both of the Obamas are like this, right?


Which is, there's not, they don't do sound bites and like one line here and there and you really have to watch the whole thing in full to get it. I thought, I mean we've been talking forever about like men and appeals to men and how this works and, and she makes this direct appeal to men that I think is maybe one of the most effective Yeah. Appeals to men on almost any issue. Certainly reproductive rights. Others like, you know, I tweeted this and then fucking Ben Shapiro quick tweets me, and he is like, Michelle Obama is always just disappointed in you. Everything she says, she's just so disappointed in you. And it's like, it's, it's a funny reaction because she went out of her way in that section to empathize with what young men or what men might be thinking.


And at one point she says like, I don't expect men to understand all that women go through with our reproductive health. She's like, frankly, women don't always understand what's going on in our own bodies. Right. But she's like, just imagine if you do this. And then she's like, she's, she's pleading with men, right? And she's trying to like, put herself in their shoes. I mean, it's just, it was so Empathetic. Well, it's also so Empathetic. Look you worth saying as well. Yes. There's some political value to saying, oh, Michelle Obama's talking down to men. She isn't. Of course. Of course she's not. It's just lazy. Of course. It's lazy. Which Ben has become voting For Trump is a very disappointing thing for, for men to do. Yeah. And and I think part of what that speech was about was about how to reach people that you might feel upset with, that they're considering this.


Right? Right. She says at one point in the speech, like, you rage may be justified, but if, but if you use your rage to vote for Trump, you're voting against us. And like that, I think that idea saying that like, I understand why you are upset. I understand why this may be on the table for you, but it's morally wrong. And and it's not just politics. It's not just, oh, we can disagree. A vote for Trump is a vote against the women you, you claim to love. And if you love them, you should listen to them. Ben Shapiro was so mad about the Barbie movie that he lit Barbie dolls on fire and then released a 43 minute review of it. So just for context, I just have a real special animus towards people like Ben Shapiro and JD Vance, who fancy themselves is the, the intellectual zambonis, right.


Who try to make this like intellectual argument about shit when it's like, you know what, you're full of shit. You're full of shit. 'cause if you actually listen to it, your criticism of the speech has nothing to do with what was actually in the speech. Your wife was dying, you would do anything it took. Of course you save her life, you lying. Little shit. Yeah, Of course. It's like if you, if you want to pick apart facts, then go try to pick apart fact. But you didn't do that because you can't. Yeah. So like the Trump campaign, the Harris campaign is also projecting confidence, though democratic strategists and reporters are doing their thing by continuing to publicly air an internal debate about which message Harris should close on the New York Times reports that future forward. The big pro Harris super Pac warned in their weekly email to Democratic operatives that attacking Trump as a fascist, which two four star generals who worked for him have now called him, isn't particularly persuasive.


And that hammering a contrast with Trump on the economy and reproductive rights featuring Harris's own stances works better. We've talked about this a lot. Dan asked Kamala's lead pollster, our friend David Binder about it on Sunday's bonus pod, which if you haven't listened to yet, you should absolutely listen to Binder said You have to do both. And here's what Harris campaign manager Jen O'Malley Dillon said about it to Jen Psaki on Sunday. I mean, look, I think we have seen from the beginning that when people who have worked close closest with Donald Trump speak out, it has real impact on voters and certainly on these voters that we're still trying to reach these small segment of undecided voters.


We know anecdotally, we know from our research when someone like John Kelly stands up and speaks about what it was like to serve under Donald Trump speaks about how he clearly wants unchecked power. The American people are not comfortable with that. And that is an important contrast that we have. And I think that it's fundamental to everything that the vice president is talking about how we turn the page from this, how we have a leadership in this country that's focused on the issues that the American people care about. So we do think it's important. It's really important when people that are closest to Donald Trump speak out about it. And we've seen that across all of our data. What do you guys think about this debate and, and particularly the balance that the Harris campaign's striking right now? So I first of all, like I think the, like the, we obviously have to do both is the, the answer we've always been landing on.


And just like you have to do both. You have to make the positive case. You have to make the contrast case. You have to make sure people understand the threat. One thing that Binder said that I thought captures, I think like another facet of this is he said around this question of whether to, to call Trump a fascist. It's that one word doesn't communicate what the threat is. Yeah. And to me, like that was the, the most important point of it's not should we describe the menace and threat that Trump poses versus should we just make a positive argument. It's that when we talk about the threat Trump poses, how do we do that? And like, so I asked ac a OC about this, this question of like calling Trump a fascist, and she went right to Donald Trump will take away basic rights of women across this country. And so I think translating like fascism is a, is a, is a identity. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a summary.


And actually you have to get into the details with people because people have heard for years all kinds of words that are true to describe Donald Trump. The last group of people we're trying to reach are Biden eight by definition, undecided and unmoved by those broad, broad brush characteristics that you have to get into the details. I'm a little worried about the balance of the moment and not because of like the message testing of ads. It's just because you have to ask yourself what is breaking through in the closing days. And I do think it is primarily this conversation about Trump and fascism. And I think it's valuable to say the top people that worked for him don't trust him to be president. Again. I think that's alarming new information probably for a lot of people. But it's gotten mixed in with conversations about like praising Hitler's generals and things that I think just sound partisan and hyperbolic and a lot of people Off.


Do you think the it off think the Harris campaign has done that though? I, I think Because we're talking about like, this is what I think it's unfair that this, it's like there's a lot of straw men run around here, which is like the Harris campaign's leaning in on fascism. No, they're not. Anderson Cooper asked her, do you think he's a fascist? She said yes. Right. Everything else they've done their ads. Everything else has been about what you said Lovett, which is conveying what the threat means to people. And so like, I don't know what else they would do at this point. I'm not blaming anyone. I'm talking about the closing conversation that people are hearing. And I think it's overly tilted away from an economic message right now in ways that worry me because every focus group and piece of polling we see shows you that voters primarily care about those issues.


And there are also, there's a pretty easy ready made answer for Trump, which is we saw him for four years. It, people don't think it was that bad. And so some of the th some of the language used to describe him can seem ridiculous to people. So that's where my anxiety comes from. And I agree with you. Like I, I'm not criticizing their strategy necessarily, but you get to decide whether you do a press avail or not, you get to take questions or not. You get to decide how you answer things and what you highlight or not. And so it does feel like they are leaning into this. There's a big speech Tuesday at the ellipse where January 6th, you know, started, right? That is gonna lead to a conversation about the 2020 election and the insurrection and Trump's fascistic tendencies.


And I just, I, I'm a little worried about that emphasis when a lot of these undecided swing voters are like, I don't know, but gas was cheaper. But This is, this is what drives me sort of crazy because I think that there is a gap between the people who spend their days looking at focus groups and looking at data. I am one of them. If Kamala Harris sat down with a bunch of voters in a focus groups who were undecided and she had a choice of what to say, what she should say to them, of course, is a lot of this economic messaging right now, not all of them, as Binder said, their research shows. I know that Future Forward has their own research, but the Harris campaign research pretty good too. Their research shows that there is some segment of people who, when you tell them that John Kelly said that this man was unfit to serve and he's a four star general, that gives them pause and that they may not vote for it.


Right. But I would still say yes, Kamala Harris should deliver a message on economics. Absolutely. The problem is the filter and what gets through to voters. And when you're saying the conversation that, yeah, it gives me anxiety too, but there's also like, there's only so much you can control in a campaign. And I think if Tuesday when she does her closing argument speech, she's gonna get a lot of press attention because of where the speech is. Right. I think if she decided that for her closing argument speech, she was gonna go to like a grocery store or whatever, you could think something better and just do a big economic speech, it would be a fart in the wind. No one would cover it. Voters wouldn't hear it. And then we'd all be happy that she gave the right message, but no one would actually hear that. Well, I mean, that's a look straw man, like fascism speech verse the most boring version of an economic event.


Yes, of course. Like you would choose something that was interesting. I, I think at the end of a campaign, you are far more likely to get coverage and for those things to break through than in any other point. And I'm just worried that the focus right now is about a message that might not be as compelling to these swing voters. I think your job as a campaign is to figure out a way for the thing you want to talk about to break through and get covered. Well, all The ads are doing That though. I'm not, I'm not criticizing them. I'm just saying like, when I look at kind of concerns I'm hearing from all these people about slippage and what people are saying, they're hearing on the doors about, well, I just wanna know about her economic plans and you know, the need for more information about her. I wonder if a closing focus that is again about Trump is answering the mail with those people.


I also think that she's not gonna spend, like, the setting is the setting. I think the setting gets attention. The setting gets press attention. I think that the entire speech will probably be the economic stuff, the contrast, the whole positive vision. Right? But what breaks through, right? We're talking about kill Tony and his event comments at Madison Square Garden and not what Donald Trump said, But that's not under the control of the Harris campaign. You know what I'm saying? Like this, they, The setting where they, I'm saying the setting is where they chose and that's gonna frame up the speech. Well You said that is said, but you said kill Tony. They're not, they don't have anything to do with kill Tony. I'm just An example of, I'm just making the point that like something else can, could be the, the focus of the covered versus the words I I like in 2016, I feel like there were a bunch of big mistakes that, that we had to make to, because we were running against Trump for the first time.


One of those mistakes that I think has absolutely a mistake. But one that's been, I think laid completely at the feet of the Clinton campaign, what was actually, well a larger media failing is I think what Tommy is talking about, which is she was traveling the country talking about the economy. We always have this, she did a bus tour at toward or towards the end through the Midwest, all about the economy. No one fucking heard It. And so, you know, she does do this economic message, but what's breaking through during that time, it's the anti-Trump message. And the anti-Trump message was like, I think clearly not effective, both because he hadn't been president. The, the people weren't. It was just, it was, we, we failed to make that case There. Stories about his character. Yes. Like him being a shitty guy. I think now we have landed on far more effective ways to, to beat Donald Trump to make the argument against Donald Trump.


Like Kamala Harris is very good at making that argument. We still have this problem of how do you break through on the economy when the catnip is the more kind of political exciting Trump is an extremist threat. Now the good news right, is replacing Joe Biden with Kamala Harris and then like an incredibly well-run campaign over months has like moved the needle on the economy, right? That has Actually happened significantly. That has broken through. Like they, what what their strategy has worked so far. Like she's like almost even with them on the economy in some polls and even in New York Times ciena, she like gained, I don't know, seven or eight points. And so then I do think, like in this last week, how do you do both of those things? I I kind of like, I I think doing a speech on the national ellipse to just reaffirm that, that that view that the Americans have, that Donald Trump is chaotic and dangerous and unstable and like, you can't trust him, like I think is, is worth doing.


I think that to me is the right thing to do because of the attention it gets. I think the question then is, okay, we've hit that point. How in the seven days that follow do you drive what Tommy's talking about? Because it's really fucking hard to do really hard and you've used your closing speech on the ellipse, you've spent it that's been spent. So it's hard. But like I I, I come down on thinking it's the right place to reach a ton of people with a closing. And I think it's an all in opportunity cost. None of it is easy, right? But we're talking about the biggest, most important decisions in the closing week and what we want to get in front of voters. and it just does concern me a little bit like the Michelle Obama speech specifically about reproductive care and access to that care and going in great detail about the horrors that could come from Trump getting four more years was unbelievably powerful if that speech was sort of framed as, you know, Trump as dictator and, and that was sort of like the, the prism through which that information got, it just changes the tenor and the way it lands.


And I think the likelihood that people get the information you want them to hear. Yeah. Well I think in her, in her speech, she did a lot of Trump as the threat that Trump poses. She did the first, she talked about shooting on armed protesters, right? Like look, I think stipulated if you're out there, which no one has done, but if you're out there talking about Trump is a fascist, Trump is a dictator, blah, blah, blah. Like that is bad. That is very, very bad. But there are things that Trump could do or that want that he wants to do that we know from polling is very effective with the voters that we're talking about. Right? People don't want him to shoot unarmed protestors that's not popular. They don't want him to pardon the January 6th protesters, they fucking hate the 2020 steal. The, this is why the Trump campaign has had an entire strategy to put him on these podcasts.


Yeah. Because they know that if people think that Trump is a threat that they lose. This is the New York Times today just said that the Trump campaign's actually also worried that some of this Hitler stuff that John Kelly stuff is gonna cost them the election. Right. So like it, I do, I just think that it is, I I guess all, I'm not trying to like defend the campaign or anything. I'm just trying to put myself in the campaign and events happen. And then it's like, what do you do to respond to an event that happens? Like Mar Madison Square, Gar Garden happens, and if she gets off the tarmac and a reporter says, what'd you think about Madison Square Garden? I just, I think it, it, it makes me laugh to think of her saying, well, I'm just focused on costs. Well, but yes, the the dumbest possible answer is not what she's gonna say. But there's like JD Vance pretended he didn't hear the joke, so we didn't comment on the joke.


There's a million in one ways to avoid making news on the thing you don't wanna avoid on. I'm not saying that's the right thing to do here. I'm just saying it is a strategic choice. And like, do you Think there would've been a better, a better answer off the plane? Like what do you think that, what do you think? I don't remember what she said now. Just the divisiveness thing that you were saying. Possibly. I don't know. I I have not thought about it until you just asked me. But like you said, running around saying fascism is not the way to go. I agree. I don't think they've been doing that. But very recently she started using the word fascist Just when Anderson Cooper No. The first time she, Oh, and then Charlemagne said it, right? It's been a couple times she agreed she didn't, she didn't use it on her own. This this point I'm making is, this is what you're responding to events. And and I think when you, I I think there's certain things where like he proposes a very serious threat and you, if she, she could make the choice to say no, he's not a fascist, but like, I don't think that's a good choice either.


Yeah. You'd be like, it's a word I haven't used, et cetera. I, I'm saying like, all we're getting at here is like, these are purposeful decisions that end up having an impact on what is covered and what the closing message is and what people hear. Yeah. I'm just Yeah, I know. I know for sure. I'm just saying it's really, you're cheated On this one. No, 'cause I am. 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm heated on it. I'm not, he, I mean, I'm not mad. I'm just saying like, I, I have, I have struggled with this so much because I have seen all the fucking data. Like I don't, all of our friends in the Democratic Super pacs and everyone else who's saying like, this is bad, we gotta do more in the economy. I get them, I've been there, I've seen the fucking data. But like when this happens on a campaign, a campaign's also about like the exigent events that you are responding to. And if you respond in a way that seems like JD Vance seemed like bullshit when he said he hadn't heard the joke.


If she had said she Hadn heard Yeah, he lied. Would've been fucking bullshit. Right? Yeah. And it's like clearly something that worries the Trump campaign, which is why they walked it back. So of course she should go in on that now. And I'm not, I'm not saying she shouldn't have said that. I'm just saying like, it it's not hard to not make news on things you don't want to. Yeah. It Just really isn't. And all I'm saying is I think the critique from the Super pacs that the somehow the Harris Walls campaign is not, is the, the strategy is leaving leaning too heavy on the Trump threat. It's just wrong. I think it's just wrong criticism. And then I think they need to close the deal on the economy for sure. But I'm, I guess I just, I'm with Binder, which is like, you really just have to figure out a way to do both. Yeah. And also just like the Kamala Harris is running an incredibly impressive campaign in a media environment that sucks and makes Trump possible. And like that is the, that is the thing.


And like in the closing Day, it's so hard, it's so much harder than any other campaign to break through on. And so, and so in that context, like how do you break through on the economy? What's the balance? I like where I kind of land is I have the same worry Tommy. I like, how do you reach these people like it, how do you get to this like, final group of people and make sure they understand the economic stakes at the same time? Like he's out there calling people the enemy of the people. He's out there saying these fascistic things. Tucker Carlson, his like fucking mind guru is out there like, kind of like adult and claiming that they won't accept the election results. He's planning to not accept these election results. You can go to the ellipse, you can tell the truth and somewhere and try to use that to at least get to some coverage of the economic stakes too. I don't know what else you do.


No, I think, I think eight outta 10 voters on the doors that you ask if they're gonna be like, well I don't know what she's gonna do for me. And then you tell that voter that her plans and that might be your best shot at getting them vote. Yeah, I totally agree with that. The Doors might be the best shot, but like again, it's just, you know, the campaigns make a lot of choices and Donald Trump did this goofy ass thing where he worked at McDonald's kind of for an hour and it was like the thing that more people saw that week when it comes to political news than anything else. It was a creative, borderline bizarre choice. Yeah. But it was really, really, really effective. And like I, I'm not criticizing the Harris campaign, I'm just saying like, your job in the campaign is to find those things that do break through. And that was a really good example.


Yeah. Okay, well, we'll leave it there. When we come back from the break, you're gonna hear Alyssa's interview with Nancy Pelosi about pulling off a win next


week. But before we do that, this is the part of the show where we beg you, oh, to do the most effective thing you can do to be Donald Trump and win this election, we need you to think of three people in swing states, Arizona, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, and call or text them now to confirm their voting plans. That would be nice. Or to just try to persuade them if they're thinking about not voting or thinking about voting for Donald Trump. And then you can have whatever conversation you want with them. You can say, can I offer you a fascist threat? And if they say, I don't care about that, you can say, can I offer you a healthcare plan? Or Mick Riddle, right? Can I offer you a tariff? Can I offer you, have you heard productive rights? Have you heard about what John Kelly said? Have you heard what this hack comedian from Texas said? You can go through a whole, there's this good comedian set, however long you got on the phone. It's not a 32nd ad. No, no. That's the beauty of a real conversation. And it's with someone you know. So you can really have an interesting conversation if you don't have swing state contacts, that's pretty sad. But then ask your contacts if they have swing state contacts. And once you've identified some swing state folks who may need some convincing use vote save America's last call tool for Easy Scripts at Vote Save America dot com slash vote. Also, if you've been scrolling Instagram and feeling some shame and envy about all those cool photos of your friends canvassing to save democracy, it's not too late to make a plan to join them, just go to Vote Save America dot com and click on I want to volunteer. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee


when we come back. Speaker Pelosi,


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Gone are the days of searching through the Pod Save America YouTube to find the latest episode of Offline. Because we now have our own YouTube channel. Give your thumbs a break from endless doom scrolling and tune into smarter, lighter conversations about our collective internet culture with guests like Stephen Colbert, Hassan Piker Contra points, and Megan Rapinoe joining to help make sense of your digital world. Type offline into your nearest YouTube search bar. And tune in for new episodes every Sunday for episodes of the same show you know and love.


Today I am honored to be able to sit down with speaker Nancy Pelosi, representing California's 11th District for the last 37 years. Yes. Inducted to the National Women's Hall of Fame in Seneca Falls, recipient of the nation's highest civilian honor the Presidential Medal of Freedom, also New York Times bestselling author of The Art of Power, which I cannot recommend enough. Madam Speaker by my math. This is your eighth presidential election. Since coming to Congress we are nearing election day. What is keeping you up at night? Well, I'm just worried I, how can I say this? I'm not up at night. I'm very happy about it. Oh good.


I, I all see, I'm a former chair of the California Democratic Party and so my whole thrust in politics is own the ground. Right. So it's wonderful to have the, we have to have the mobilization on the ground. We have to have the message which is unifying and not menacing, but is bold and progressive, but not menacing. And we have to have the money to get the job done. The money's coming in. Yep. The message is in the hands of the candidate. The mobilization is what matters now. And I've traveling all over for some house races Sure. And all as well as presidential. And I feel very good that good about the fact that everybody knows it's in their hands.


You know, people say, I have my fingers crossed as said. Un cross them and make calls. Make calls or text, send a postcard or knock on doors or go walk precincts. But no fingers crossed. Okay, good. All right. Well then I'm feeling good. So last week Donald Trump referred to you again as the enemy within. He also said that January 6th was a beautiful thing and that it was all about love and peace. Your disdain and dislike for the former president is pretty well documented at this point. But did these comments scare you any more than things he's previously said, Well, we've already born the brunt of his hatred. As you probably are aware, there's something, this person is not on the level you understand that he is.


Anytime he says something, he's projecting his own self. Right. He is the enemy within. And that's why this election is so important. But when he says me and talks about Mayor or Adam Schiffer, that he's really talking about the American people. And I think that Vice President Harris has been very good about making that clear when he's talking about the enemy within, he's talking about the American people. I myself think we're gonna win this election because of the goodness of the American people, not because of the enemy within. I think the American people, when it comes right down to it, will understand that you cannot elect a person of such vulgarity, such misrepresentation, such insulting the intelligence of the American people was not a day of Lovett was a tragedy for our nation.


PE people ended up dying from it. Many injured from it and it just goes to shit. But I think that there's a judgment out there that may not be very loud, but it's very strong. So you were just in Florida for a women's Get Out the Vote Breakfast where you discussed the State's amendment four, which would codify abortion rights. How important has reproductive rights been as an issue for Democrats this cycle, both at the top of the ticket and down ballot, Vitally important reproductive rates. Very important. I just called recall to mind that two years ago and 22, the off year people said we were gonna lose 30 or 40 seats.


And I said, they just don't know what they're talking about. They make collect high salaries, but they ain't on the ground and they don't know what's happening. 'cause we knew that that issue was very important. And they said, she meaning me the, I owe an apology to the Democrats for putting that in the forefront. Didn't I know it was in the rear view mirror and people didn't care that much. But we know how those members voted. And we know how our candidates were opposing that they oppose putting Roe v Wade in put into law. And they even opposed women having a right to contraception and they opposed anything to do with climate crisis, gun violence, prevention, all of that.


But the women's, the women's issue, the, the reproductive health issue is primary. And as you know, we lost five seats Yep. In New York. I know. And, and that's for a lot of different reasons. But hopefully we win them back this time. But I have no doubt that we will win the House of Representatives. Hakeem Jeffries will be the speaker. He must be the speaker. He must be the speaker for all the issues we care about. But also on January 6th to protect our democracy. So it's October, October, surprises throughout the years are of great lore. And in 2008 I was on the Obama campaign, many consider the financial crisis and the record rise in unemployment as the October surprise of that election.


But in 2008 weeks before the presidential election, Congress came together to keep the economy from going over a cliff. Do you think Congress could come together today to solve a problem that catastrophic We would have to. You remember that, that President Bush was president at the time when this happened. And it was the generosity and the really responsible attitude of the Democrats that saved the day. Let's be shortest, point that out because the Republicans never lived up to their commitment. Right. To have a hundred votes to pass this. I do believe it was the reason we lost the house in 2010, because we had to save the day and people thought we were bailing out Wall Street, were bailing out the economy.


Yep. And we always agreed that whatever we did would be bipartisan, but they didn't do their share. So we had to right. Weigh in more heavily. But nonetheless, as you indicate it was bipartisan, we got the job done. I don't know that anything like that could happen under Trump because Right. He doesn't have it. The only thing he did when he was president of the United States with a Republican majority, was to give a tax break. To have a tax bill, a tax bill that gave 83% of the benefits to the top 1% added $2 trillion to the national debt to give tax breaks to the richest and biggest corp.


Corporate America and individuals as well. And he says that's what his agenda is to renew that tax cut. But at this point it will be more like $5 trillion to the national debt. So it's hard to imagine anything. We tried to do infrastructure with him, he wouldn't do it. Well, let me just say this. Why am I even talking about him being President? Kamala Harris will be president of the United States. Yes Ma'am. And because of the rules of the Senate with the 60 votes and the rest, we would have to have bipartisanship. Right. To get something big done. Let us always think that, that that sense of responsibility will enable the Republicans to come on board.


Right. If we make our compromise, they have to make theirs. But that's our responsibility. We have responsibility to strive for bipartisanship to be accountable to the public about that and have transparency so the public knows. Right. In 2007, you were elected first woman, speaker of the House. You have been the most powerful woman in politics since, and you made the decision to step down from leadership. It takes women so long to break the glass ceiling. Why did you make the choice? What did you hope for? And were you right? Well, yes I was. Right, of course. But let me just say that it's not a glass ceiling in the Congress.


Okay. It's a marble ceiling. Oh yes. It's a much tougher thing. Obstacle to break. No, I thought it was right. I was excited about it. I, I don't know, people ask me, was it right? Yes. I was, I was full of excitement about it. The only thing I regretted was that it wasn't gonna be in the majority. Sure. See, I thought we could win it, even though they said 30, 40 seats was five seats. But I, I stayed in order to make sure that what's his name doesn't set foot in the White House again. And to make sure that Hakeem Jeffries has that gavel. But I've been there 20 years, I mean 20 years. Either eight as speaker, 12 as leader.


Right. And it's a major responsibility. And you know, legislatively, politically, fundraising wise Yes. That was, I was proud of what we had done, but I was glad others were willing to carry the load. So you were just telling me you've been in Boston today already campaigning. Yeah. You're here in New York City campaigning, you are then heading out and crossing the country. Yeah. Campaigning for Democrats. So one of my favorite memories was hearing Barbara Mikulski, who served as US Senator for 30 years before retiring. I saw her speak once about her first run in Congress in 1976. And she talked about how she raised money through bake sales for Barb.


Yeah. So how has campaigning changed over the years with the advent of social media? Do you think it's become more inclusive? Oh, absolute. Well, separate and apart from the advent of social media, there was a decision made when I went to Congress in 37. It was a few 37 years ago, a few years after Barbara went to the Senate. Right. And we're also proud of her. The, there were 435 members of Congress as is there, that is the number. There were 23 women, 12 Democrats, 11 Republicans. That was absolutely unacceptable. So we made a decision to recruit, to train, to fund, to accept self recruitment.


And, and, and that, and then this Congress, I'm very proud that we had 94 women. Right. And we're going to, we're gonna get more in this next election. So, 'cause it was a decision. And social media is a double-edged sword. Right. Some of it's positive, some of it is not. But all of it is about women. And of course we want minority even with the more diversity. Our caucus, our house democratic caucus, I'm proud to say is nine 70% women, people of color, L-G-B-T-Q. It's a fabulous, it's a fabulous statement about a political party in a, in a congress, a parliament or whatever.


And we still want more. But the, but it was a decision. It wasn't, this happened because of social media. Right. And social media can be a danger to, because when I'm trying to encourage women to run or talk to those who have decided they're going to run, they're always concerned about the negative aspects of it. They could, I said, I could never subject my family to what you've been through. I'm not even talking about the physical violence of course, of, of Donald Trump's friends. I'm talking about the just you, you become a target. That's just the way it is. And they know that women, here's the way I see it, they know that women have a reputation for being more ethical.


That's just the way it is. That's the way. So what do they do to our women candidates? They attack their ethical standing by saying things, make 'em up. They're not even true. And if your child hears that Right. That their classmate heard that on TV and comes home crying, is this worth it? Right. Right. So we have to get rid of that politics and personal destruction, which really became a, a factor during the nineties when New Gingrich became speaker. He really did that, went after the Clintons as you know, Hillary Clinton so much. And we have to, we just have to take it down to we're a democracy.


We have differences of opinion. Let's express those differences that people judge what it means to them without trying to say things that really was, I'm, I have no doubt that the things they said about me when I was speaker and the rest and, and became speaker and all that on the Republican side, contributed to the assault on my husband. So I remember at Senator Harry Reid's funeral, president Obama talked about how Reid was the epitome of progress over perfection. Yeah. And I wanted to know if you had any words for folks who are sitting on the sidelines right now, who are still undecided about whether to vote for Kamala Harris on November 5th, specifically for folks who think she's not progressive enough.


Oh, come on. Excuse me. Well, yeah, that was a beautiful word that the President said about Harry was wonderful and he was masterful. And I I I miss him every day. The, I have two words to say to people who say she's not progressive enough. Donald Trump, a tragedy for our country, if he were ever to be elected, everything that we care about or have done would be obliterated by him. Somebody said to me the other day, what's the difference between the Democrats and Republicans and how you treat poor children?


I said, we do. And they don't. Right. That's just the way it is. So, you know, with all due respect to that, and I'm a progressive from San Francisco, and what the thing is, is that we have to win in the whole country. And when I was invited by the governor of Michigan to be there for events, I've said then what works in Michigan works in San Francisco, working class message. What works in San Francisco may not work in Michigan. Right. Let's win baby. Okay. So the, if they have ideas that they want to develop at the local level and and have them become something that had national acceptance, that's what this is about.


That's what I did. I mean, I came at it very from the left end of San Francisco, but I know you have to govern from the center. Right. So I would just say to them, everything that we did, Joe Biden was a fabulous president. Consequential, our agenda was beautiful from the all the bills, the rescue package with the child tax credit, the infrastructure bill with all the jobs, the tech, the packed act for our veterans, the chips act for our economy, and for involving women and ownership as well as jobs and our to save the planet, the biggest commitment of any country ever.


$370 billion to save the planet that's very progressive. and it would be all negated, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, lowering the cost of insulin. That's not what they're there for. They're taking us to court on some of those things. Yep. And Trump has sat down with, oh, I said his name. Ugh. I know you don't like to do that. I don't like to do it. Slip down, sat down with the fossil fuel industry and said, give me a billion dollars and I'll get rid of all this other stuff. So I just have two words for them. Donald Trump, bless your hearts for your sincerity. And the rest, as I say that, as a San Francisco liberals very close to my constituents.


And I had a lot of those signs in my basement for 40 years. But right now we wanna win the White House. And if they think that giving a vote to a third party or something like that is courageous. No, it's dangerous. It is dangerous. So I did wanna ask, you mentioned your husband Paul, and shortly after he was brutally attacked, Trump took to Twitter and made a joke about it. Yeah. And minutes after Trump was grazed by a bullet in Butler Pennsylvania, you released a statement on Twitter that read in part as one whose family has been the victim of political violence. I know firsthand that political violence of any kind has no place in our society.


Thank God that former President Trump is safe having walked in his shoes. How depraved does it seem that he couldn't wish you and your husband? Well, I think it's indicative of who he is. That's why I come back to the goodness of the American people. This is a person who has no respect for other people. He's all about himself and his rich friends at the expense of other people. He exploits con fears and concerns that people have about how they will, how they will survive economically. And a time of globalization, a time of innovation. He sells 'em a bill of goods.


And again, their social cultural issues like gun guns and gaze as they call it, three Gs guns gaze. And God, can you believe it as a mother of five and six years and seven days? I, I have something to say about that. But the but this is not a person that you would even let in your house. Right. Much less into the White House of the United States. He is a vulgar, grotesque. He is unpatriotic. We know that he is demonstrating characteristics that can be considered fascist and how people respond to him because he, again, he sells a good bill of goods, but if his lips are moving, he ain't telling the truth.


You came to Congress in 1987, you came to Congress to fight for children and HIV aids. What do you consider the biggest fight still ahead? You mentioned the social media earlier. It's not about what the fight is. It's about how the fight is conducted. President Lincoln let the record show, I'm quoting a Republican president. President Lincoln said, public sentiment is everything with it. You can accomplish almost anything without it practically nothing. But for a public sentiment to prevail, people have to know. And that is what I think the challenge has been in this administration.


People, we did great things, but the bully pulpit of the White House did not showcase them so that the president's numbers were like a 37%. So the challenge is not the issue. The challenge is the presentation. Now on the issue. We build consensus. We reach across the aisle to try to have bipartisan support for so many things. And, but the public really has to be aware of that. Right. Because some of it takes a great deal of courage for our member, not me, 'cause I represent beautiful San Francisco, but, but makes a deal of courage for them to vote for in their districts.


Especially since the other side, which try to misrepresent what it is. So the the the point is, as I always say, I can bake the pie or I can sell the pie, but I can't do 'em both at once. So there has to be a recognition as we did the Affordable Care Act, we just went out there and mobilized and mobilized and mobilized. And that's the way we passed it. And that's how we saved it because of the engagement of the public. So I would say as we go forward, there's, there's a a care agenda that has to happen in our country. We are, I think, the only developed nation that does not have affordable childcare.


We, the child tax credit's so important, home healthcare for our seniors, family and medical leave. So if you wanna talk about how we can make a big difference in our economy, it's the fullest and empowerment of women and caregivers. They may be men too in, in the workplace. And we have to make sure that the public is aware of it. So it is not misrepresented to them by the other side that does not believe in governance. Right. They don't believe in science. So don't do anything about climate. Right. Because you've invented the climate crisis. Right. At the weather service. That's why they wanna privatize it.


The education. Yeah. The Department of Education. What e and the E-P-A-E-P-A. And what is this? Okay, so let's go right to your kitchen table. Let's go right to your kitchen table. You have to make ends meet. The cost of childcare is huge. Cost of housing is huge. The cost of of care for your older parent or sibling or in addition to children is, is hard. It's, it's expensive, but it's also hard to get the kind of safe care that you need. We really have to change that. We had it in the bi build back better bill. Right. We couldn't get it complete a completely, we got most of it, but we didn't get what I just named.


Right. Paid family and medical leave. Affordable childcare, child tax credit. We had $400 billion in the bill for home healthcare for senior siblings. Right. An addition to children. So I think the empowerment of women and when women succeed, America succeeds. And we want women when they're in the workplace to be fully present. They always worry about families. We all do. But if you have the assurance that the care is safe and good and it is affordable to you, I think that women will make bigger strides even in, in the workplace, in our economy, in our national security, in our politics, in our government and, and academia in every way.


So speaking of women, you ran for Congress in your late forties. Toni Morrison wrote the Bluest Eye in her late forties. Julia Child was 49 when she published Mastering the Art of French Cooking. What should women know about the second half of life? What changes as we age? Well, For me, my children grew up, It was about them once they were in school all day and, and you know, five children in six years and seven days. That was quite an occupying force. I had never intended to run for office. I wasn't even interested in it. In fact, I, I avoided it. I, I mean, I didn't even avoid it. I didn't even think of it.


Right. And then when the opportunity came along and then I ran and they said, you'll Lovett because you love the issues. That's why you're involved in politics. They were right. I loved it. And then when I was there, then they said, now you have to run for leadership after a few years. And I said, no, I, I like my, I like the issue. I love what I'm doing. One thing another, but again, we were losing, we lost 94, 96, 98. And then I said, okay, I'll take some responsibility in the two thousands. And then we won. I became speaker. So when I go housewife house member, right house speaker, my motivation was for the children. I always tell people, know your why.


Know why you are doing this because you're gonna get the slings and arrows and everything else. And you have to, it, it's all worth it if you know why you're there. And mine was the children, Bri large. But specifically when I went there, it was about the AIDS crisis as well. So I have to ask you, what's your secret to being able to spend all day in sky high heels? That would take down the average 30 5-year-old. The dark, I think dark chocolate. Very, very dark chocolate. That's For bread. What is your, what is your favorite dark chocolate? Oh, well, it just depends if it's ice cream or if it's candy or whatever it is.


I said when I left the hotel in Boston this morning, I had chocolate ice cream in the refrigerator. And I said, and I said, I just drank the ice cream, the chocolate ice cream because it didn't, it didn't freeze in the refrigerator. No, I, I think some of it is being Italian American, that I just have this not enough hours in the day to get all the things done that I want. I think part of it is raising five children, you're always working. You don't even have time to wash your face. You know, it's, it's constant. And then it, you multitask, you, you get it done. So it is, I don't know.


I largely attribute it to chocolate. Dark is very dark. Is it dessert? A dessert if it's not chocolate? No. I mean, people can be like fruit or something. I think that's a nice vegetable or fruit. But it's not dessert. That's not Ms. LED's. It's an, and then, so sometimes that happens. People put like, oh, I just made this thing. I say that's nice. It's like, I'll consider it like a piece of bread or I'll consider it a, if it's a pastry or I'll consider it a vegetable. If it's fruit, you know, a fresh, fresh something. No, and it's chocolate and people know it. I mean, it saves me a lot because Do you know how I know it?


Nah, because when we first came to the White House, when rah Emanuel was chief of staff, he would call me and he'd say, honey, which is not sexist. Everyone listening because he called David Axelrod honey too. He'd say, honey, Nancy's coming down and I'm only calling you Nancy because that's what he said. He said, we are the best chocolate croissants. And so, even though I was an assistant to the president, I was in charge of the chocolate croissants that we got for you. Oh my, my God. Because he said she will be happy if we have chocolate. What? I remember going to my first lunch with the president, president Obama in that little lunch, lunch place, and he said, first we're gonna start. And he had chocolate, dark chocolate candy with sea salts sprinkled on top.


That's the first time I had that. It was delicious. No, but I'm, I'm a connoisseur and I'm not, you know, I'm not indiscriminate. Right. It's not just any chocolate and I don't like it adulterated. Somebody will say, oh, this is great. It's got hazelnut in it. I say, that's good. You have enjoy it. You enjoy your Chocolate. So, but if I want a chocolate bar, what should I put in my bag? Oh, no, no. It's, let me just say this. I like very dark chocolate. Okay. But a good Hershey's with Amos never offended anybody. Okay. Well Madam Speaker, thank you so much for talking to me today. And listeners, don't forget to head over to Vote Save America dot com slash 2024 and make sure you're all set for election day. Thank you. And Make sure they do their calls, their Do your calls, your postcards, drive people to the polls.


Be a poll worker. That's do all of it's, It all is in their hands. Madam Speaker, thank You. The faith of the nation. Thank you so much. Thank you. All right, before we go, one of the best memes of the Kamala Harris era. Oh My God. This is going now after Pelosi. Yeah. She's gonna be really happy. I do you think she'll be as happy or happier than Brian sch Better Than the lead in It's got the, the, the meme got an important update on Sunday courtesy of Rudy Giuliani, whose stirring speech we did not play a clip from yet. And we felt a journalistic responsibility to share the whole new meme with you that we've updated. Do not come.


Do not come. I'm gonna come. There's no place in America. The president shouldn't be able to come. I mean, I mean, does Rudy have a point? No, it doesn't. No. We learned that clearly in the Clinton impeachment. No, there are places where the president shouldn't go. Absolutely. Or come. What is His speech was fucking God. He just lost his, he he's lost it, man. I mean, he had to give up his apartment to the, to the election workers from Georgia, which is fucking awesome. He had to give them, he had to give the election workers a, a Mercedes that once belonged to Lauren Bca. What? Really? Yes. Yes.


If this was tested that clipped, do you think that would move some voters off the fence? I Think we could get people going with that then. I I don't think it'll help Rudy's Mayor campaign. You think, think, Think he was gonna make Take one more run at it after, after Adam. See, Yeah. By the way, just gonna, just once again throw out my terrible prediction that if Donald Trump wins Eric Adams Department of Homeland Security. Oh no. Shut. Oh yeah. I thought you were gonna say pardon. I'm like obviously the pardon. Yeah. Pardon's happening. Does Mark, my Rudy Hasn't been sober since the Bush administration. All right. That's our chauffeur today. Thanks to Speaker Pelosi and to Alyssa for that great conversation. Thank You Speaker Pelosi. I, I Just can't handle that. So great to have you. We Love our guests. We Love our guests. Show. Release us on Wednesday, Lovett and our buddy Tim Miller of the Bulwark. We'll be back on Wednesday with the new show.


Bye everybody. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cr.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Herring is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Tolls. It is spooky season and there's nothing scarier than the ghouls who haunt the halls of Congress restricting abortion access.


If you want to fight for bodily autonomy, the crooked store is stopped with plenty of goodies to fill your bag From abortion. Bans are creepy tea and stickers to abortion is healthcare tees. There's tons of stuff to help you push back against those zombie laws from the 18 hundreds. So Are you afraid of the dorks who wanna control women's bodies? Don't be head to crook.com/store to grab all the merch you need to get through election season. I mean, spooky season. Why not both? All of it.