
As the trusted leader in digital advertising, AdRoll drives strong ROI with high performing ad campaigns across display native ads, and paid social in one platform. Visit adroll.com to talk to an account expert.


Today, The most innovative companies are going further with T-Mobile for business like Delta Airlines. Together with T-Mobile for business, Delta Airlines is putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on the gold travelers with real-time information From the Delta Sky Club to the Jet Bridge, this is elevating customer experience and Tractor Supply Trust 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to connect over 2200 stores around the country with 5G business. Internet plus T-Mobile is powering AI solutions so tractor supply team members can match shoppers with the products they need faster. This is enriching customer experience. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Donald Trump holds another absolute banger of a press conference while Kamala Harris and Joe Biden hold their first joint event. Since the president left the race, big announcement about lower drug prices and later RFK Jr was apparently willing to drop outta the race if Kamala Harris offered him a job. But first. There is one topic that Republicans are focusing on the last couple days, and it's not Kamala Harris or the economy or even immigration. It's this quit Whining about her. The campaign is not gonna win. Talking about crowd sizes, it's not gonna win. Talking about what race Kamala Harris is, it's not gonna win.


Talking about whether she's dumb. I will say that in that discussion with Elon, to me he seemed quite rambling. I mean, it was like, yep, he, he rambles, he goes on to long at his rallies and in these exchanges and at his presser the other day to where you get kind of bored, you lose the thread, you lose interest. The winning formula for President Trump is very plain to see. It's fewer insults, more insights, and that policy contrast, It's insane to attack Kamala Harris personally, when in fact the attacks on her actual policy statements will be much more devastating.


So that, that was Nikki Haley, Megan Kelly, Kelly and Conway and Peter Navarro fresh from prison to podcast studio from prison. Yeah, he was, he was, he was guest hosting for Steve Bannon on the War room. I guess, I guess Tommy wasn't available. Available. That's right. I can, well, they record the same time as Pot Save of the World. So Tommy's never available for the gig of his dreams. Peter Navarro went to prison for Trump and now is criticizing his campaign strategy. Like maybe you should take what he has to say a little bit. Seriously, no rhino there. So, So Republicans are once again nervous that Trump's lack of discipline and obsession with petty grievances.


AKA, his personality, Mike, cost him a race. He was favored to win just a month ago. So his campaign tried to send the old man out to talk about the economy in what was billed as an major policy speech in North Carolina this week. Let's listen to how that went. We're talking about a thing called the Economy. They wanted to do a speech on the economy. A lot of people are very devastated by what's happened with inflation and all of the other things. So we're doing this as a intellectual speech. You're all intellectuals today. Today we're gonna talk about one subject ever and then we'll start going back to the other. 'cause we sort of love that, don't we?


But it's an important No, it's an important, they say it's the most important subject. I'm not sure it is, but they say it's the most important sort. Spoiler. He did not talk about the economy in that economic policy speech. He ended up just going on. He did his usual stem speech rambling. He did his tampon Tim thing. He's yelling about Kamala Harris. It was just a complete mess. So then Trump's advisors somehow convinced him to shuffle out of another one of his golf clubs today for a redo on economic messaging. Let's see how that went. She's running on the Maduro plan. We call it the Maduro plan. Like something straight out of Venezuela or the Soviet Union.


You wants to change a free enterprise type country into a communist type country. That's what she knows. Ideas. And Joe Biden too. I, I mentioned him, but he's sort of gonzo. But you're allowed to rob a store as long as it's not more than $950. Has everyone ever heard of that? You can rob a store and you have thieves going into stores with calculators calculating how much it is because if it's less than $950, they can rob it and not get charged. That was her. I think I'm entitled to personal attacks. I don't have a lot of respect for her. I don't have a lot of respect for her intelligence. And I think she'll be a terrible president.


And I think it's very important that we win. And whether the personal attacks are good, bad. I mean, she certainly attacks me personally. She actually called me weird. He's weird. And by the way, I'm a big fan of electricity. It was nearly two hours. This press conference. He walks out of Bedminster in New Jersey, his his country club there. And he's surrounded by tables with cereal and other products. 'cause they wanted to do like a, an inflation event, a high prices event. And he, he walks out, he sort of sticks to the script for a little while. He seems just terribly bored reading what his advisors wanted him to say.


He's doing. Like he's just reading off statistics about the economy. This price is up 30%, blah, blah, blah. Done those thing. Then he goes and starts taking questions and just all bets are off as per usual. He was talking about, he was criticizing Hillary Clinton at one point and, and like talking about how she should feel lucky that he never threw her in jail and he never really wanted to throw her in jail. And then he went back to the bleach bit. He's, he's playing the old hits now. She's, she's, she's banging her blackberry around and burning the emails and it, it was wild. What did you think? Favorite moments? I just wanna start with the premise here that they held an event to highlight the high cost of living at a golf club where it costs a half a million dollars to join.


You don't think that's setting? It's truly one of the fucking stupidest things I've ever seen a campaign do in my life. It's because he's too lazy to go do it at a grocery store. There's clearly a grocery store pretty close. 'cause they went and bought all the groceries. And I will, this is a small thing that only people like us care about, but they set almost all the groceries up so they weren't in the camera shot. So all there was, Yeah, it was just like him and a random box of Honey bunches of Oats next to 'em. Yes, there was Cheerios, three coffees and some meat just sitting, baking in the sun there for two hours. And then they had all this stuff and all these signs with the, that apparently had the increase, like an egg cost or something over the course of the Biden Harris administration.


No one saw any of that. They just, all they saw was three tubs of coffee, some rotting meat. And his golf club in the background mean just insane. A truly insane thing for a campaign to do. Like blown away by how stupid it was. I think it's very funny that that clip that we played of Republicans giving him advice, they're like, Kelly and Conway's like, don't go with the personal insults. Talk about policy. And Nikki Haley's like, stop complaining about her. And then you heard there at the press conference, he's like, I'm entitled to my personal attacks on Kamala Harris. He just goes right into it. Well, he, that's in response to a question that was asked by a CNN reporter ba essentially about the argument of Nikki Haley and others have made about the personal attacks.


And apparently that's something a lot of Republicans have been saying on the hill. And he then answered that with a 10 minute, 10 Minutes t rate of personal attacks on people. I couldn't, I I I, I came into the studio to interview our friend David Pluff, who's now in the Harris campaign, tune into the wilderness this Sunday at the finale. I got a great conversation with Pluff And I came out and he's like, still giving that answer. It was wild. I was like, I can't believe he's, I'm like, I talked to John and Tommy. I was like, what, what el what's going on? What did I miss? Are he still talking? He's still giving this answer. Sometimes I do the thing where I wait till it's over and then I watch Trump at, you know, 1.75 speed to prepare for this podcast or whatever it else I'm doing.


But, you know, was that, was that one 30 yard time a day? We're recording it three yard time. I'm like, you know, I'm gonna sit in front of the TV and I'm gonna watch it. And I watched it. And I watched it. And I watched it. And my kids came home from school and I'm still watching it. It's just, I mean, is it, did he actually stop? I had to leave my house to come to my office to walk it Right before I came in here. He was about to leave and then they had one more shredded question. Do you wish you hadn't debated Joe Biden? He did a whole, that was the thing he was most passionate about in the opening remarks. He went on a little tangent about how he did too good in the debate by taking Joe Biden out. Yeah. And maybe that was a mistake. He Did, he did circle back to that.


One thing I noticed is that like, even last time he did a press conference, I was kind of like, Ugh, I can't believe we have to watch this. But you know what? He always says some crazy shit. It'll be fun. We'll have some good content to talk about on Pod Save America like this one. We were just sitting there and he is going and going. I'm like, he's so boring. Yeah. It's like what me Kelly was saying, right, where he just like, he rambles on and on and on and you lose interest. And it's just like, if it is not your job to watch Donald Trump, like it is ours, wonderful, wonderful Jobs. What up? Seriously? We have chosen Mistakes have found us in this place. Why would you, I don't know why you would watch that, even if you liked Donald Trump. I don't know why you'd watch that.


It was so fucking boring. It's not easy to watch either CNN cut 'em off like 20 minutes into the opening remarks multiple times and came back for the questions. So we all tend to think that the, that the, the rambling, the incoherence, the, the two hour press conferences, like, you know, it's not really helping with persuadable voters, not really helping with much, but it does keep him in the news cycle. He is in the news cycle more than he has been now in the, in the Biden Trump race, the theory was the more Trump the better. Because then everyone's gonna remember what they don't like about Trump. You know, now with Harrison Trump, people really like Kamala Harris and she's doing really well and she's got sort of this like hopeful, joyful message.


And I wonder, like, just as an intellectual exercise here, do we think that there's, there's any, there's a case to be made for the Let Trump be Trump and more Trump the better strategy that they're seemingly pursuing now based on just, I'm sure the desires of one man Donald Trump. We're all intellectuals now, huh John? We're All, we're all intellectuals. Just like Trump said, just for this speech, There is no way in any sort of intellectual exercise I could justify a strategy that allowed Trump to be this Trump boring, aggrieved, rambling.


He mumbles through the message and the only thing he gets passionate about are things that involve personal grievances against him. This is, that does not matter. And I think it is. Like it's, it is from a, like a strategic question. It's sort of interesting because Trump's approval number like he is, you know, obviously Kamala Harris is doing much better against Trump than Biden was. But Trump's favorable ratings are the highest they have been possibly ever other than maybe a blip right after Covid. He's in the mid forties in the battleground states, Certainly higher than they were at this point in 2016 and 2020 in the campaigns. Yes, for sure. And that it might be because he has been out of the news for a month.


There's been no Trump and that is, that may have helped him. Now he can't just let Kamala Harris run to the White House on a wave of energy, hope and joy as she is doing right now. So he needs a strategy to get in the news. And it's one of the reasons why he's acting like a lunatic is he has now run for president three times and in which is In a row. Who in a row, what's the, who's the, what's the last candidate that's run for president three times in a row? Like Ron Paul? Maybe I don't, I mean, yeah, besides like your gad flies. Yeah, I don't that I don't think there is a three for in modern history. Yeah, we need to bring our own Daniel Gale f Check maybe FDR r Sdr r yes. Other than fdr, You have to go that far back.


Okay. But this is the first time that he has been losing the attention wars, right? In 2016 he dominated obviously the Republican primary. None of 'em get their message out through much of the general election. Hillary Clinton was responding to Trump, right? 2020 Biden had the strategy of like basically let Trump light himself on fire and that strategy worked. And 20 in the, in 2024 against Biden, he, there was Biden just had no ability to ever put Trump on the defensive. Just was, that was not in his wheelhouse. But what Kamala Harris is doing is not only is she getting attention and dominating it, she's kind of doing it without really talking about Trump. Like Trump is obviously in her speech, but that it is not the way that everyone in politics and media has gotten attention for the last nine fucking years.


Which is take the crazy thing Trump says and then respond to that. She is driving the conversation and he is being forced to respond to her. And so he has to do something to change that dynamic. The things they have currently tried are not working for them and this is not the right approach. So I don't believe they just let more of this or more Trump is good, but they need to find something between don't be in the news at all and call the cameras to your golf club to light yourself on fire. Right? There's, there's, there's gotta be like a happy middle ground there. Strategically In his mind, I would bet that he, he believes all attention is good attention even if it's negative, right?


Even if he's saying he just wants to be in the news, he thinks that helps him just being in the news. 'cause he is gotta get attention. I think that even though he knows the economy is the top issue, despite the fact that in that North Carolina speech, he questioned that he doesn't believe that if he just talks about that economy, immigration, Kamala Harris's record her plans, that that's gonna do anything for him because a people have sort of made up their minds about him and b that's not gonna get him the kind of attention that he craves and that he needs. And so what he wants to do, that's why he said that thing, I think about the personal insults, which is like he, he wants to draw her in to a fight, you know?


And he, he probably, the thing he hates the most is that she is not responding to him. Like you said, that she is barely talking about him or she's just talking about him like he's like a washed up entertainer in the past that's probably driving him crazy. 'cause what he wants to do is to goad to her into responding to some of the crazy shit that he says about her. And so far he hasn't been able to do that. And I'm sure that's why he's probably looking forward to the debate. I think he is also confused attention and approval, right? What he wants is not to actually capture the mind share of the voters freedom side. The election is he wants applause and the economy stuff doesn't get the applause, right? We're talking to David Ox Oxford on Wednesday's podcast. He made the point that Trump got up there to do the unity stuff during the convention speech, realized the unity stuff didn't get applause.


We went back to throwing them the red meat. And it's the same thing at all these events, right? He gets up there, he does the egg prices or whatever, or gas prices, whatever else. And the rabid crowd of maga people in the room don't cheer for that. They cheer for, they're, they don't, they're not showing up for that, right? They're showing up for the old hits. They're showing up for the, the, the shtick and, but the audience is not people in the room. The audience is the people who are watching the coverage of what he's saying. And he can't separate those two things in his head. 'cause he wants the applause too much. The other thing, when I was talking to Pluff, you know, he said that, that Trump is at 46 in some of these battleground states.


He's as high as 48 in some other battleground states. But it makes me think that like he's not really gaining a lot of vote share here. And his vote share has been relatively stable this entire race. Even with all that's happened survives an assassination attempt. Convicted felon wins the debate with Biden. Like Biden went up and down and then down and then Kamala Harris went up. But like Donald Trump has stayed steady. So how do you win if you're between 46 and 48% of the vote? Well, you try to peel off some of her voters and either have them go third party or have them stay home and you do that by just a scorched earth campaign where you say as much crazy shit about her as possible.


It seems like that's, that's his path is that like she if, 'cause if she consolidates enough vote where she's getting 48, 49 50 in these states, he's, he can't win. That's right. There is scorched earth and then there is strategic attacks that actually peel off voters, right? Right. He's just throwing all the shit against the wall. And once again, he is judging success or failure based on the applause of people who would lie down in moving traffic for him. Not on the voter civil side election. Like if you're trying to like who is the, the soft Kamala Harris voter who's gonna listen to the stuff Trump just said and move away from her based on that? No. Some of the stuff they have on air about immigration, right?


In the economy, that's a different deal. But Trump, there's a real gap between what Trump's saying and, and what's in the paid media. And I mean and what in frankly the presidential campaign. What the candidate says in the broader social media media conversation is way more important than the ads. And until those get in alignment, he's in trouble, I think.


Okay, two quick things before we go to break big news. The very first episode of Assembly Required with Stacey Abrams is out now. Stacey Abrams, Crooked Media amazing podcast. Amazing. We Lovett on assembly required Stacey's breaking down the most complex issues in American politics and asking how did we get here? What obstacles lie ahead and what can we do to make the kind of change we wanna see? The first episode is all about how the electoral college sucks and it spotlights the activists working on ways to counteract its power, including with rank choice voting. If you are looking for a Pod that makes your political conversation smarter and keeps you motivated for the long haul and you love listening to Stacey Abrams and who doesn't, this is your Pod. You're gonna Lovett new episodes drop on Thursdays, You can follow and listen to Assembly Required with Stacey Abrams right now, wherever you get your podcast. Take a second right now. Go find Stacey Abrams podcast, click on it, save it for later. Remind yourself to go listen to it, follow it, rate it, it's gonna be great


All, right? Also, speaking of the convention or reminder that we will be doing a reaction show every night from Chicago, but we're also gonna do a ton of great stuff just for friends of the Pod subscribers. We'll have lots of behind the scenes content and community events, including a DNC live chat for subscribers and a new subscriber exclusive segment featuring Lovett, Tommy and Dan, not me. I don't need, like I am learning about this in real time. What's fuck's my name? What? That's fine. What are we doing? And? I Don't know, I guess I'm not doing anythings. Keep reading. Let's learn. And of course if Oh, that's it, that's all we got. If you subscribe, you get all four of next week shows ad free. Isn't that nice? Isn't that nice?


Head to crooked.com/friends to sign up now and you'll find out what, what the content is, I guess, right When Dan does Right, whatever time it takes to edit it and put it up. That's the, that's the only, that's the only Head Start I'll have


Save America is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online with Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine, A next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagined drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. With Squarespace email campaigns, You can drive sales and engage your audience easily collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus, use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. We love Squarespace. We've used it before here at cricut. It helps you make websites very easily. You don't have to be an engineer, you don't have to know code right out of the box. you just make a website and it looks great and it is very helpful and an easy product to use. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Magic Spoon. As a kid, everyone always loved eating cereal, but as an adult you don't want all that sugar and most cereals don't give you the protein you need. Introducing Magic Spoon, A Nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like your childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. Every serving of Magic Spoon Cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs. So You can feel good about what you're eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa and there's so many more. And if you're already a magic spoon fan, magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and will become your favorite before and after Gym snack. I had two bowls of Magic Spoon cereal this morning. I had one of those magic spoon treat bars last night. I love Magic Spoon. I have a subscription to Magic Spoon, so it comes to my house once a month. That's, that's what a fan I am. I'm, I'm just, this is a I product I would eat even if I wasn't selling it on this podcast. Get $5 off your next order at magic spoon.com/crooked or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/crooked For $5 off Magic Spoon, hold onto the dream


Pod Save America is brought to you by Sling TV when it comes to live tv. Sling puts you in charge. Sling has the live sports news and entertainment channels you love and less of the ones you don't. So you save hundreds on TV and can finally buy that boat you've always wanted. Hmm, sling lets you choose and customize your channel lineup so it's unique to you. Plus pause your subscription when your QB has a season ending injury and still get 500 channels for free with sling free stream. No, it's not your birthday, it's sling. Choose and customize your channel lineup or watch for free Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started.


So you might be wondering who could possibly get Trump back on message. Well we got our answer today. Corey Lewandowski Trump's 2016 campaign manager who's been fired twice from Trump World once in June of the 2016 campaign after he was charged with misdemeanor battery for grabbing a reporter. And then he was fired again from a pro-Trump Super Pac in 2021 when he was accused by a top Trump donor's wife of making unwanted sexual advances towards her. Now he's back on his senior advisor and Trump's also bringing back an array of other goons from past campaigns and other parts of his life. Always a good sign, right? How do you think this is gonna work?


I think, look, what could possibly go wrong is what I would say what could possibly go wrong. This is the sort of like, these are comfort items for Trump, right? He's, he's feeling at sea, he needs his blankie. Corey Mendoki is his blankie and it's a way, this is the thing that clearly Claire Vidan and Susie Wees are giving to Trump to preserve their role in the campaign, right? There are people calling for their heads. Trump has never gone this long without really firing a campaign manager of sorts. So this is addition instead of subtraction and hopeful. I'm sure they're gonna continually give Corey Le Wadowski the wrong passcode to the zoom for the meetings, you know, and maybe he'll, maybe he'll fly on the Plane with Trump like we did to you this morning, but Like you did to me this morning.


Exactly. Yeah. I mean, look, you have a campaign like that and you start adding people, especially people from the past who were f who were fired, Never. Yeah. It's not great management style. It's Never, it's never a great sign. So we're heading into the D NNC next week, which will be, you know, wall to wall coverage of Democrats message. What is Trump's next opportunity to change the narrative here? Like what is the, what do you if, if you're trying to be strategic on that campaign, what do you do? You probably kinda wind trump down, maybe do head send him to some battleground states. There were some lighter type Stuff. Some horse izer Only show him live at his media diet. Probably. No, I think you probably are looking at the con at the first debate on September 10th.


'cause you're going convention to Labor Day weekend to start a school. And you have to nail that debate if you're Trump like that is, if he goes there and he gets his ass kicked, that's a huge problem for him. And they are probably guessing that since the, the media's already sort of getting antsy and tired of the, like Kamala's, you know, joyful campaign is surging narrative. She's gonna sit down for an interview at some point. She's gonna take questions, they're gonna want a real race. And then if, you know, if that happens around the debate and then they can argue that, you know, he didn't do horrible at the debate or he won the debate, then maybe they can change things. And You can see that through the beginnings of that strategy in the statement today.


Like originally it was billed as just, he's gonna talk about inflation, but he sort of unloaded the APO file on Kamala Harris and he just did every single position she's ever changed on every position she took. That's too liberal. All of that stuff. He just, he did it all today. So I guess that's a preview of what they're gonna do. And, I, I guess a couple things they would do. One is wait for her to potentially make a mistake. She has been, she has not made one to date. Maybe one happens in an interview or some on the trail so You can see something 'cause the press is bored of this. And then there is always this thing with poll numbers where the press reads them in the context of the narrative they're currently saying. So right now it's like Kamala Harris is surging, right?


She's got all the momentum and that is true. She's sing momentum. But You can also look at the polls and say, after all of that, she only has a one point lead in the national polls. Right? Right. Or she's tied, you know, she's doesn't, she's not a ha the trump, the they're gonna look at this, get past the convention, maybe she'll get a little bump in the convention. It's typically three points and pretty fleeting historically. And we'll give you heading into debate. You can just see the press like Trump made it through all of that and he's still only down two points. Yeah. And then the narrative shifts, right? And then the pressure's on her and the debate and everyone. Yeah, that's, that's, that's what they're hoping for. Okay. While Trump flails and Republicans complain, Democrats, they're just in such array.


We are just, we are crushing it. Thursday in Maryland, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden held an event together, their first joint appearance since Biden stepped down from the race. The event was notable for two things. One, Harris and Biden driving a clear message on an incredibly popular policy. Imagine that. Two, the amount of love in the room for Joe Biden and the feeling of ease between him and Harris. Let's listen to a clip. We finally addressed the longstanding issue that for years was one of the biggest challenges on this subject, which was that Medicare was prohibited by law from negotiating lower drug prices. And those costs then got passed on to our seniors, but not anymore Folks.


I have an incredible partner, the progress we made, she's gonna make one hell of a president. And of course I could speak all afternoon about the person that I am standing on this stage with. Let's start with the, the vibes. What'd you think of the vibes? It was, it was Joe Biden seemed happy. Kamala Harris seemed happy. The crowd was loving it. That's great. I would say I, when I saw this on the calendar and then I saw this on the calendar on a day that we were podcasting with an event happening right before we podcast, I dreaded this. I felt like maybe it was gonna be awkward or strange or tension filled and it was none of the above. It was awesome. No, you know what? 'cause 'cause we weren't there. That's what Speak for yourself.


I would've been there in full sport. Well, I thought it was great. I mean the president really did seem unburdened. Yes. Like he wasn't, he was Touting he was having fun. He was, he was, he was cracking jokes, having a Good time. Donald Dump. Good joke there. I don't know what that was, but yeah, sure. Great. And also more importantly, incredible accomplishment. Yes. Now, like the top 10 drugs under Medicare now, much cheaper. Truly one of the most popular policies anyone has ever passed. You know, I just saw a pull from the folks at Blueprint, which said that 70% of people thought that this policy was good, but also 70% of people thought this policy would affect themselves or people and their family, right?


Like you hear all kinds of people like, I love this place, it's great, but it would never affect me. Here's one that everyone thinks is going to help them. And that's just, it's a huge accomplishment. It's a huge political winner. It was great to see them talking about it. It was great to see the chem, the that easy. Chemistry is still there with them. It, it was just great. The whole thing was great. There are certain policies the Democrats have loved forever and talked about forever. And they also happened to poll really well. And one of them has always been, we're gonna have Medicare negotiate for cheaper drug prices and we're gonna take on the drug companies to make sure that people, and, and especially seniors on Medicare, don't have to pay too much for their prescriptions. And for years and years couldn't get it done.


And in the Inflation Reduction Act, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris got it done. And you know, they, Biden talked a lot in the campaign about capping insulin at $35. There's other drugs aside from insulin that a lot of people count on. They were way too expensive and now they're gonna be able to afford them because of this. It is a, it is a huge accomplishment. And you know, we don't talk a lot of policy here, but we should, people should be pretty, pretty proud of that accomplishment and it's gonna really make a difference in people's lives. The conventional wisdom is that like Harris doesn't wanna be like tied too closely to the, the Biden administration because Biden's approval ratings were, were quite low for most of the campaign. But what it didn't, it doesn't seem, this seems to be an example of why being tied to the Biden administration and specifically the Biden administration's accomplishments could be quite a good thing for her.


Do you know who's newly popular again? Joe Biden. Joe Biden his, Well everyone's approval rating is up. Harris is Biden's Trumps Yeah. His approval rating is, favorite ratings have gone up since he made his decision. He's obviously become a less polarizing figure. Democrats who, even if they love the president personally, were had concerns about him running, they now will tell pollsters they like him. It is a tricky dance for her because she does not wanna be the incumbent in this race. She's actually managed to make Trump the incumbent. He is the past, he has status quo, she has changed. But there are these really important things they've done, which And I thought this was smart about the way they did this in this event is here's the thing we did, and here this is proof positive that we're gonna do similar things and we take on powerful special interests in the future.


And so this was the right tone for doing it. And just all over, you know, Biden, when he was on his CBS interview over the weekend, talked about how he had talked to Governor Shapiro about doing a tour of Pennsylvania at some point with him to campaign for Harris and the Democratic ticket. And there are voters that Biden can be helpful with Harris like When. you look at the polling she has gained with the whole younger voters, black voters, Latino voters, but she has lost some with older white voters. And Biden can be helpful with that. Yeah, no, he definitely can. And to your point about here's some great stuff we did. We took on powerful interests, brought down costs for people, and now she's gonna do more in the future.


That future is today where she is delivering a major economic policy speech. I, unlike Trump, I think she's actually gonna probably give the speech, she, according to Politico, the focus of the speech is gonna be a federal ban on price gouging and other actions shall take in her first a hundred days to lower the cost of groceries and other everyday expenses. She will also reportedly call for the construction of 3 million housing units by offering tax incentives for builders that contract properties for first time home buyers. What do you think of that? What do you think of those policies? Lovett? Lovett, it's, I feel like I was listening to a podcast recently that maybe they suggested this would be a, a good idea to do these economic speech right before the convention.


Was it hack on tap? Well, I listen to hack on tap. I took that idea I brought to you. No, I mean obviously they did not get this idea from our, our podcast. I'll be very clear about that. But this is, I think this is very smart because the, I can get to the politics and the policy in a second here, but just she has this tremendous burden that she's been running for a month. She about to give her convention speech. A normal candidate at this point who had not just started a month before the convention would've given 12 economic speeches over the course of the primary and the general election already. And you don't want your convention speech to be the state of the union or just like a laundry list of policy. So by doing this now, and it's a really, I would say, unfair burden to put on their speech writers to have to write this speech during the convention.


But this is gonna make it easier to give a convention speech that tells her story in the context of values not policy. So I think it's great they're doing it. These are the right policies. These are popular policies. It's very, it's very smart and it's like really stark contrast, the absurdity we just saw with Trump today. It's also, she, she's addressing the top issues on voters' minds. And we were just talking about like tying her, you know, Kamala Harris tying herself too closely to Biden or not, or what did she do? The number one concern about Biden was his age. That was like the number one driver of his low approval rating and the fact that people, you know, did not want this Trump Biden rematch. And they weren't sure that they wanted to vote for Joe Biden for another four years.


And then the only other driver, I think significant driver of his approval rating was concerns about lingering high prices from inflation and, and costs. And that he had not done enough about that even though he, you know, gave us the strongest recovery of any other country since Covid. But like prices are still high. And so that is what on people's minds and on that issue, if she just focuses on her plans to lower costs for people and goes around saying, you know, look, people were struggling with high costs even before the pandemic sent inflation soaring. And it's been like this for decades. And you know, we've made progress and President Obama made progress with the Affordable Care Act and Joe Biden made progress and, and and, and we made progress in the White House by bringing down the cost of prescription drugs and energy and the TA child tax credits.


But now I gotta do more to bring down costs for everyone. And so I'm going to bring down the cost of groceries. I'm gonna bring down the cost of housing. Look, I, in ev every focus group I did for the wilderness in 2022, every single, I'm like a broken record on this. Every single demographic everywhere I went, open-ended question, what are you worried about? It's not that people said the word inflation or high cost housing. Housing was the first thing. The the cost of housing is the, is the biggest challenge for people. And it is not a topic that politicians have necessarily talked about a lot, or at least it's not been central to the national debate over the last decade, maybe maybe since the, since we had the housing crisis around the Great Recession.


And so coming out by, you know, talking about building new houses and incentives and stuff like that, it's a state and local issue. It's not just a national issue, but the federal government has a role here. And the fact that she's now, like, now her big plans, her big economic plans are to lower the price of groceries, drugs, healthcare, and housing. I mean, it's, it's great. It's great and it's a, it's very popular. And I think it's gonna be a great message to run on. And just in breaking news here, the Wall Street Journal's now reporting that tomorrow Kamala Harris is gonna propose a $25,000 in down payment support for first time home buyers. Wow. That's even, that's great. That's Great. Obviously we, we don't speak, we can't speak to the full substance of policy. I, we, we know her economic advisors, I'm sure it's great, but from a political perspective, from a narrative perspective, this is right on the money Also.


She's running against a former slumlord. Yes, Donald Trump. Donald Trump has screwed people out of their housing for forever. He has cheated people, homeowners for a long, long time. So it's a great contrast.


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Hey listeners, you may not know this, but Cricut has been around for over seven years. That's a lot of political stories and interviews, commentary and opportunities for action. And I can't believe how much we've grown. We started crooked in 2017 in addition to John Tommy, And I. There were three more people around sitting around my kitchen table. I think there were six of us all together. That was the company. We opened a bank account, put $25 into it, and that was, that was Crooked. Media. Now we have, I don't even know how many employees. I think we're, we're pushing a hundred and we have have grown this business and have this wonderful community and wonderful audience. And you know what we used ZipRecruiter to get a lot of, to get a lot of our employees because it helps you sift through resumes with some really great technology so that it can be a lot easier to hire because hiring is difficult in our experience, the best place to find and hire the most brilliant people is ZipRecruiter. In fact, we've got a few jobs posted on ZipRecruiter right now, like producer, producer, art director, and research associate. If your business is growing and you want the best people working for you, use ZipRecruiter. It's powerful. Matching technology finds qualified candidates for your roles fast. And today You can try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Once again, that ziprecruiter.com/crooked.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love Made In Cookware As, a chef and a restaurant owner. I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform, it's crafted to last. As a mom I love that I can trust made in it's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson, And I Use maiden cookware, shop chef quality pots and pans at Maiden Cookware dot com.


I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. We've got a new miniseries for you called, not Built for this. The series is about climate change, but not in the way you might think. It's about how the complex systems that govern our lives are not designed for the tectonic changes that are coming our way. Because right now we're all living in a world that was just not built for this You can find not built for this in the 99% Invisible feed on SiriusXM Pandora or wherever you get your podcasts. Don't forget to follow 99 PI So you never miss an episode


All. right? So if you've noticed that the last we heard from RFK Junior was when he was talking to Roseanne about dumping a dead bear cub, he had planned to eat in Central Park. You're not alone. It seems like he, he might at least be considering a way out of his campaign. According to Kennedy campaign officials RFK Jr has approached the Harris campaign about meeting with her and also the possibility of dropping out and endorsing her if she'll give him a job in the administration. It seems like he has not been able to secure that meeting yet. Doesn't seem like the Harris folks have gotten back to him. Doesn't, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say, I don't think they're gonna give him a job in the administration.


Kennedy himself threw cold water on this idea after it was reported in the Washington Post. He wrote a tweet on Wednesday night that said VP Harris's Democratic Party would be unrecognizable to my father and Uncle And I cannot reconcile it with my values. And he ended it with, I have no plans to endorse Kamala Harris for president. I do have a plan to defeat her. Sure. Worth noting. RFK Junior also met with Donald Trump in Milwaukee during the RNC and might have made a similar offer to him. JD Vance got in on the action today urging RFK Jr to endorse Trump saying they have similar views on quote unquote medical freedom and not starting stupid wars. What do you think's going on here with RFK Jr?


Dan? Well, I would say that RFK Jr is an example of the apple falling very far from the tree. I mean, it, it's the whole thing's absurd. He's mean, it, he will forever, in my mind, be defined by the bear, the dead Bear Cub video. Yeah. Just truly one of the most bizarre stories ever told. And even more bizarre that it was told on video and then released to the public To Roseanne. To Roseanne. Like How did that I don't wanna Yeah. On his, yeah. And the story's incredible. I could tell the story Forever. It's, I mean, the part where he goes to Peter Luger with the dead bear cup at his back, The falcon at the beginning. How come forget Falcon. I spent a lot of Time trying to upstate, Trying to figure out the geography of going from Peter Luger to Central Park to the airport.


I know, I've been very, yeah, it just, it doesn't make any, where was he going? Why was it a night flight? What was happening? I just don't understand any of it. And then there was the bear cub meat. Right? But that's, It's the soon to be eating Bear cub meat. He does have a plan in his defense to defeat Kamala Harris. And that plan is to be funded by Trump's biggest owners to take away two to 3% of her vote in a couple of battleground states and elect Donald Trump. That is his plan to defeat Kamala Harris. He has that plan. The problem for him in this is that his appeal, you know, and we saw this, I remember you And I both listened as we always do to Sarah Long Well's focus groups on RFK curious voters. And what they all said about him, whether they were former Biden supporters or former Trump supporters, Republicans or Democrats, was he was the anti politician, right.


That these guys are all corrupt and he was not. And here he is doing the single most corrupt thing You can possibly do in politics, which is like you have said, these people are terrible, they're war mongers and you're, but you're going to support them in exchange for a job And you've gone to both of them. Yes. That's the crazy, like, the idea that you're like, well, I'm gonna stand on principle and I'm a third party and I'm a new, I'm a brother of fresh air. And it's like, but I, I tried to get a job with Donald Trump and said I would drop out if he gave me a job. He said no. Then I went to Kamala Harris, I said, I'll drop out if you gimme a job. And she said no. So here I am. I'm gonna beat both of 'em now. Right. It's like, it's A one whatcha doing. It's one thing to like, if you're f you're like, you know, in the end I'm closer to Trump than I am to Harris or President Harrison Trump And, I'm gonna step aside for one of them, but to be willing to go with the highest bidder, is this the highest form of corruption?


And so if this story gets out and gets traction, And I, imagine getting, knowing the people we do who are working, I've been working at the DNC on this third party stuff. It is damaging with a lot of the voters that he had a shot with, which is not a ton of voters. And we can get to that in a sec, but it is enough, right? We know what the margins are in these battleground states and if he's getting a couple points, they gotta come from somewhere and the person they come more from is probably gonna lose the state. Yeah. Well this was supposed to be, you know, the year of third party candidates and you know, when Biden was in the race, it did seem like RFK Jr, Jill Stein, others were getting, you know, a, a bigger share of the vote than polls showed in 2020 at least. Was that overblown or, or did Biden dropping out?


Just change everything. It was changing before Biden dropped out. If you were watching the tracking and the polling averages, RFK Junior was at a high about six to eight months ago and had been coming down on sort of pla it's still at a, particularly at a high number for a third party candidate. Normally these candidates are getting one to 2% and he was getting five to seven or sometimes more. But what's changed is third party candidates do well when people are angry with both candidates. And we, we spent all this time spending a year talking with the double haters people who didn't like Biden or Trump. The double haters are gone. The numbers been cut by more than half since Biden dropped out. That's because Kamala Harris's approval ratings are much higher than Biden's. But also Trump's have gone up. And that's kind of why the third party share goes down over time because people sort of realign with their candidates, right?


You had all these Trump voters who maybe they weren't sure they were for Trump or they were voting for Trump, but they didn't really like him. But now the more the race gets polarized, the more they like their candidate. So there's just the lane in which a third party candidate can get a significant vote share has gone down. Now that does not mean this is still modeling like an incredibly close race. So if Jill Stein gets a point or two, Cornell West gets a point and RFK Junior gets two points, that four points would be decisive. Incredibly decisive. So it's still matters. Well, we were just talking about Trump at, you know, if Trump's at 48 in, in some of these states, if he could, you know, 47 or 48 and then three or four points go. Yeah. Then that becomes a tight rate. Yeah, He can 48, he can win at 48 because RFK Jr gonna be on the ballot in almost all the battleground states.


Yeah, Right. And Joe Stein is already on the ballot in a lot of these states. Yep. And then the, you got the libertarian candidate too. Yep. I don't remember his name, but he's out there Something. Oliver, Gary Oliver. Does that sound right? Nah, it's not Gary, but Oliver's right. All. right. This is Interesting. Let's just, let's just work this out here. All. right. Lastly, something fun before we go, the Harris campaign just posted just an incredibly charming YouTube video of, of Harris and Tim Walls getting to know each other. Here's the sampling. I Called you Sam, I was, Was hoping maybe we Wouldn't have to. I called you Tim. Yes. You didn't answer Tim. I know, I know the, what happened? The most important call of my life. It popped up and we didn't recognize the, the caller ID and it went to, it went to voicemail.


Hi, this is Tim. I'm not able to Answer. There you go. Thank You. Hey Tim, it's comm. I really wanna talk to you, talk about how Prince was with that guitar man. I almost know by heart every one of those songs. I, I feel like a trip to Paisley Park is going to happen here if the staff, It's, it's on my bucket list. I'll tell you that. I have white guy tacos and what is that Like mayonnaise and tuna. What are you doing? Pretty Much ground beef and cheese. And that's Okay. Do you put any flavor in It? No. Oh, here's the deal. No, I just love how she was so disappointed. Oh, you didn't put any flavor.


Where do you rank a video like this on the impact scale compared to like a rally or an ad? It seems like the kind of thing that a lot of people, maybe people who aren't political junkies like us would share because it's just like two normal people having a good time laughing with each other. It's kind of nice. It's great. It's so much more valuable than a single ad or even a rally because it's gonna, especially like in a world of TikTok, it's just gonna be there for a long time. It's gonna circulate. People are gonna see it. They seem like normal humans. Kamala Harris is Tim. Tim. We know Tim Wallace is great in this scenario is he's been posting, you know, we've all seen them now amazing videos for years now. I mean, the video of Tim Wallace's daughter telling him that Turkey is meat is still one of the greatest videos of all time. Yeah, It's Great. Or the one where they're doing the hands free at PSA ad, which is also superb.


Like he's very good in this. Kamala Harris is great at this stuff. She was, I mean, do you remember the v the video that she did cooking with Indian food with Mindy Kaling? Yes. So like superb. Right? Superb. We haven't Seen a lot. The Trump, the Trump later tweeted Yeah. Thinking it was to prove, To prove that she's not black. Yeah, that's what, yeah, I remember that. And so this is like, this is like, shows him as people, like we just listened to Trump spent, try to treat her as this radical communist who's stupid and mean and all of this. And here she's just being a normal human being, have a normal conversation with a number normal human being. It's, it really is gold. Like this is the people want, this is relatable. This stuff defangs the caricature when they see it. And I.


I Lovett. Speaking of relatable, what do you think was going on with, with Tim Wall missing the call? I said she, she, he's, he's getting the call, the most important call of his life. Could you, would you serve as my vice president? And because it's a blocked number, he just, it just goes right to voicemail. It's inexcusable, frankly. Inexcusable. And I say that I am someone who never answers the phone. Yeah. You call, I don't talk on the phone. You call me on the phone. I don't answer when Emily calls me on the phone. I think it's an emergency. My parents do and certainly numbers I don't recognize or block numbers. I don't answer those. So I don't, I mean, I, I understand that.


But if you know that okay, she's probably calling the winner of the Veep stakes today, then I turn on the ringer and I'd start looking at the phone and I'd just pick up any number. If You knew you were the finalist to win Powerball and you were gonna get, get a call the next morning one way or the other to find out if you had won Powerball. You're answering the phone no matter what the number says, it could say spam risk on it. And you would answer that phone like what's the, like what is the worst case scenario? He answers that, it turns out to be a scam and he hangs up on the person. He just says bye and then waits for the next call. Like absurd. Also did he, did he think that the call was gonna come through and just say like, it's Kamala Harris?


I mean obviously he's, he's talked to, it's so funny. It's really funny. It's really like, I get, there is like a, I remember when we were in the White House, like you get those calls and it was like, it's, it's the, it's the president and it's like a blocked number or it's the two, whatever. and it like, yeah, it's, it is very scary. When, you were awaiting a call from an important person, but like, you just gotta do it. You gotta pick up, You know when it's really scary when you're not awaiting a call from an important person and that Phone rings that. No, that's, yes, you're right. That is, that is, that is the story. That's When. you know, something's gone. You're in trouble and your night is over. When you, whatever you were doing, When, you were at a, yeah, exactly. Like when I was at, I was at Lollapalooza in 2007 during the campaign, And I thought that the speech was locked, that our energy speech was locked because he, Barack Obama said, we're all done.


I have no more edits. And then right in the middle of the concert, on my phone there, you guys, cause I wanna rewrite the speech. Well look in defense of you people have been talking about that speech for the 15 years since everyone remembers the, the energy speech. That's what I don't remember anything about it. Tacos. Look, I'm a white guy. I put, I put seasoning on my tacos. I put, do you like spice? What's white? White guy? Tacos. Come on Tim. I think there, so there's a couple ways to look at this. One, this the no seasoning thing, also inexcusable, right? They give you a packet in the taco kit. Tim put it In there. That's what makes tacos so good. Yes. That's called taco seasoning. Otherwise, otherwise You're just eating fucking hamburger. You're Eating a hamburger without the helper in a tortilla chip.


That's, but I will say in Tim's defense, I have to say this carefully. As someone who has now lived in California for nine years and is married to someone from the Bay Area who takes her Mexican food incredibly seriously. I have no objection to a crispy shell taco. No, I don't do Is that a is Oh, 'cause that, that, That's, that's, that is one of the key ingredients of a white guy taco or a white person. Taco is crispy. Shell taco like comes in the taco kit as opposed to Oh, A Corn Tortilla. I also like a crispy shell taco. Yeah. I mean, look, it's not a, it is not a traditional taco. I, I have to say that if I want to be able to return to my home later tonight, but, but I will not.


If you want to give me a crispy shell taco with some ground beef with seasoning Tim walls, some lettuce and some cheese. I'll eat that. That's delicious. But also medium to hot salsa jalapeno. Oh, spice For sure. Put it spice. Yes, for sure. For Sure. It is funny, it's She and, and apparently Kamala Harris really likes spicy food and she should really go on hot ones. I mean, I think that's, I have such, I have, I mean the current podcast aside, I have such a list of great podcasts for Kamala Harris to do that. I just wanna see, and Hot Ones is one of them. There Is a part she, I think she has, I think she can be able to hang on that for Sure. I absolutely, I there is a funny part in that video that is not in our super cut where he says that the black pepper is the pinnacle of spice in Minnesota.


Which is very funny. That is very funny. It is very funny. All, right. Well that's our cha for today. We will be back on Monday, the two of us, and Lovett and Tommy in Chicago for the very first DNC reaction show. We'll be doing that Monday night. So that episode will be out on Tuesday. Get excited, Chicago, here we come. Have a good weekend everyone. We're gonna go to one of America's great cities and record podcasts. Can't wait. Bye. Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cr.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more.


Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, KIRO Aviv, and David Toles.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love Made In, Cookware As, a chef and a restaurant owner. I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom. I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson, And I Use maiden cookware, shop chef quality pots and pans at Maiden Cookware dot com.


I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. We've got a new mini series for you called, not Built for this. The series is about climate change, but not in the way you might think. It's about how the complex systems that govern our lives are not designed for the tectonic changes that are coming our way. Because right now we're all living in a world that was just not built for this You can find not built for this in the 99% Invisible feed on SiriusXM, Pandora or wherever you get your podcasts. Don't forget to follow nine nine PI, so you never miss an episode.