
No matter what happens to your phone this holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands, and get a wonderful new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on Unlimited, ultimate, and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry to Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required for iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. Trade in in additional terms. Apply to Verizon com for details. Apple Intelligence available now.


Today's presented sponsor is Simply safe Home Security. It's finally Black Friday and there's no better time to finally secure your home with SimpliSafe. We've talked about Simply safe on the podcast for years. Now is the time to secure SimpliSafe massive 60% off Black Friday deal. But you need to act fast and claim your discount today. Love it. Has SimpliSafe, right? You bet. And What was it like? Set it up how quickly. Really easy to set it up. You can just customize it to your space, you know, for all your windows and your doors, your seller doors, your bay windows. Don't forget the Bay windows, Your if you have them, garage doors, all kinds of things. All Kinds of things. And then it's works and you just set it up. And then the app is great. You just can really rely on the app. It's a really good app. But then the customer service really recommend that. Really good customer service Simply saves active guard. outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it even happens. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see them in real time, talk to them directly, set off your spotlights, and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. Plus, there's no long-term contracts, no cancellation fees, and it's around a dollar a day. For all this protection, Simply safe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. This week only you can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. Welcome to our annual Thanksgiving Mailbag. You know, it's a, it's a tradition here at Pod Save America. We pulled a lot of these questions from our subscriber Discord this year, which reminds me, we're currently offering 25% off new annual subscriptions to friends of the pod. That's a deal, gets you access to bonus Pods, ad free Pod, Save America episodes and more. You can sign up at crooked.com/friends. Also, check out this week's pod Save the World featuring Malala. Yeah, You got Malala. We got her. Ben sat down with her a couple weeks ago. She's a, an executive producer on a film that's coming out about Afghanistan that's supposed to be incredibly good. She also talks about what happened when the Taliban took back Afghanistan in 2021, including her perspective on the fall of Kabul and the women's protest movement that followed.


We just kind a joke about Malala. Second one you've made this year. You made one in the book. Yeah, Let's leave that one in and then keep going. All Right. Thanks to everyone who's sending in questions. Let's get into it. Subscriber Ian on our discord asks, I'm on the left end of the spectrum, but I'm a Democrat because I have long believed that this party was the best viable option to quote hitch my wagon to, so to speak, after this election. Why is the Democratic Party still worth my time and energy? Ian? Anyone wanna take this one first? Yeah, I mean, I guess if Ian moved to the UK or somewhere when there's, oh hey Pundit, where there's a bunch of parties that, that span the ideological spectrum.


I could imagine thinking about this a little differently, but in the US we have a two party system, for better, for worse, they haven't really figured out a viable path for an alternative. And so, you know, in practice your choices are, you know, engage in the Democratic party and make it better or don't. And I choose engagement even when I feel depressed about it. There you go. Yeah, I mean there's, there are reforms like rank choice, voting that may open the door to other parties. There are local races where you can fight for a candidate of another party. I think our job is to try in every election, to get ourselves to the best choice possible and then make the choice in front of us at the national level. That's the Democratic party.


And our job is to fight for a democratic party that can do the most good. And part of what it takes to do the most good is to win elections. And we have to do both. And it's hard and it requires nuance. It requires being receptive to all kinds of people to be open to questioning your priors and to be understanding of people you disagree with. But that's, that's the job we have to do now. I'd just say like, I don't think anyone should feel that they owe any political party their time and energy. I do think politics is worth our time and energy because whether we like it or not, politics affects us for for good or bad time's. Absolutely. Right.


Like you can, you can try building a third party if you want, like you're free to do that. The, the structural incentives in our political system away heavily against a third party succeeding. Very difficult. But you can try that. And I think part of the work of engaging is like you can work to change the party, support democratic politicians who are closer to your views and most importantly recognize that like political parties exist to win elections, which means that they try to reflect the views of a majority of voters. And if you're frustrated that, that the Democratic party isn't progressive enough, the challenge isn't about persuading the official party so much as it's about persuading a majority of voters to move closer to where you are.


And I think there's a, I mean, it's easy because the Democratic party is like the official, that's the party, that's the establishment. Democratic politicians represent it. And look, you can always pressure politicians and parties to, to change, but the reason they have the position is because they think, oh, this is where most people are. Yeah. Look, The Democratic party can't defy gravity. You know, we have to hold some space that we could be wrong and that it, that could evolve. And I know you know this. Love it. 'cause you've been here. He's Queer media. I am, I am. And actually, as long as I'm at this table, so are you two the No, I, I, I do think also like part of the challenge, we'll talk about this with with other specific issues, but part of the challenge is like voters are not looking at a Democrat as a series of positions.


And actually there are ways in which I think sometimes we lose sight of the fact that a politician sometimes has the space to push forward and be more progressive than the electorate when they have the trust of the electorate on a bunch of other issues. And that really matters, right? And I think right now we have, we have lost that trust in a kind of broad way. and it makes it very difficult is right. It's why we're having a bunch of kind of ultimately like debates about whether it's trans issues or immigration that feel like deeply unsatisfying. Because I think part of it is that like there's a, there's a a need to kind of step back and figure out like how do we build trust with people in a broader way so that they trust us when we wanna talk about difficult subjects where they may not agree Right now, I don't think Democrats have the space to dance through life as it were.


Yeah, I mean, I think perceptions of political parties are combination of the positions that the politicians take, what they choose to talk about, and importantly how they choose to talk about it and the how there is much more nuanced. And that, that's what is, I think, getting lost in a lot of this. All right. Subscriber Jessica on Discord asks, I'm trans and I'm really worried about the ability of the Democratic party to win while keeping me in mind. I would vote for them if they go quiet about trans issues, but do you think that they could turn against us or just stay silent as we lose our rights? If so, what can I practically do? Or am I shit outta luck? So I'm very sorry that this person feels as though that's where we're at.


I think that sucks. I think it sucks that we just went through a huge loss in which we lost voters for a lot of reasons. A broad swath of the electorate, different kinds of people from different walks of life and different experiences. And it's been in some debates, like boiled down to, oh, Democrats need to moderate on the trans trans the trans issue in quotes, or that trans people need to go under the bus because there was a super PAC that had an ad that used a statement and a position that Kamala Harris took in 2020 to paint her as extreme and out of touch. An issue that has basically nothing to do with what the experience of day-to-day life for a trans person in America is now a stand in for the trans issue.


And so I think first of all, just that is a stupid way to have this conversation that is a stupid, like, are Democrats gonna throw trans people under the bus? I I certainly hope not. I don't believe that that will happen. It should not happen. It is both like, obviously toxic, like, like a terrible thing to do, but also just politically stupid. It's like we just, like the Titanic is sinking and it's like, I think we should paint it. I think we should probably paint it a different color. I think that if it looked like maybe if it was like, if it looked like an iceberg, I think that's stupid. But, but beyond that, like I, I think the, the, the truth is sometimes, especially when people wanna blame identity politics for an issue, they blame either activists or left Democrats who they find annoying anyway for what is actually a media creation by the right.


Like, you look at what just happened in the past week, why are we talking about trans bathrooms? It is not because Democrats decided to have a debate about trans bathrooms. 'cause Nancy May saw an opportunity to raise money by scapegoating one member of Congress at the expense of trans people everywhere and their safety. And we have to respond. And so the question is how do you respond? You can't just ignore it because then you look weak. And also you are not standing up for people that deserve a champion. You look at what a OC says and you say, all right, that's a path to not only respond, but also respond in a way that makes an argument that will be s that will hopefully resonate with a lot of people without being defensive and without acting as if the way you win people back who you've lost is by capitulating, like a core moral belief about tolerance and acceptance and the rights of people to live as they will.


So I think that is instructive about the politics. I just wanna like level set with what we actually have heard and seen so far. A big part of it, as you just mentioned, obviously in the Sarah McBride situation is like right winging politicians right wing media, making it a thing. Sometimes it's mainstream media, like realizing that covering the fight that's going on is a can, you know, get more attention. And then I also think that that there's like, there's some people who just defaulted to, oh, Democrats wanna throw trans people under the bus. And I haven't seen any democrats say that or suggest that at all. Right? There's two things that we're basically talking about since the election. One is Seth Moton and a few others who have raised the issue of trans people competing in certain sports at certain levels.


And then there's the ad, right? Which was again, government funded gender affirming surgery for immigrants who are in detention for illegally crossing the border. That's, that's the only, that's the thing, right? And so people have either debated that ad or criticized Seth or said yet maybe he has a point. And that's it. And I have not, I am not aware of any other Democrat who has said we should compromise on any other like, like gender affirming care, basic rights protections or anything like that. Maybe I'm wrong. I think there's Like a, i I think that's that's true about elected democrats. I think there is like a kind of, I don't know, a pundit debate about have, are Democrats lost the mainstream on this issue? There's op-eds, there's debate, there's noise on social media, which obviously yeah, we get Democrats get blamed for all the time.


But I think, I'm sure that that is what this person, Right, I'm just, I haven't seen a policy proposal from a democrat or even a democratic pundit that's like, we should ban gender affirming care. We should ban or we should ban. No, of course not for children or protections or rights or anything like that. No. And actually I talked to Liz Smith about this last week on the show. There's a bunch of democrats recently that actually successfully ran against Republican overreach on a lot of these issues. And I think you can make a compelling argument that's libertarian in a lot of ways about staying the fuck out of people's yes. Medical decisions and out of their lives and, and, and never allowing for discrimination in the workplace or in housing or in anywhere else. I think what people are talk, what Seth Molten I think is trying to get at is there needs to be a more honest and open conversation about fairness in sports.


And the solution to that question is not gonna be one size fits all, fits all. It's not gonna be the same policies for college kids that you have for 11 year olds. And those are probably gonna be sorted out in local communities and by local school districts, et cetera. But that we should also be very clear when we're debating about this, that what it would take to enforce some sort of draconian widespread ban blanket ban on transgender athletes is is what like spot genital inspections of, of 10-year-old kids. Is that what republicans are fighting for? So like that's the kind of a, that's the way you make the case against some of these policy ideas. Well, and again, like this, I think I mentioned this on one of these pods, but there's a great Vox piece after the election raising the question like, well, Biden had a policy that was like a compromise on sports.


And basically all these red states were trying to ban do an outright ban like Tommy just mentioned on, on transgender athletes competing in sports. And the Biden administration policy was no blanket bans are allowed prohibited. You can't do that. But individual schools can make exceptions for fairness and safety. And that has to depend on, a lot of that depends on the age of the person, right? And so like in most kids, 10 or under, like, that wouldn't apply, right? There's not an issue because there's not an issue or certain sports wouldn't apply, right? Because it doesn't, it's, it's not a safety issue there, right? Or it's not even a competition issue. And so that was the Biden proposal and then, then, you know, folks on the left got mad about it and folks on the right obviously got mad about it 'cause they just want bans and you know, no one talked about it.


They, they wanted the issue. The Republicans, one of the issue, I I like this does get back to like the trust issue too because it's like, you know, we have had trans visibility and acceptance in some quarters for a very short period of time, right? And we're in the middle of a backlash. And if, like, if what you had were Democrats out there saying everything about, my view on this issue is about making sure that trans kids feel as though they can live as themselves and that kids who are trans can play sports when they're growing up. And that trans teens can access the care that their parents and doctors approve and trans adults are treated fairly and that trans people feel safe to go to the public restrooms.


And like that trans people get to live full and rich lives. And by the way, not just tolerated, but celebrated for the diversity they bring to our world and the good that it does. And in order to get there, we are willing to entertain that there are some difficult questions around com competition at higher levels of comp of sports that, that we should reasonably like sort of talk about in recognition of the fact that that is a distraction from making sure trans people feel safe and supported and that there's growing acceptance instead of the back backsliding that we've seen. Like if that was where we were at, I would say, okay, great. But I think that's why it's like when, and I talked about this with Molten, like when someone like Seth Molten just sort of says, well, like I don't want a a trans kid running over my daughter playing sports, right?


It's hostile and you're targeting a tiny subset of the population and basically like, kind of, I don't know, like making this debate. Something like that sort of like in response to this election, which was a brought about by so many different factors after an election in which Donald Trump lost the last time and gave no quarter on fucking anything. Did you, I don't know if you talked to him about this, 'cause I haven't heard the interview yet, but did you see he did an interview with Rolling Stone where he said he's like, the New York Times called me up and didn't say like, what happened in the election, what went wrong? What did Democrats need to do? He's like, they specifically asked me about the issue with Trans Rights I it that way, and asked what I thought about sports.


Well he's like, and it became this thing. He's like, he's like, I've, you know, I've like sponsored and and voted for all this like, you know, pro Trans Rights legislation and I still think the, what he said, e even though it was in responsible question was like just the fucking off, worst way to say it. Yeah. I mean, you'll you'll hear it, you'll hear it before this came out. And what I said to him, I was like, he, I, he's like, we have tether bait and I I just said like you said it in a dickish way. He did. And then, and then he is like, well now that's the problem, right? People are policing how we say things. I was like, well I'm not, you're not a undecided voter, you're a member of Congress. People are holding you to higher standard anyway, you can listen to the conversation, but like, IIII hear that and I'm just, that, that I think is why I think sometimes people are like, wait a second, we just lost the country.


And, and we're talking about transports. Like that's where you went from here. It just feels like a side issue


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards, inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


No matter what happens to your phone this holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands, and get a wonderful new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on unlimited, ultimate and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry in to Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required for iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch trade in in additional terms, apply to Verizon dot com for details. Apple Intelligence available now.


Emmy Award winner Coleman Domingo returns to television in the Netflix Limited series. The Madness Domingo portrays a media pundit Muncie Daniels caught in a deadly conspiracy. He must fight for his innocence in his life after he stumbles upon a murder deep in the woods of the Poconos mountains and discovers he's the only witness to a crime as the walls close in Muncie strives to reconnect with his estranged family and his lost ideals in order to survive. Watch the madness. November 28th, only on Netflix


subscriber, Sam asks, do you believe Biden's legacy will be similar to that of LBJs AKA? He had a lot of good domestic policy, but the one thing people will remember him by is his foreign policy in parentheses Gaza failure. Tough question. Was That from you? Are you Saying that from Ben? From Ben. Ben? I, well, I mean, look, you guys know this. I, I believe that Gaza is and will continue to be a massive stain on Joe Biden's record. I don't know the, the LBJ comparison is not totally fair here. 'cause Joe Biden ended the war in Afghanistan, which no other president had the courage to do, which was the right thing to do unequivocally, in my view.


Obviously it hurt him politically because of the way the withdrawal was handled. And well, and also there's also I think, a fair argument that ending a 20 year war is always going to end really ugly and messy no matter what. And Joe Biden was just the one who, who did it. The harder question for Biden about his legacy though is not just Gaza. It's what happens to parts of it that Trump doesn't like. Is he gonna repeal the ira? Is he gonna repeal the chips act? I doubt he repeals the highway bill, but we'll see, Trump will almost certainly pull us out of the Paris Climate Accords that could go in concert with rolling back parts of the IRA he'll almost certainly cut off additional funding to the Ukrainians.


That doesn't mean he can force them to take a deal with Putin, but it seems like that's the path things are headed. So I don't know. I think, but I think that Gaza, it was an inexplicable policy decision six months ago, let alone the just unequivocal support for Netanyahu. Now I'll ne I'll never understand it. Me neither till the day I die. Yeah, I look, I think Joe Biden's more broadly, it's like I, I think we don't know and we don't know in part because we don't know how bad this next Trump term will be, but the, the fact that Joe Biden's term in which he wanted to restore the soul of the country and protect democracy is sandwiched by Donald Trump is, and, and that will be in part because Joe Biden did not step down and waited so long to step aside is right now the central story of his presidency.


And that's a shame because he did a lot of really great things. But, Well, and that's the other difference between him and LBJ. Because LBJ decided not to run and step down much earlier. Still wasn't enough for Humphrey, but An argument that was used to keep Joe Biden in the race for a year, about a year and a half. Right? But yeah, that's, that's a tough part. And just to clarify one thing, I mean, like early on the days after October 7th, of course like support for Israel was the right thing. Like I'm not, I'm not saying that every step along the way he's been wrong, but I mean they just utter inability to put any pressure on Netanyahu to save lives is is what I'm getting at. Yeah, because there's people who listen to the show and, you know, semi texts about how critical I am of Netanyahu and the war, and there's a lot of nuance to this, but I don't think nuances really required when you look at sort of the last few months and how clearly devastating this has become for the people in Gaza.


I Also found myself, especially when we were debating Joe Biden's age when Joe Biden was the candidate, that one thing that I found myself saying was, well, you can't point to me a place where Joe Biden's age prevented him from succeeding domestically, right? Like, like he did what we asked him to do. He passed more than anyone expect him to pass. He played his hand domestically as well as any president could have. And that was one of the reasons it was actually so hard to challenge him if he refused to step aside. But over the last year, the fact that he is such a terrible communicator when so much of what this has been about is communication has been like a really difficult part about it. And I'm, I I Don't think it's a communications issue. I think it it's a policy problem. Well, I Think it's both a, it's obviously it's a policy problem, but it's all like, I think one of the reasons, well Gaza Gaza's a policy problem, GA's, a policy Problem's, Just saying writ large.


Oh, Writ large. He's been such an ineffective communicator and I think Kamala paid dearly for the fact that we just didn't have somebody making an argument for the last year. And like that was like a terrible, a terrible cost. And, and, and that's his fault, Right? So I'll put you guys down for a top five, top 5% bid Co on Twitter asks, do you worry that we won't see the same energy behind the anti-Trump coalition as we did in 2017 going into 2025? Why don't you answer a couple of these? I mean, I think it'll, I think a lot of it depends on what Trump does and it depends on what form the energy takes. Like if Trump does what he promised to do during the campaign and the anti-Trump coalition reacts by like tuning outta politics altogether or just fighting with each other the whole time.


Yeah. Then I would worry, I also think the response to Trump may be different this time because we have learned what works and what doesn't. You know, like we, we have won a midterm when he's been president. We have beaten him in a presidential election. And I'd love to see, you know, another huge women's march in January. But if it's smaller than before, like that doesn't really worry me. If Trump tries to take away our healthcare again or enact a national abortion ban or order the military to shoot protestors and we don't organize and then like make noise and flood the streets in response to that. Yeah. Then I would worry. So some of it's just like lessons learned from having gone through this before and I could see some of those lessons just taking us in a different direction.


I would only worry if people just tune out altogether. Yeah. I mean I think we're sort of relying on the fact that like the hyper-engaged voters that we thought would deliver the presidency are the reason we had faith in them is because they showed up in 2018 and 2022. We're kind of counting on that. I do think in terms of 2028, I think one lesson of this race is counting on anti-Trump or anti-Republican fervor. It just will not be enough. And we need to have, And we're not running against him Again. And we're not running against him of course. But also, like, we just, we need to be excited about the vision of whoever we put forward and it, we just can't just, it, it has to, we need to, we need to, we need to look inward.


Tommy, I have a question for you from Zippy by day. Okay. Zippy by day, what are we doing? Also, subscriber ass. I'm beyond sick after 2024. The only thing worse is Dem still hitting me up for money. I feel like there's a culture issue with the d nnc, maybe politics in general, but how do we become the party that doesn't come off as fake? So is the money parts of the problem or the fakeness of the problem? Yeah, I was gonna say 'cause both could be problems. I think both, you know, The money stuff. I don't know who's who we take this up with you, you've been pitching Democrat Plus for a while where you just pay a flat fee and you don't get any more fundraising ads. I think that's worth, but yeah, the, the fundraising has gotten offensive and infuriating and it's not just like a people like us thing. It's like, you hear this from everyone, everyone.


You donate to one campaign and suddenly your, your contact information is sold on a list to every other interest group and it, it really does feel bad in a deeper way. That's a huge problem. Can we make it an issue in the DNC chair race? That's a good idea. Yeah, that's a good idea. We should do that. Yeah. I think it like speaks to something. It's like, it it like it speaks to kind of the Democratic Party's problem writ large too, which is like, like really good at doing something, doing the best version of something that sucks, like, like that. We're really good at that. Like let's figure out the best version of this thing that's not working and do it a hundred percent. And that's what we're doing with the fundraising. And I do think it speaks to like the fakeness, like, it's like, like how, like you're somebody that really cares about politics and you get a thousand texts.


It's like, it's Hakeem Jeffries. And if you don't do this, I will. I swear. I swear to God the things I'll do. I know Patriots, Especially the post-election ones are just fucking, that's just like a real, I have subscribe. How dare kick in The ass. I don't even know who these people are. Let's start naming names. No, let's not. All right. Another good one from subscriber. Jessica, I feel like we talk about supporting Left Media, but the thing is that the biggest right wing podcasts slash media are all quote not political. When you look at Dave Portnoy, I knew him as the guy who does pizza reviews and I knew Andrew Schultz as a decently funny comedian. How do we go about getting left aligned non-political media? I mean there's a couple pieces of this.


The first is something we've talked about a lot, which is that just the, the Democrats should not be attacked for going on shows. So, if you go on a Barstool show, if you go on Joe Rogan, you are not responsible for your interviewer's views. Obviously there's limits to this. We're not recommending that 2028 primary candidates go on the Daily Stormer or, or like, you know, or Even the Daily Wire. I mean the daily wires, that's actually fine. But I also think that there's another part of this that's a deeper problem, which was Joe Rogan and Dave Portnoy, the head of Barstow Sports Sports felt excited enough or proud enough of supporting Trump to talk about it publicly. And there were a lot of progressive Democrats in places of influence in media in particular who did not feel that way.


Part of that was Gaza. I think part of it was Biden But. there was a cultural shift where there are some hosts, I'm not gonna name names 'cause it's, I don't wanna be a dick to anybody, but there's like some big named very popular culture or sort of politics adjacent shows that would not take interviews with Kamala Harris. We know this from talking to her team. and it, part of it was they felt like they might be penalized by their audiences. They, or they just felt like it wasn't fun or exciting and they just didn't wanna be a part of it. Mm. And that sucks. I also think it's, even though the way the question's phrased left aligned non-political media, that's a, it's, that's a tough one.


That's, yeah. Right. Like I think, I think you're right. Like, like Tommy, like you wanna look for funny people who aren't huge Trump fans basically, but you have to be open to them. When I say you the left has to be open to them, like, not agreeing with us on everything. Having some heterodox views on politics, making some jokes that we don't like or even find offensive. Like this is the, I mean, everyone's like, why Joe Rogan? Where's our Joe Rogan? It's like, well, we had Joe Rogan, he was our Joe Rogan and then our, and then everyone said, fuck you. No. And they made a big fuss out of Bernie Sanders going on his show, You know, so everyone loved that Sta Rose clip last week. I wonder how many of those people know that his old show is called Come Town For a Year.


I Probably weren't having Hillary Clinton on that in 2016. You know what I mean? Still pitch. I was getting like messages for years. Go on. Come Town. Go on, come Town. Super funny show. It was, they're really funny. But yeah, it's the, there's something about like Democrats being like, how do we appeal to men? How do we reach the men? And none of the people that do ever ask that question. And so it's like, no, you're not gonna artificially create a bunch of apolitical gigantic hits that are then receptive to having democratic candidates on. You have to build a political movement and a, like a, a a, a culture on the left in which you're welcome in those spaces because you're not seen as being an imperious and scolding sour jerk.


Well, just the way you made that comment to Molten where you say, well, you said that in a dickish way. Like if Democrats could respond to people who say shit like that by being like, Hey, that was Dickish. Or like, ugh, that was not, you thought that was funny. I didn't think that was funny. That was stupid. Right. As opposed to being like, you are bad and we never wanna see you again. Yeah. Or like, I'm going to, like it's, I mean, or how many times over the last couple years has there been like entire news cycles devoted to criticism of a comedian for saying something stupid? Yeah. And the other question is, you know, someone like Kai Sinat is the biggest streamer on Twitch, or one of them who in the Democratic Party is interesting enough that he would wanna talk to them?


I'm not totally sure. Yeah, Right. Yeah. Interesting enough. Or like willing to risk getting a question that's like tough Go on, goof around. I mean, you, you had, you know, listen, we're not like praising Trump here, but he, he was asking the von questions about what it was like to do cocaine. That was, that was good content. That was interesting. It's also something about, again, it goes to me to like this like deeper issue of like what Democrats stand for and in ways that people believe it. 'cause like, the reason I think Bernie stand, Bernie Sanders can go on, go to these places and succeed in these places is 'cause you know, he has a core motivating reason. He's in politics that drives everything he does. So when he is asked a question, he can bring it back to that. People expect that. He also has the freedom to think out loud, get some things wrong, make mistakes, talk about things, because people know where his heart is and like de people don't know where we are.


Like, I don't know, I don't like if I, if you tell like, what, what is the, like the, what is the central cause of like the, the consensus Democratic party right now? I don't know. I don't know. That's a huge problem. Yeah. Well, it's also always evolving course, and it's based on course what everyone will, you know, will abide


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards, inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


No matter what happens to your phone this holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands, and get a wonderful new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on unlimited, ultimate and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry into Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required for iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch trade in in additional terms, apply to Verizon do com for details. Apple Intelligence available now.


Emmy Award winner Coleman Domingo returns to television in the Netflix limited series. The Madness Domingo portrays a media pundit Muncie Daniels caught in a deadly conspiracy. He must fight for his innocence in his life after he stumbles upon a murder deep in the woods of the Poconos mountains and discovers he's the only witness to a crime. As the walls close in. Muncie strives to reconnect with his estranged family and his lost ideals in order to survive. Watch the madness November 28th, only on Netflix


subscriber Jay Walker. What is the best way for us to influence who gets named the next DNC chair? Who to call slash email? There's about 450 DNC members. So You write your note, you put it around a brick. Yeah, no, I, I read this one. My gut reaction was like, ah, maybe there is none. But then, I don't know. I mean, it's about four 50 voting DNC members. Your win number's, 225 people. It's not a policy making job. It's fundraising and grassroots and press. And so I, you could imagine a scenario where there's some kind of groundswell of like online support or grassroots support. People start organizing in states on behalf of a candidate and all of a sudden people are like, let's say, think that there's a huge Martin O'Malley fan base out there and they think that he might be able to raise small dollar money from a new crop of people.


Like that could influence opinions. Yeah. Well, I mean, the 450 members are like almost by definition political insiders and they're probably on social media and very engaged in politics. So this is actually one place where yeah, you know, people, average people can make some, some noise and probably the people who are gonna vote on this will hear you. I was looking online for like, a list of all the Democratic national community members. They'd published a list in from like 2020 when they did the elections. But I don't, I assume that as we get into the actual contest, at some point they'll publicize the list of members for 2024. But you know, there, it's, it's every state party chair, it's every, you know, elected gets a vote. Like there's just a lot of, a lot of people that we know are D NNC members, but then there's some at large ones subscriber.


Catherine, what's the best way to get people interested in running for local office? Something like VSA but for hyper-local districts to start ensuring they don't fall to the radical. Right? What's the best way to get people invested and interested? Easiest one all day run for something I know great organization. Yeah, they Do local races, they do younger candidates. What's Their website? Run for something.org I assume run for something.net. Run for something.net. A rare.net. Yeah. I also like, it's not a criticism of that question specifically. We get a lot of questions that are about like, how do I make other people feel something? And I think sometimes it's like, I think the only question you have to answer is, are you gonna run for something right? Dear caller, like, do you wanna run for school bar? But, but seriously, it's like, how do I get other people to do something?


How do you, what do you, why don't you do It? You're gonna really yell at the questioner A movie, huh? Sometimes I don't. No, no. No disrespect. No disrespect. Just a thought. Just a thought. Why not you? Why not you? Why not now? All right. Some lighter questions. This is from subscriber Defiant. Emily, can I keep wearing skinny jeans in 2025? Was this for my wife? When could you, when do we stop being allowed? Can someone gimme some backstory? So, so skinny jeans had their moment. Now the pants have gotten gigantic, at least for Gen Z. They're just, I noticed that now they're gigantic and they're, things Are happening. I say I can't say I love it, but Trends are trends. I, I do think that, like, I don't sometimes don't understand what we mean by skinny jeans because sometimes I think it means, oh, do you mean like super skin tight spandexy?


See the whole leg jeans, which I've never personally been a fan of, but I wear skinnier jeans and sometimes I feel like, is the mockery about me? Is everyone talking about me? Are my jeans part of the problem and I can't see it? I have jeans blindness. Because you, no, because you get to a point in your life where your style freezes and you then, like for example, we all wear no show socks, right? That you were first wave of millennials and, and I will continue to, well I start, I was like, you know what, I'm gonna try to wear some cruise socks. I'm gonna evolve on the sock front. Not currently. Okay. Just gave you a Quick look. Hey, eyes up here buddy. But I was like, you know what, I'm gonna try it. And I felt super uncomfortable because it wasn't my style.


I felt like I was trying to, seems like something I'm not. But then I started kept, I kept at it and I was like, you know what? I kinda like these cruise socks now, but I'm not giving up on the skinnier jeans. I'm not, I think wear whatever socks you want. But I, I did see an article once about how cringe no show socks were. And I wanted to find that person and tell them how lame they were. Because if you care about someone else's socks, you are the problem. But the jeans thing. Yeah, I know what you're saying. There was like a jeggings face. Yeah. But now I feel like everyone's a carpenter. Yeah. There's a lot. Yes. There's a lot of very wide leg, lot of, lot of loops for hammers from people who have never done a job that didn't involve email. And then like Are you painting today? Yeah. A Lot of, like, a lot of for running around. Yeah. A a lot of poor people.


A lot of jeans my mom could have worn when dropping me off at soccer practice in 1996 around Los Angeles. That's been a good thing. Yeah, but you know what? Wear whatever jeans you like. Yeah, You Do. You defiant Emily. Yeah. Defiant. Emily Selker on Twitter asks in a nod to the popularity and influence of the BRO podcast in the 2024 election. What are the guys' fitness routines? I'm in a TWE interface. I used to be going to this one gym. I'm not really going there anymore. I gotta figure out a new thing. I'm bored. I had like a couple lingering injuries that have been annoying. You guys got any advice? I do have some advice. Tell me. Pilates. Okay. Hannah's related to Pilates. Right? Pilates.


Pilates all day. I'm becoming a Pilates person. I'm doing it all the time. It's awesome. I'm on the reformer. You know, it's a tough class because it's you and 10 of the most like, kind of strong, sharp, pointy women you'll ever see in your whole life. Just points you didn't know. People could have new points where the, just so pointy. Where are the points? Elbows, Bo, just abs Points. Okay. Abs to a point. I mean, they're just so strong. They're so strong. And you think, well, I've been going to these, you know, broy fitness classes and doing my squats with my big heavy weights. Haven't been doing the stabilizing muscles, haven't been doing the isometrics.


Those are the muscles that are gonna keep you alive. Keep from falling out of tubs. Would We say those are broy? I think I, Barry Bou, camp West Hollywood berries, boots. I mean, I mean, I don't know. I'm kind Of, bro, I'm just gonna throw It. I had a lot of towel snapping in the locker room. Yeah. I was telling these guys when we started recording, I had to wear a, a tux this weekend that I hadn't worn in years. And I was holding space in the, in the middle. In the middle. I, Yeah, so I did berries for a couple years and then I was like, I got so tired of that. And now I just, I I've stopped running basically because I'm getting old and it's like too much on my knees. I need to find a new, like, cardio thing. I guess I could just take a walk. Well, but I feel Like, well, George will bush switched to bikes.


Mm. Bikes is interesting. I could do bikes, but I I don't trust you On a bike. No, I don't either. No. Well, I we're Checking his phone right into the canyon. I gotta, I gotta teach two boys to ride a bike soon. That's gonna be, Well that part, you, me, you need some training. You got training wheels too. Okay. Yeah. Maybe training wheels for all of us. But now I just, I work out like four or five days a Week. Okay. Lifting kind of stuff. Light lifting, but also half of it now is like fixing my shoulder from when it broke four years ago. And I'm still, I'm still trying to like do physical therapy on that while also lifting. I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm doing still doing berries a lot and I'm doing Pilates a lot.


And that combination is great and I love it. I'm so into the reformer. Let's go People. Let's go. Leah Kahan on Instagram asks favorite holiday movie? National Lampoon's Christmas vacation for me. Great. One number. That's I think probably number one. What else would we put up there else? Die Hard. It's always up there. There's the die hard discourse. Oof one that doesn't get a lot of shine, but I feel like is quite clearly what a holiday movie is. The Nightmare before Christmas to people like That. Yes. That's a great choice. That's a great choice. And I do think that's a holiday classic. I haven't seen that in a long time. That's a great choice. Christmas story. Can I Classic. It's one that's always on and I'll always watch it and I'm always like me.


I know. It's, it is more of the it's the nostalgia. Yes. That's right. About like remembering stuff from my youth. Because when you, when you're old enough to really watch it again, you're just like, what is this story? It was not, it's it's not really cohesive. No, no. It's a lot of it's a series of vignettes. It's why it's okay for it to always be on. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. It is a series of Yet there's a lot of leg lamp stuff. Yeah. A lot of leg lamp stuff. But I love vacation. I think that's right. Christmas vacation. Mm. It is awesome. So funny. So funny. Polar Express. That's kind of mid, well It's on the List. I'm Googling here. Let's see. Top, top, top. El Alpha is great Spirited. I don't know if anyone saw that. Mm. It's kind of a new one. What's his name? Top. Is there any good Hanukkah movies? No.


What About Home Alone? Oh yeah. Home Are Home. We saying Great is Christmas movies course? Yes, of course. It's Christmas movie. Although as I've, as I've often said that is a movie about a child defending his home from his parents having to pay their insurance deductible. And I don't think that gets enough discussion. 'cause those parents look like they have a great umbrella policy. All right. Last question from Maha on our Discord. What do you have to look forward to in 2025? Movie premieres albums, games. So, and or season two. Cannot wait. Cannot wait for and or season two Severance. Season two. Oh me Too. Severance season two. Holy shit. I cannot believe we get more severance.


Oh, it was a Great cliffhanger ending too. It's Incredible. It's Incredible. White Lotus Season three. White Lotus Season three. Yep. Nice. And Last of Us Season two. Oh wow. That's a great year of television. Good year. You know, they always say it's over. It's never over. They're Always, they're also thrown in a, a new Game of Thrones prequel. Okay. I know that's, it's it's gonna be out there. Something, something of the Seven Night of the Seven Kingdoms or something. Okay. I'll watch it. For sure. For sure. We'll give a try. I'm very excited to watch, say Nothing. Patrick Radke. Yeah. Book that's been adapted, I think's on Hulu right now. I'm very excited to see Gladiator too. I don't You think you guys have seen it, right? I haven't seen It. I haven't seen it. I cannot wait. You should hold space for I'm, I'm gonna see Gladiator too. The only question is do I see Gladiator two before I see Wicked a a second time, but I'll probably see Gladiator two first.


I'm gonna go see Wicked. The funny thing about anticipating albums is that's like just not, not not how it works anymore. All of a sudden it's just a Friday. Yeah. I no idea. Poor Drake is doing a AWI stream with some Canadian nerd and all of a sudden Kendrick just bodies him for like the 13th time. That's what happens this past Week. I imagine we'll get Reputation Taylor's version at some point in 2025. Yeah. There's the Villiers album. Does She have to steal that one Back Froms album? Which, who? One. Keep going. Does she have to do that one back from Scooter Braun? Wasn't it the whole point of That's the last one Doing the last one. Last One. Yeah. There's A, I'm reading In his pocket. It just came out. But Neil Stevenson has a new book called Polo Stan, which I'm very excited to read. Polo Stan. Neil Stevenson's a great science fiction writer.


He wrote this book, termination Shock. Which, which, which was, there were two books about climate change at around the same time. Ministry of the Future. And Termination Shock. Termination Shock was the, the action version. And the other one was boring. So, so I really like Neil Stevenson. I'm excited about that. Do you know the guy who did Parasite has kind of like a follow up movie coming out. It's called Diarrhea One that Are left to happen. Well, it, it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's his next film aesthetic of Oh, We also get, speaking of Korean cinema, we get season two of It. Squi game. Squi game. Squi Game, I believe.


Check the facts, but I think that's right. Check the facts. Check the, I think that's right. I think, can someone fact check Mr. Lovett, please? Can we check the facts? Can we get Daniel Dale in here Of this year? Fax check. Wow. Well we'll watch into even sooner. Even sooner, even better. That's So exciting. I think that's It for 2025. Any, I don't think I'm looking forward to anything else. That's what I got. That's what I'm looking forward to. I'm trying to think. That's about Right. I'm also gonna read Taffy Broer Ackman's new book. Oh, that looked good. I'm gonna read that. 'cause it it's got long. It's called like the Long Island Challenge. Yeah. Long Island Problem. The Long Island issue. Long Island Compromise. Apparently Wicked Part Two comes out in November, 2025.


I feel like all of a sudden we're doing a New Year's episode when really this is like a Thanksgiving meal back then. I thought about that too. I wonder what they're gonna do with that Wicked, that Wicked Part two. Because the famous challenge of Wicked is that the first act is incredible. And the second act, you're like, wonder we Donor. Oh really? What Donor? Wow. So, but I think we'll get a new Ariana song. I, that's my prediction. Hold space for that. And I will Hold space for everything. Happy Thanksgiving. That's our episode. And we'll, we'll talk to you guys next week. If you wanna listen, To Pod Save America ad free, or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts. Consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America Feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and family. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production.


Andy Taf is our executive assistant thanks to our digital team. Elijah Cohn. Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat. Mia Kelman. Molly Lole. Kiel Aviv and David Toles. The funny thing about the holding space thing is that it's actually, I watched the video like, like a half a dozen more times this weekend. Well, I think what makes it so funny is like the reporter says people are really holding space for the lyrics Acidifying guarantee, which in and of itself is obviously like slightly annoying and silly, but not that big a deal. It's that Cynthia Revo says, I didn't know that was happening.


Which is like, Not just like, I didn't know. Like no, she, She reacts like it's some, like she got an Oscar Like, like she relatively finds out like, Hey, this is being used to like secret prisoners out of North Korea. Right. Using Right. We're using Abu grave to fucking torture people. That's and then's What it sounds like. And then, Then she always doesn't, she's like, is that right? Is that happening? That happening? And then, then she goes, yeah, there's a few posts. Well it's also like I'm in queer media. I'm in queer media, so I'm an expert on people holding space and like it's, it's just like, it's such a subjective and, and like ephemeral description. It's like people are holding space for the lyrics. I actually believe if you take away the jargon when I think one of the reasons people are loving Wicked so much is it is about a fascistic state and it's rising and like, and the people deciding that this person was evil, but they're all wrong and it's the wrong is like fully accepted.


I don't have no idea what the story is. It's the prequel. It's I know that. I know that part. That's all I know. And it's beautiful and it's incredibly well made. Yeah. But If you just said, yeah, a lot of people are listening to the blah blah blah song. 'cause it means a lot to them in this weird political moment. But yeah. Yeah. And then, and right. And the idea that you'd be like, I didn't know that was happening is such a funny thing to be like have Like what? Honestly, like Just holding the nail. Holding the one finger. Yeah. Ariana Grande having no fucking idea what's going on. Like, I, I want this to be in a time capsule. It's amazing about like this period in politics in the United States 'cause it's perfect.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine. Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


No matter what happens to your phone this holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands and get a wonderful new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on unlimited, ultimate, and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry in to Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required for iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch trade in. In additional terms apply. See Verizon for details. Apple Intelligence available now.