
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home security. The news cycle may feel relentless, but worrying about your home security doesn't have to be. Whether you're following the latest political updates or need a break from the headlines. SimpliSafe provides proactive protection so you can enjoy some peace of mind with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greatest security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out each morning, or when locking up each night, traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans Start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back as we know. Love it. Set up a simply safe all by himself. Figured it out, and it has protected him and, and pundit for years now. So endorsed by John Lovett. What more could you want? Visit simplisafe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Today. The beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can, bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor. So that was a speech. It was the longest. Donald Trump just gave the longest state of the Union in history. What was the final count? Final count was 99 minutes. So the last, the longest speech in history, it was, I don't know anyone have thoughts off the bat? It Felt longer than 99 Minutes. It did. It did. It was a lot of pretty dark, yeah. Lots of long descriptions of hideous, awful crimes. Yeah. His speeches are always long. They're always long. Yeah. I mean, look, it was a, it was a greatest hit speech. Peppered in with some new stunts and interesting scary moments, but like a lot of what we've heard before, but he's really relishing in it.


He's really enjoying his, he's really, he's really enjoying his time up there. Yeah, you could, with Trump, it's always, he can give his rally s speech or he can give a more formal joint address. In this case, he decided to do both. Yeah. Right. It's, I would say it was not surprising in any way. Yeah. No, nothing really New. Like it felt what I expected, we said this before in our live stream, like a lot of accomplishments for most of the speech, very little news, new policy. I mean, we'll go through some of it. I think what was notable is at the beginning, you know, he did his, we've had the greatest month in any from of any president in history.


Number two was George Washington, blah, blah. He's bragging. Bragging. And then early on there was a little bit of an interruption at the beginning of the speech. So let's listen to that. We won the popular vote by big numbers and won counties in our country. Mr. Green, take your seat. Take your seat, sir. Take your seat. Finding that members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of proper decorum.


The chair now directs the sergeant at Arms to restore order. Remove this gentleman from the chamber. So that was something basically. So Donald Trump does his whole, you know, we've won seven swing states, greatest popular road victory ever. How much you even bench bro. Yeah. Energy Of it. Bunch of Democrats start making some noise. Al Green of Texas starts interrupting him. And then, you know, Mike Johnson was ready for it and decided he was going to tell the sergeant of arms to get rid of him.


Yeah. He His, what did you guys think of that? So His line right, is you have no mandate to cut Medicaid. That's what he Right. That's what he was, that's what he, that was the message of his protest. So at least, you know, he's trying to make a moment about Medicaid. True. That's what he, that's all's just, just to quote the man. Yeah. And, and to, you know, it was an act of protest. Yeah. Like I notice it didn't bother me. It didn't, not like, I wouldn't, it's not what I would've done, but it didn't bother me. I kind of didn't hate that it interrupted Trump and got him out of his flow for like 10 minutes. The rep wait till the Republicans compare it to January 6th. That's when this is gonna get really annoying. Yeah. Mean, You mean, you mean when, when a bunch of protestors were in the chamber Yeah. Desecrating breaking down doors, Congress, and then, and then, then Trump pardoned them all.


Exactly. I'm shocked that many of them weren't invited as the guests of Republicans tonight. Yeah. I thought there shaman more January 6th Cur favor with them before January 6th. Next time. I think a couple, I think there are a couple points here. One is, if you watch the video, there's something really fascistic about the whole thing. The way Trump, when he starts protesting points at the door. Mm. And then JD Vance starts pointing, and then you see Mike Johnson sort of point at the sergeant of Arms to tell them to go get Al Green. Like it is a deeply, like we're in the United States capitol here. Moments later, Trump will say he ended government censorship. Mm. Free speech as he removed speech it free speech, speech. And know he was, This is why, this is why Mark Zuckerberg's so excited about him Speech.


It's presidency like they planned for this moment. They plan to use taxpayer funded law enforcement to remove dissenting voices from the capitol. Well, we should tell the backstory, the reason they planned for this moment is, is all bad things start with Axios had a, had a report that Democrats were going to like bring eggs in pocket constitutions. Right, right. And try to disrupt the speech. And there was a couple reports and it was like sourced to unnamed Democrats. And so then Republicans, some Republicans were like, we, there's a report from Axios that Democrats are going to throw eggs at Donald Trump. Which there were not, were saying that was not a report at all. And so then the House Freedom Caucus had a post that was like, if Democrats interrupt this speech, we will have we'll cen them.


Which by the way, now they're saying that Al Green could be Ed. Oh no. Yeah, I know. What was that gonna do? A, a censure, by the way, is the, the house votes and says you're bad. Seems very quaint. Yes. And so they other Sensory members include Marjorie Taylor Green. Right. And so they were clearly ready for this, which is why, which is, but Also, but, but they were very much ready to do like a kind of hand gesture of like, get him out. Yeah. Yeah. They like really wanna do a hand gesture and like applauding, restoring order. I, I guess like what? I can't, I feel like I feel conflicted about it. Right. Because, you know, like there, there are people with joking like, oh, Democrats, if you really think Donald Trump is an authoritarian menace, wearing different colored hats is a very silly thing to do. Right. Like, you know, in response to the authoritarian menace, we, we coordinated our outfit.


Like, that sounds ridiculous, but like, but like, then I think Okay. And we didn't because there were people are purple people and white. Yeah. There was, He thought he thought he was gonna lie, but we had signs that said false. Right. But also like, yeah. Then like some people coordinated pink and purple and white and then it's like, well that's just a bunch of different outfits. But like the, the then you think, okay, so what should Democrats do? Right. Should they just like this, you know, don't lend Donald Trump the pomp and circumstance of the State of the Union or really a joint address to Congress to be exact Calling it State of the Union, but like, we're breaking The rules. But then you say, all right, Democrats either walk out or they don't show up. Like, what does that get us? Right. Like, we kind of look childish. We look like we're not being, like, we look partisan. So I, I, I don't know what the right thing to do is. Like, I dunno if protesting is, I dunno if sitting there is just, it's tough 'cause it's hard to feel.


'cause we don't have a lot of power. It's worth Remembering though, when MTG Margie Taylor Green interrupted Joe Biden, he then had that back and forth with her, though he looked really strong and like, like he was kind of sharp and you know, making light of it, kind of making fun of her a bit. Yeah. And it was a good moment for him. And you know, I don't know if MTG keeps standing and won't sit down and keeps screaming. Maybe the sergeant of arms kicks her up. But I do think Dan's point is right, that it did look a little authoritarian in the moment. Yeah. But he also didn't want, like Margie Jelly Green. Didn't she sat down Al Green didn't, the thing is also, Trump didn't have like a whole exchange. He kind of didn't. No. He was just like, get her up. Yeah. It Just, not to go all Daniel Dale on this, but every Al Green's right.


There is no mandate for Medicaid cuts and, and what Trump said about his mandate was fucking absurd. Yeah. I mean, getting up there, president of the United States getting up there to talk about the seven swing states you won. The popular vote is crazy. Saying that the president who was before you was the worst president in history. Like that. That doesn't rate high on the decorum scale. Donald Trump's popular vote. Martian is smaller than every popular vote winner since Al Gore in 2000. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote in 2016 by more than Donald Trump did in 2024. He's Six to violent mob in the capitol. What are we doing? None of this. Like, it's, was it effective? Was it not effective? It doesn't matter. It's, we're we're like way we're through the looking glass now.


Al Green getting kicked out or not. It's like, it's not even who cares? I Think like, well I guess the reason it's like, I, I know I have the same like we're through the looking glass, but it's like, okay, well what do we, what should they do? They're sitting, What I'm saying, we're On the other side of the looking glass. We're on the, we're on the wrong side of the fucking mirror. We're still here. So what do we do all day? Well, you, you get, you, you stand up, you get kicked out or you don't like I really don't think either matters. I don't think it either has an effect. I don't think we're gonna remember this much longer is I guess was my point. Okay, so then he keeps going. He does the accomplishments. He does, he does keep going. Yeah. Does the accomplishments he gets to and then he gets to Doge. And when he gets to Doge, first of all he says that Elon Musk is the head of Doge. Which is interesting because in court they're arguing that he was not the head of Doge.


He's Just support staff. Yeah, that's what he said at the cabinet meeting. So some plaintiffs in a, in the lawsuit immediately, you know, filed to the court and saying, oh by the way, Donald Trump, the president just said that Elon Musk is head of Doge. And then he went through some of the, the Doge cuts, $40 million to improve the social and economic inclusion of sedentary migrants. Nobody knows what that is. $8 million to promote LGBTQI plus in the African nation of Les Suto, which nobody has ever heard of. $8 million for making mice transgender. $10 million for male circumcision in Mozambique.


$20 million for the Arab Sesame Street in the Middle East. 8 million to make mice transgender and 8 million to turn 'em back. And some of those mice, by the way, what's so fucking terrible is that some of those trans mice then like kind of defeated a bunch of other mice in all these mazes. And it's like, is that fair to have trans mice competing against cisgender mice in A maze? Well, you know what was nice is that he brought one of those trans mice to the state of the union that was sitting right next to Melania. Yeah. Made, made him outta the park service. And that's all you need to know about the speech. Oh my God.


Sign the sign. The EO right there. Oh, stupid speech. Yeah. So first of all, like I haven't looked all this up. I'm guessing a lot of that probably isn't true. For sure. For Sure. And the reason I know that is not just 'cause I'm guessing then he did the long thing about social security where he repeated the whole thing about like 150 year olds and 300 year olds getting benefits and this and that. None of which is true. Not only has it been fact checked by like every media organization, but Donald Trump's head of social security, the administrator, the, the person that's now the administrator after everyone else resigned was like, oh, by the way, 200 year olds aren't getting social security. That wasn't so like even his own administration has said that's wrong yet. And he just went through the whole thing, did the whole thing.


200 year olds are getting this and this and which went on and on and on For like five minutes. He did every age Bracket that all do the doge cuts that he mentioned are probably not accurate either, but I dunno what you guys thought about that. Yeah. It's just a bunch of people who don't have a, a date of death associated with their record. They're not getting benefits, you know, they're just making this part up. And, and the Mozambique grant for circumcision was to a non-profit, to a nonprofit, to, to do HIV and AIDS prevention. Like you can explain all these things. It just takes time. I mean, ultimately all of these battles over government spending is about specifics. And who could get the more evocative examples and like, probably, even though it's mostly bullshit, this was one of the more effective parts of the speech for Trump. 'cause you've gotta go up there and list a bunch of programs that most Americans would be concerned in the, in the unfair context in which Trump delivered it.


Be concerned other taxpayers going to that. Then we stand up with our much smaller, teeny tiny megaphone and we talk about all the cuts that are false coming from Doge. False, well not our false signs, but like we have been winning politically the battle over Doge because the focus has been on cutting, you know, the people in charge of protecting nuclear plants. Right. The FAA air traffic CONT controls and the you head start department of education, those sorts of things. And that's the battle we're gonna be in for the next year on these budget things. Yeah. I mean, people go into this thinking that there's a lot of waste and inefficiency in government. And so when he lists those programs, people are probably like, oh my God, I thought it was bad, but I didn't know it was that bad. That's probably the normal reaction to that.


I'm sure that's, if you don't know that it was all or bullshit or exaggerated or Whatever, it's also, look again, it's like, you know, defending these programs is always a trap. And it's like, fine, we live in a world where defending really good things is a trap, but a lot of science sounds ridiculous until it makes the world a much better place. You could probably go back and describe research at a stealth airplanes as like, they're trying to make invisible airplanes. So, you know, you can come up. You're for the mice. Yeah, Yeah. Well I'm for a process of assigning grants that allow you to do medical research in all kinds of ways. Like we, we study all kinds of things in mice before we study them in people. And like I, like of course, of course. We did a few of those lines in the, in Obama's state of the unions. Got the salmon, got the milk.


Right. Well, Well like that. Right? There's what it is. We were talking about this earlier, that it is like a central conceit of the movie Dave. Yes. And in Dave, right. He goes through and he says like, we're we're spending money to convince people they were right to buy a car they already bought. And it's like, isn't the government stupid? And that's what the nineties did. And now we live in the fucking aftermath stupid nineties. Yeah. Here we are. Yeah. So it took him a while to get to the central concern of most voters, which is the cost of everything and affordability. The first issue he talked about in depth was trans athletes talked a lot about that. And then finally, somewhere in the 30 minute mark, 40 minute mark, I don't know what it was, I lost track.


He got into inflation and he did mention the price of eggs and, but he, he had someone else to blame Joe Biden especially. Let the price of eggs get out of control, control the egg prices out of control. He Blamed everything on Joe Biden. He ran harder against Joe Biden in that speech than he did in the campaign at times. It was Constant. Yeah. What do we think about the inflation stuff and the cost stuff? Did he, Well he just sort of like, he, he's still in a, a window where it is like plausible to blame your predecessor. Like, I, like, I think it's ridiculous. It's a, it's a, i we, we, it's no longer apparently ridiculous and embarrassing to brag about your political victory and then spend a few minutes blaming your predecessor for all of your problems and like such explicit detail.


Like I, especially In your first speech after Right. It used to be that that would've been seen as ridiculous and beneath the office and contemptible, but we don't feel those things anymore I guess. But the like Okay, all right. Still Joe Biden's fault, is that gonna be true in three months, in six months? Like, I mean, not A guy who's known to lean into challenges and take That's right. That's right. Well, let's see if you can break that record. But like, you know, he's, he, he has only been president for a month, so he has some leeway to say I'm still taking, like, that's not, not a, like he's a ridiculous person, but that's not a ridiculous position. There's a specific question of blaming Joe Biden for the price, the current spike in egg prices. Right. You Think that lands with people? No, but I, I don't, I think people, as we know, people are not particularly interested in the cost of inflation.


They're just mainly interested in blaming the person in charge when it happens. But the bigger issue here for me is inflation is the number one issue in the CBS poll. 80% of people think it should be a top priority for Joe Biden. Sorry, god dammit. 80% of people like Joe Biden, I should do these things this late at night. 80% of people think that inflation should be a top priority for Donald Trump. 29% of people think it is a top priority. Hmm. He spent two minutes on inflation. He said nothing about lowering the cost of housing groceries, day-to-day costs. The He did energy and he did energy A drilling. Yeah, I'm gonna do some drilling.


It did nothing. No short term relief for anyone right now. No inflation costs are, inflation concerns are going up. You know, there's a, our friend Peter Hamby has something in his puck newsletter tonight about polling of Gen Z men. Mm. Yeah. And Trump's approval rating on inflation has dropped 14 points in a month. People are souring on the economy, on inflation is what they care about us. It's what the people who put him in office, the people who will decide the midterms care about. And he did not bother to talk about it for more than two minutes. He basically handed away through the whole thing. And I think that is a massive strategic plunder over the long term because it kind of speaks to the mentality of the administration and, and you just can't ignore the main thing that got you elected. Yeah. If you really wanted to focus on inflation and take it seriously, you would, and you wanted to, you know, indirectly or even directly blame the last administration say, I inherited this mess.


Yeah. Costs were high and now I'm gonna take it seriously. And you know, Scott Beson said on this treasury secretary said this weekend, I think on the Sunday shows we're creating an affordability czar or something like that, which is of course bullshit. But in a state of the union you could say that you can spend Yeah, you can say that that and then you can add some policy around it. You can do this thing. He just, he kind of, he didn't even try. I mean he, he, we will talk about the tax, he talked about the tax cuts. I guess we, we can talk about that. About That talk about energy prices. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But also the tax cuts. He's like, he did the no tax on tips. He did the no tax on overtime, no tax on social security benefits. He added No, the the loans on a, the car loan, the interest on a car loan will be tax deductible.


Keep in mind none of this, none of that is in the Republican budget that passed. So like it's Trump supporter, he is like, maybe they'll get in later, maybe the senate will do it. But none of the stuff that he talked about, the tax cuts for like actual working people, middle class people are in the budget that passed. It's like largely tax cuts for rich people And Yeah. And, and the taxing interest on car loans like a very regressive Yes. Tax. And, and, and just like all of these things, no tax on tip, the social security making, social security tax deductible, all these things are ways of saying you're doing a bunch of middle class tax cuts when in actuality you're gonna do a giant tax cuts for the rich and only bring down rates for the middle class a tiny bit and spend a little bit extra if you do it at all on some of these other ways of lowering taxes.


But of course, like, okay, so you've decided you're not taxing tips for somebody that's a waiter, but if you're a barista and you don't make as much on tips, you still pay the rate you paid before. Like why don't these, those people not deserve a tax break? Right? Like I'm fine cut the taxes on tips, but like you're choosing between different working class people to make that part of the bill cheaper while doing a massive multi-trillion dollar tax cut for the richest people.


Patte of America is brought to you by Z biotics, pre-cool Tommy z biotics the best. I mean, don't drink Without it. What More can we say to people on this one? Like, If you haven't tried it and you're over the age of 30, you're just An idiot. And even if you're under 30, you know, if you just want to feel better the day after drinking and not feel like shit biotics is for you. The only, like I said, the only challenge is just remembering to take it. Yeah. Running out. Yeah. Z biotics pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Don't forget your z biotic. Get some now. Tell all your friends this college hoop season. Don't let anything sideline your celebrations. Wow. Okay. Grab pre-Cool. Before you go out and be ready to cheer on your team all day and night long, go to z biotics.com/cricket to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use cricket at checkout z biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off.


So the big news today leading up to the speech was that the, the long awaited tariffs on Mexico and Canada that he had paused for a while, finally went into effect. It is 25% tariffs on everything from Canada and Mexico. It was an additional 10% on everything from China. The stock market did quite poorly today. I have two days in a row that it did quite poorly and Trump talked about it a little bit tonight. So let's listen. Mexico and Canada, have you heard of that? Stories like Jeffs remind us that tariffs are not just about protecting American jobs, they're about protecting the soul of our country.


Tariffs are about making America rich again and making America great again. And it's happening and it will happen rather quickly. There'll be a little disturbance, but we are okay with that. It won't be much. No, you're not all It feels like that's gonna come back to bite him in the ass. The tariffs, the a little disturbance. Disturbance. Yes. It's very, very like Doctor Strange though. I'm not saying we won't get our hair messed a little bit. No. You know, like very like you mean the disturbance being like a a possible recession rising causes people being unable to afford like the basic cost of life. Like that's that's the disturbance. Yeah. Not only that, he said disturbance. The, i i I hadn't caught until we just heard it again. The second line we're okay with that.


It's like, are we who's we don't look at me. Yeah. Billionaires might be the, the, the terrorists he put in place today are a huge deal. Canada and Mexico account for 40% of US imports in exports last year. 40% of cars and trucks sold in the US are imported. The Canadians slapped a bunch of retaliatory tariffs on us. The Chinese, their statement was like, fuck you, this means war. So depending on how long this lasts, it could end very, very badly. And I don't know that brushing it off in The State Of the Union Is a very smart play. This Issue cannot be that dismissive of jacking up people's costs at a type of high inflation. I can't, so Howard Lutnick, the commerce secretary today was like, you know, we're talking to Canada in Mexico and we might as early as tomorrow announce that there's a reduction in these tariffs.


Not a pause, but maybe a reduction or whatever. Like I can, do you guys think that he's going to keep this going, this trade war? Because after the stock market today, there, there was like a, a segment on Fox of some reporter Fox News, some reporter at like a, a a car dealership. And the guy owns the car dealership is like, yeah, I got this, this truck sitting on the lot. It was $80,000 now it's gonna be, I'm No sorry. Yeah, He did say it wasn't, it was 80,000. Yeah, it's trucking lot. $80,000 now it's gonna be another $20,000. No one's gonna buy it. And like, I think this could be really bad for him. I know we say that about everything with Trump, but like, I, I don't know, prices getting jacked up that high for a long time it seems.


Yeah, it abs it absolutely ha is deeply politically dangerous for him because it gets at the, but he has staff, he has, like when inflation went with Biden, you could talk about all these other things that were, but he has decided to make a specific policy decision that he has talked about. He says this is his favorite word in the English language to make your costs higher. And will he stick with it? That's an open question. He does not, he tends to run at the first sign of distress. So we'll see, we'll see what happens here. He did stick the Chinese tariffs in his first term, stuck with them the whole way. They Were more targeted than this. They Were more targeted and then he had to spend all of the money and then some that could be from the tariffs farmers. He didn't exempt energy from Canada.


So like gas prices are gonna, well this is The, they, well they were the, the energy tariffs are only 10%, Not 25,000, which is based on lobbying from the oil industry. But like Right. But it's, it's still like reduced energy prices already reduced, went up today reduced. And it's not just about, it's not just about what we import, what we import. Like if you, you know, he's obsessed with this trade deficit. We have a trade deficit with Canada because of oil, because we use an incredible amount of oil that comes from Canada. If you put that aside, we have a trade surplus with Canada. Canada is our biggest customer. They are our biggest client. They buy a ton of stuff from us. Like they are a customer, right. For everything. Put oil aside, they are a customer. We need them in in terms of what we, they buy more from us than we buy from them, which means we need them.


And so it's all, it's all farce. That's why, you know, Canada's like, fuck you. You know? Yeah. So yeah. I like, I don't know how bad this has to get. What kind of like whether he wants a fig leaf on this. I do think if he, if he does, if he does lift it, like that's the thing. It's, if he now lifts it really quickly, he looks pretty weak for having put it on for a couple of days. And like, so these tariffs were always more powerful for him prospectively than they are now that they're in place. So I, I just have no idea. I also think that like the, the polling on this, you know, you get some polls that show that people are somewhat favorable to tariffs on China, on Chinese goods. But the, the Canadian tariffs are very unpopular.


Mexico's pretty unpopular. Like these are, they're not popular now. They're gonna be even less popular when people are paying a lot more for shit. We'll see how the stock market does. But like, I, I think this is crazy. It's, I don't get the end game, but like this is what he's been promising to do for a long time. Yeah. He's, it's the only thing he talks about. He's relentless. He's hellbent so it's like, it doesn't make sense but I think he's gonna keep doing it. 'cause why build up a bunch of nonsense and then stop I just don Yeah. That's why I Don't get it. Well also, and you know, maybe he reduces the Canada and Mexico ones, but he spoke at length in the state of the Union tonight about the reciprocal tariffs that are going, going into effect on April 2nd, not April 1st because it, he didn't want to everyone to think it was an April fool's joke is what he said.


Like The, the tariffs on Canada are ostensibly because fentanyl's coming across the border that's just completely made up. 0.2% of all seizures of fentanyl come across the Canadian border. All of it is coming from Mexico. So why the fuck are we taring these people? He can't explain it. Yeah. Trudeau took a bunch of steps to try to address his concerns. They named a fentanyl czar, they spent a bunch of money, they put like black hawk helicopters on the border and drones and like he tariffed them anyway, so Fucking stupid. It's like he made up a fake problem. Canada asked him then make up a fake solution to the fake problem. I know, I know. And then we still get the tariffs which have real consequences. Yeah. It's crazy. So then he gets into, starts talking about the rest of the world. I guess that was his segue talking about Canada and Mexico and the tariffs and you know, he had a little bit to say about all the important problems in the world right now.


And I also have a message tonight for the incredible people of Greenland. We strongly support your right to determine your own future. But we need it really for international world security. And I think we're gonna get it one way or the other. We're gonna get it. The United States has sent hundreds of billions of dollars to support Ukraine's defense. Do you want to keep it going for another five years? Yeah, yeah. You, you would say Pocahontas says yes. A lot of things are happening in the Middle East. People have been talking about that so much lately.


With everything going on with Ukraine and Russia. A lot of things are happening in the Middle East rough neighborhood. Actually That was the Gaza section. It's In depth Made this point. But just that like if you showed this to Republicans five, 10 years ago and said this is gonna be what you'll be applauding, be like they be, you're, you're full of shit. No fucking way. This is the dumbest shit I've ever seen. Tough neighborhood. He's gonna get Greenland one way or the other. Attacked Elizabeth Warren on Ukraine and then the Middle East is a tough neighborhood. I Mean as you know, as you guys know with speech writers, like the amount of time spent on an issue in The State Of the Union Is in the administration's eyes, like directly proportionate to how much we care about it.


Mm. And so by that definition, his top foreign policy priority is getting Greenlands. Yeah, Well that's probably right. He had the canal, we didn't get there. But that he also talked about getting the Panama Canal back as well. Yeah, well he, he talked about getting the Panama Canal back and then that, that segued into some, some, some love for his Secretary of State. Let's hear that clip and We have Marco Rubio in charge. Good luck, Marco. Now we know who to blame if anything goes wrong. Oh, Marco's been amazing and he's gonna do a great job. Think of it. He got a hundred votes, you know, he was approved with actually 99.


But, and I'm either very, very happy about that or I'm very concerned about it. The, the bar on the Panama Canal keeps changing. Do we want the full canal? Yeah, I thought we just wanted cheaper rates or maybe to pass through for free. P was about Chinese influence. But today this Hong Kong based holding company that owned two ports on either side of the canal sold them to BlackRock. So I thought he was gonna take the win on that. I thought he was gonna do more on that too when I saw that story. Right. Like he has, has he even talked about that story? Like I Seems I've Seen it seems like he's getting what he wants before it became a whole thing Buddy. That was a great, I thought it was perfectly time for the state of union too. That's why they rolled it out Strange. I thought that Rubio shout out was notable because I think that Rubio is his patsy on foreign policy.


It's so great and like when things, I mean he said it tonight and I think he means it when things go wrong. He's gonna blame it on. Yeah, he's completely on Marco Rubio and so like, you know, his planned and annexation of Panama, Canada, Gaza, Greenland, Gaza. Yeah. It's all, it's all on Marco. Marco fucks it up and that's it. There Were a couple stories about Rubio feeling like, you know, he's got his maga minders around him and there was another story about how he's worried that he's not getting the influence he thought he was gonna have. And part of me thought this was a little bit Donald Trump at least seeing those or hearing about those and kind of like bucking 'em up, you know, kinda giving a little shine in the state of the union. I felt like it was Michael Corleone and kissing Fredo, But Like, like, you know, maybe Middle East is a tough neighborhood, covers it, but the Gaza ceasefire is currently falling apart.


Yeah. Israel is currently blockading all age shipments into Gaza. Like things are not on a good trajectory in in a, you think you might talk about it in A normal presidency. I would've taken that the absence of, of talking about, 'cause Trump would normally tout his role in getting that ceasefire as evidence that they think it's falling apart. But who the really fuck knows here, like they just decided they wanna talk about it. Right. But why not take the win on getting the ceasefire, getting the hostages back and then using it as a moment to like get everyone in that chamber to applaud for whatever you say about Israel and condemn Hamas or that's when you could've gotten everyone on their feet And just hold onto your seat here. But what if he actually used the speech to send a message Right.


About what he wanted. Right. Yeah, that'd be useful. That is the one takeaway from the entire speech is at no point is he using the speech to try to accomplish anything. Right. I think he said a pretty powerful message to the Danes. Yeah. To the Dan The Danes would be the example. But the Dan Dan Danes are shit in their fucking pants right now. Yeah. He started that section on Greenland by saying we support whatever the people of Greenland want to do, but we're gonna get you one way or the other. Yeah. That's how we ended it. And there was some stuff in between about he was gonna take Greenland to New Heights Think. Yeah. And initially when he made that that that comment, Green heights, What heights, what is he gonna Trump? Trump Greenland and I, You guys noticed what he first mentioned, Greenland, JD Vance and Speaker Johnson kind of started chuckling and then by the end they're like, oh, they're excited about or threaten him against Oh Yeah, the green.


He he that's it's real, he really, he's It's real one way or the other. So that was foreign policy and then he did a bunch of, he called out people in the guest box. He does that. There's a couple stunts. What else stood out to you guys in the speech? And then there was like an, there was like five endings that were like literally copy pasted from other Trump speeches. It was about like crossing new frontiers and going to the moon and all that bullshit. We should talk about the stunts a little bit. Yeah, sure. Some of the, some of the stunts. Right. So we had, there was one moment that was actually like kind of sweet where there's this boy that had had some kind of cancer and is like, wanted to be a police officer and clearly they didn't know how long he was gonna live. So he became honoree police officer and then he made him an honoree member of the Secret service and he had a really sweet look on his face.


And I found that moving gave a guy and then some more cynical people ripped me To fucking pieces. But then it became, and actually RFK Junior is gonna look into the, to the, to the chemical causes of various illnesses. And by the way, we're go up Great cancer. And then he was like autism, the brain cancer autism might have been from he like insinuated that it came from chemicals, which, which Maha's gotta fix and then we gotta get to autism. It was a really weird transition. And then you remember that he's currently gutting the National Institutes of Health. That's where the transgender mice research was done, but also some cancer research that you might have been familiar with and he's going after Medicaid and he's going after. And by the way, he launched an insurrection against the police at the capitol in which this event was taking place.


So yes, it is a cynical thing, but the, the moment did, did work on me. He did Admit one guy to West Point too. Yep. That Was him there. That was good too. Wanna rank the stunts? I can't remember specifics, but I remember him doing this in like his previous state of the union. This his, during his first terms, like they weren't just calling out people in the box when the first ladies box it was like, like announcing something Yeah. For them. Some kind of award It gets, he gets very, Not just the Russian Box, he Gets very Oprah here, right? Yes it Is. Yeah. We signed an executive order. Yeah. J Jaymar called it his Ed McMahon section of the speech Really dated cultural reference even for us. Yeah. And then there was like a, the, the slightly, there was not slightly then there was like the darker version of it, right.


Which is like kind of going through people that have been grievously harmed by whether it's immigrants or a trans athlete and then like naming a national preserve after the victim of a terrible murder and like to draw attention to, you know, anti-immigrant sentiment and all the rest. So like that was, that was pretty ugly. But like the most, I mean because a lot of the speech was like sort of a mix of Yes, his sort of normal, normal speeches as president and his stu speech, his sort of grievance stu speech, like the kind of the parts that did stand out other than like a Greenland was were these stunts Only time Medicaid was mentioned the entire night was Al Green. Nice. Donald Trump never mentioned Medicaid or Medicare, which I thought was kind of interesting.


Like he did, usually he'd do the, I'm gonna protect it and I'm not gonna cut it in this budget. But he didn't even mention it all. I mean I guess it is noteworthy that if he does not pass a tax cut bill, taxes will go up on nearly every American. And he is, that's a very challenging thing to do, even budget. Right. It's, it's not a nice to have, it's a Yeah, it is a must do. It's absolute must do. And I would also say embedded in that exact bill is the bill to lift the debt limit. So he has to pa in order, if he does not pass this bill, we're gonna default and everyone's gonna get a tax increase. And he has congress before him. He has a massive divided Republican party. They're divided on both the policy, the spending measures to pay for this and the legislative process to accomplish it.


He used none of this speech with all of them there to try to rally them to any sort of, cause he talked a little bit about the tax cut, but like they have no plan to solve this problem and he did, he was not, he cannot be bothered to try to get into the minutia of trying to pass a bill. Well, but it makes sense when you realize that he is not trying to make a case that wins him any kind of public opinion. He's not trying to pressure these people in public because what the White House does, what this White House does is just like threaten them in private. And so he probably thinks I'm gonna talk about my accomplishments and have a good time and I'm gonna deal with getting the sausage made with my people on my own. Right. I mean I think part, right? I also, it's just like, it's sort of, it's an unsolvable problem.


There's no like rhetorical fix for it. Like the, the circles in the Venn diagram do not overlap. Like Tom Cotton stood up at some senate republican caucus meeting today and he's like, Hey guys, like we're far apart from what the house wants to do. We're talking about all these tax cuts for the rich, we gotta focus on the parts that are for the working class. Like there's like a real, there's this, this, there's no solve right now for this. What's he gonna say? He has, he's not persuading people to Anything and it's because Thune said before Tom Kahn got up the house is asking for a trillion dollars in cuts. We've never done that in a reconciliation bill. Like I could see four. Oh we, the most we've done is like $400 billion in cuts. And I, I still think that they are gonna try to, the easiest thing for them to do is not go deep on the cuts and say that the bullshit Doge cuts are, you know, puff them up and lie about how much money they saved.


Do a huge tax cut because they can get everyone on board with that figure. Something out about the debt limit, which I don't know what it is and maybe he's gonna fucking mint the coin or get rid of the debt limit or say it doesn't matter. And then just pass something that just, you know, adds to the deficit. Couple trillion dollars gives rich people a tax cut and then cuts where they can That feels like the, the, the way that they'd get out of this or the whole thing falls apart. Yes. I just, you would typically use that moment to at least express urgency to people to get your shit together. Yeah. In that moment. And you're right, like maybe the old, there is no solution here that does not involve a large swath of the Republicans voting for something they swore they would never vote for one way or the other.


Right? Yep. Unpaid for, paid for cut Medicaid don't cut Medicaid. Or they can just fucking lie and just put some, you know, do some gimmick in there about yes the doge cuts but say like we're gonna do this amount of cuts in that coming years. Right? Like they can do some trickery with math. Well they could also sunset some of the tax cuts to keep the costs a certain way down. Right. Push a, push a decision on tax cuts. Like, you know, do cuts over 10 years, do the tax cuts over three. Like there's like, there's games they still have room to play with, but Even when they get to that, there's still a massive delta between the money going out and the money coming in. Yeah, Yeah. Right. And they can't, they can do all their games but that's, someone's gonna report That. Yeah. Math is math. Any other things that stand out to you guys from the speech? I thought It was really weird when he had Cash Patel, his new FBI director stand up and get standing ovation.


It just felt like the pretorian guard was all in the room and we were supposed to see them. It just bothered me a lot. Yeah. He also called out Pam Bondi a few times. Yep. Called Pam. She's gonna get Bond, she's gonna get the dead people collecting social security that don't exist. Right. She's going to arrest a spreadsheet I guess with some names on it of dead people. Yeah. Filing error


Pod Save America is brought to you by Lumen. Did you know that when your metabolism is working properly, you'll feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. Lumen is a valuable tool that can give you insights to create a healthy metabolism for your body. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath and on the app it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Yeah. It's all the craze here at Cricket. The Lumens. Yeah. People Using it in the morning and night before workouts, after workouts to kind of do a little AB testing. Get yourself a personalized nutrition plan for the day. It's great because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, and more. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to lumen.me/crooked to get 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/crooked for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. I'd like to buy some time from Squarespace. That'd be nice. I'd like that. Introducing Design Intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. I think We can doge things we don't like. Oh yeah. About ourselves. Yeah. Squarespace will help you. Doge stuff. Nice. Start a fully custom on-brand website with squarespace's latest AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint ai. After a few questions, our interactive design system transforms basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence with curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Upload video content, organize your video library and showcase your content on beautiful video pages. You can even sell access to your video library by adding a paywall to your content. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash crooked.


Should we gonna talk about the democratic response? Oh yeah. The Democrats, Elissa Slotkin, new senator from Michigan. She gave the Democratic response and then there were other democratic responses. We already talked about Al Green leaving. There was also bunch of Democrats that held signs up that said false. They were dressed in different ways and then a bunch of people, just, a couple of people left the speech left early, some of 'em came back. But yeah, I was gonna say like I think Maxwell Frost and someone else left early and then later Bernie left and then a couple other people left. Like it was sort of a, there was no like specific words that triggered them leaving. I think if I were them I would've left because I was very bored and it was very long and I was tired because you really, what West Coast time and we're tired like Yeah.


Leave is like walking out of a movie just to show you hate it. Yeah. I walked out of a pretty bad production of rent once, but it wasn't a protest. They just Was it in wasn't A good production. I was ready to go home. Got it. Maybe I think Lets, slack did a good job. I think like those speeches are the hardest ones to give of any speech. I don't even know why people still do state of the response. Like they are, they're remembered if you fuck up and if you do well they're not remembered. I think it was, it was short. She delivered it well and she like hit the message that I'm sure is going to pulled Well, like I bet it, I bet it probably did what the speech did well with whatever focus groups of voters were watching it. And then there's this debate that's happening online right now about like, should, should the Democrats have gone at all?


Should they not have gone at all? Which we sort of started talking about On, on the lock in thing. I, if I were to offer her advice, I would say ditch the cliches. We don't need to say things are as American as apple pie. I would say if you can do the setting over again, have some people there give it some energy, not just sort of in a random room. I agree. She delivered it really well. It was tight. It had a message. It was coherent. It was just like a little bit, it felt like it was from a pre-Trump era. And I think in the post-Trump era, like we all need to think about ways to really get people's attention and make a speech memorable in a way that will go viral on TikTok and Instagram and be seen by more people than whoever's still watching SNBC. It's an, it's an interesting thing because it is, it is a format optimized for the free television time, right?


'cause you are the, the networks carry it. They all carry it. And so more people will see ais, Alyssa Lockton's speech than any speech given by a Democrat this year by a factor of 10, 15, 20 more maybe Info on television in full On television. Right. But if you were trying to modern communicate, you would not give a 10 minute two camera response. You would do a 10 minute podcast interview or whatever. Or like a conversation. Yeah. I feel like there's, yeah, I think there's sort of three things. One, if you're gonna go all the way to Michigan to deliver it, like why are you standing in front of like a, a kind of a standard American flag set that could have been a a, a closed room anywhere. So I sort of like didn't understand the setting. I thought the speech was solid, but like I, and it's not even a criticism of her or the speech.


It's like, yes, there's the question of like, well is, you know, this is, it's, it's a, it's a television format, not a social media format. But then there's just this, this part of it, and I don't have an answer, but it's like we just watched a carnival barker lie and kind of squeal for 90 minutes vilifying all kinds of people, willfully lying, making things up about social security kind of attacking present, bragging about his electoral record. Just sort of like just showing like utter contempt for the country. And then we do kind of what is the kind of the adult in the room standard. Here's the response, the message that tests well, the, the, the, the proper kind Reagan references Ra just sort of like this is designed to meet, but that to, to appeal to a broad range of people.


We do normal politics and I don't know like what the alternative to that is that works, but there is just something dissonant about it. There's something wrong about it. Like Donald Trump does what Donald Trump does and then we get up there and we do what we would do if MIT Romney had won or if, if, if Marco Rubio had won or whatever. And I, I, yeah, I know. And I, and I think the challenge is half the country thinks that we are in normal politics, right? The guy's got a, you know, approval rating of, at worst, depending on the poll, you look at 45% best. 51, 50%. So that's like a whole bunch of people who, if she had gotten up there, any Democrat had gotten up there and said, said something like this is a moment of urgency and can you believe that?


Or just that guy was crazy or he was a carnival bark, or all the stuff that we've been saying with a lot of people, it would land like, eh, I don't know. But you Know what, here's the thing I'd say about that, but I Don't, I know, that's what I'm saying. So like, I, like, I think there could be room for that. But then the question is, what is the goal of a response? Like this gets to the heart of like the entire democratic response, the people on the floor, Al Green, everything else. Like what is the goal of what we are trying to do in responding to Donald Trump's speech and who are we trying to reach and who are we trying to convince? I mean, so there there's a, there's a big dilemma here, which is without fail the best testing messages, the ones that show up as most persuasive feel incredibly small ball compared to what's happening here. And not that cutting Medicaid is small ball.


'cause that is a devastating thing for so many people. But it just feels like we are on the brink of authoritarianism in this country. And it feels like, like we're just using the same message we use against MIT Romney in 2012. Doesn't seem like the right feel here, but the polling is crystal clear. The one piece of advice that I would give to Democrats, and I've been wrestling with, wrestling with this myself for the last couple weeks here, is there is no election tomorrow. The next day. Yes. There's not even, there are elections in November, but they are state elections. We do not have to respond to how people think about Donald Trump right now. We have to make how people think about Donald Trump be different by November of 2026. Right. And that I think is, is a, I think that implores us to step away from the quote unquote best testing message right now and do a little bit more what I think Chris Murphy is doing, which is to be a little more, sort of just sort of authentically ranting about the dangers that are happening.


And like, this is, this is the fundamental difference between Democrats and Republicans is Democrats find out where, where voters are and then we try to meet them there. And Republicans try to get the voters to where they want them to be. And I think we have to, we have to just think a little bigger here, play a bigger game than we have been playing. I think then I feel like, I feel like I'm going crazy having this debate over and over again because we like keep going on both sides of it. Yeah. Like Kamala Harris loses the election and we're all like, there's too much democracy, too much scary. This that the other thing authoritarianism people don't care about that should have talked more about cost inflation, stuff like that. And then, okay, great. So now all the Democrats are like, we gotta talk about the price of eggs.


We gotta drive a message about inflation, we gotta talk about cost. And then Donald Trump does what he does over the last month and it's like, we can't fucking talk about that. We have to talk. And I'm, I'm there. I'm like, we have to talk. I'm with, I would talk, I would respond to it like Chris Murphy has responded it. Yeah. But I think this is where, this is how you square the difference though. Kamala Harris has been a very difficult position 'cause she only had a hundred days, like she couldn't, like a third of the country completely woke up to the threat of Trump. A third likes it. A third was more concerned about their daily experience, what was happening in their lives and waking 'em up to the threat. Democracy just wasn't gonna happen. We didn't have the credibility. She didn't have the credibility. Right. So you have to camp. So that's where the mistake there is, right? But now, like, let's try to wake some more people up, right? Like no, yes, we should talk about the price of eggs, but like we have to, I think we should like, like yes.


I think that, that we can't just assume that this is static. Like Donald Trump is an authoritarian threat. Not enough people care about that. Not enough people care when he sides against Ukraine. When he pulls all these stunts, when he talks about evading Greenland. Right? Like too many people are kind of a nerd to it or asleep to it or not paying attention. And that's part of why we're in this mess. I think the one, like one way that I think also helps square the circle is to start talking about the corruption. Like, I'm not saying we should use the word kleptocracy to describe this 'cause that is a ridiculous term to use, but that is the story story here put On the shelf next oligarch. Yeah. Right. Like we have a bunch of oligarchs running this country. We have the world's richest man rooting through things and the, the value of corruption as messages, one, it's true.


Two, it allows us if we could get our heads out of our assets to become a reform party again. 'cause we're not trying to defend the status quo. We're trying to reform it in a way that actually helps people instead of just burning the fucking thing down. Yeah. And that at least is, it's, you know, there the pointless slackin sort of mo moved around, which is, is it, is it crazy change that like is chaotic and hurts people or is it Yeah. Real change that can actually help people. Yeah. And I thought that was, I thought that was strong and I thought, and like it's funny because as I listened to that speech, I thought the strong part of the speech was the end when she talked about democracy and then there's like the little part of my head that's like, probably not the most popular part of the speech, but I was like, that's what res I feel like that's resonates.


And it was true. You know? Yeah. But I do think part of that too is it's, we're so far from an election that Democrats getting up there and saying, here's exactly what I'll do to help on the economy, just rings a little hollow right now. I know you're saying. So we gotta get closer to the election where you can have like an agenda, like, you know, you, you back up a corruption message with we're gonna make white collar crime the priority of the justice department again. Like, we're gonna go after these tax sheets, we're gonna go after the crypto fraudsters. Like you need, you need like that kind of energy and a kind of list of things that you can do. Imagine A version of her speech that is entirely focused on Elon Musk in Doge cuts and going through all the mistakes and fuckups in great detail. Like he did, like she did a little bit of this, she did the things that we've all been hitting the nuclear weapons, people who are fired, the Social Security Health Administration.


But imagine you tick all of that. It's like Doge is this unbelievable threat. It's the only thing we should care about. Here is my focus. It's a Really interesting idea. Different, that's actually a really smart way to think about that not occurred to you, which is use that 10 free 10 minutes of national television time and attention. You get to try to win one battle, not try to win the entire war. Right? Yeah. Which is an impossible task given to any, any person at any party. Yeah. Although the thing I, I saw a lot of like media outlets and God bless them, this is their job. They're supposed to give us the facts. There's like a lot of fact checking after the speech and I was like, I can't do the fact checking. No fact, I don't think it, I don't think fact checking him is, I mean, it's helpful to point out that he's bullshit, but like, I don't know where it's getting us. I Think there are parts of it, like the social security thing is very important to point out, right?


'cause you're just gonna have conversations with people. Like that's the sort of thing that people are be like, you're like Elon Musk is a fucking nutshell. Go say, well yeah, but I heard that they were paying a, you know, a million, 150 year old social security. Like having the facts to that is a helpful pushback to Yeah. It's, it's, it's also by the way, like at this point, like I, I agree. Like these stories specifically, I don't know what they get us, but then like we just don't really know or have a good way of measuring like, okay, some creator somewhere is gonna take that and make a TikTok or make a video that kind of walks through the ways of lies. One of them will take off, it will get in front front of a lot of people. And so I like, Well this is, and this is where I was at the beginning where you were talking about Al Green and I was like a little flippant and being like, I don't think it matters either way. I, I guess we're having this debate over like what's the most effective message, what's the most effective Democrat, I guess Like I don't blame any of them for trying, right?


Like if you wanted to hold a sign, if you wanted to walk out, if you wanted to stay, if you wanna give Alyssa lock ins type speech, if you wanna do something else, like whatever, like you said, the election is not till 2026. Everyone should try. Some stuff's gonna take off, some stuff isn't gonna take off as long as people are like, you know, going out there throwing spa. All right. Now Yeah. Is the time. Do you guys see the CNN instant snap poll? Is it let's say 44% very positive reviews of Trump's speech. 44%. Very positive. 25%, somewhat positive, 31% negative. So That's actually not that for a state of the Union that doesn't that Great. Yeah. He has traditionally had positive reviews of the states of the union that aren't as positive. He's a little more numbers. I know I'm saying they're all positive, but his not 66% say his policies will move the US in the right direction.


34% the wrong direction. That's a little better for him. Yeah. 80% say Congressman Al Green's interruption was inappropriate. Yeah, that's shocker. I mean these are always worth noting polls of people who actually watch the speech, which almost always skews to the party of the person giving the speech. Yeah. This Also by the way, goes to like, but this is What we, this is what I was saying on the live stream about the, the protest walking up because like, you know what people thought Joe Wilson was an asshole when he said to Barack Obama that he lied. People thought Marjorie Taylor Green and Lauren Bobert were assholes when they interrupted Joe Biden. Like when you interrupt someone, most people think you're asshole. But this is part of the thing when you're, when you're like, if the message Donald Trump did not bring up Medicaid, Al Al Green brought up Medicaid, right? Sometimes especially we're not no election for two years.


Sometimes the shit that's gonna drive an important message maybe doesn't make you look good for a beat. Right? Like it doesn't always have to be like, we're down to al al green's, al green's in a safe district. You know? It's like, it's like, yeah, good, good for him if like he got people to talk about the Medicaid cuts. I think that's a good thing. Yeah. I will just, I will have no patience for people complaining about the etiquette of it. No. Well I also have very little patience for people who, like Al Green's outburst didn't help Democrats as if like a Democrat who's not Al Green is gonna somehow be hurt by what Al Green like I I I have no, do you think It'll be more or less impactful than Donna Brazil's book right before the Virginia Cooper selection? Oh, That's a, that is a, That is so I don't even remember what it was about. I know, I don't even know the full story about Did You remember it? But I Yes, of course I Remember that. Oh God, I do remember that.


But what was it? We'll talk off mic. Alright, before we go, we did the, the livestream before and we, I'll bet on how long the speech was gonna be. And so we had prices, right? Rules and let's see, the Tommy guessed 62 minutes. The next closest was me. I guessed 81 minutes. Dan guessed 85 minutes. But the winner is Love it. I won with 86 minutes. Wow. I know. We thought originally it was Dan, but Adrian corrected me. Dan Trophy and we have a trophy. Oh My God. Look at that. Look At that. Wow. Love it. Wow. Love it. Figure it Out. Wow. I've, I've never done well in any kind of game show before famously, so this has been great.


Congratulations. This is what it would've been like to me. Make it through one fucking vote. Who were the big winners of Donald Trump's speech tonight? Poll polls Donald Trump, but according to us, John Lovett. Yeah, thanks a lot. No, that feels really good. It feels really good. Alright Everyone, we'll be back with an episode, Dan, and I'll be back with an episode. What day is it? Friday? Friday. We'll have an episode. We'll talk to you then. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricket.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Solve Reuben. Our associate associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Naomi s Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohen, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv and David Tolles.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East


Shop with Rakuten and you'll get it. What's it? It's the best deal, the highest cash back, the most savings on your shopping. So join Rakuten and start getting cash back at Nike, Expedia, Bloomingdale's, and other stores you love. You can even stack sales on top of cashback. Just start your shopping with Rakuten to save money at over 3,500 stores. Join for free@rakuten.com or get the Rakuten app, that's R-A-K-U-T-E-N.


Level up your snack time with the joyfully chill sensation of my mochi strawberry ice cream. My Mochi strawberry is scoops of premium ice cream wrapped in sweet soft dough. It's made with real strawberries so it's bursting with berry flavor. Each box of my mochi strawberry ice cream has six perfectly portioned gluten-free mochis that are only 70 calories Each look for my mochi, strawberry, and tons of other amazing my mochi ice cream flavors at Target. Or visit my mochi.com to find a store near you.