
Today's presenting sponsor is Simply Safe Home Security. With the next debate just weeks away, in the context of where we are in this election, who in politics do you think could use a good night's sleep? Sounds like Donald Trump. Yeah. He could use a good night sleep. He could use a good night's sleep. He seems a little, little hagger. Be too late in the day with Simply Safe arming your system before bed can give you the peace of mind to get a good night's rest. Regardless of what's happening in this election. Here's why. Jon Lovett loves it. I set Up a simply safe system. Sure, and it work works great. Highly recommend it. The app is good. It's just easy works. You can, you just, it's customizable. It looks good. Just completely reliable. I recommend it. Simply Safe Agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. No long-term contracts so you can cancel any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. They've been named the Best Home Security system by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service and home security according to Newsweek. Easy to install or you can have a pro do it. No problem. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favre. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Tommy Vitor. We are here live in Chicago for the Democratic National Convention. Are we live? I guess we're live. Well, I mean, I mean, we're alive being In person. we barely alive. We are always live having a conversation On tonight's show, Joe Biden addresses the Democratic Convention and Donald Trump apparently thinks he's still running against him. Plus Illinois Governor. JB. Pritzker stops by to talk about hosting the convention and why he's had so much success fighting back against Republican attacks And the Bears And the Bears And the White Sox sucking and the White Sox sucking and the cops. It was a Wide ranging interview at The time. Time. A good time. He was fun to talk to. You guys had a good time. He gave us beers before he did.


Yeah. Yeah, we drank with him. We had a couple beers. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. Well, Lovett And I went to go drink with some vo Save America volunteers. Yeah, that was Fun. That also Good. Everyone wins. That was really special. You guys wanna talk a little bit about the convention first, what it's been like being here for the last, it feels like we've been here for, what, 96 hours straight? Yeah. Without sleeping. Should we? And that's just, that's just tonight's program. Should we paint a picture? We're in a a, a box made of blue pipe and drape directly adjacent to the Newsmax Yeah. TV Studio. They're right there for those of you watch right there. There's our Newsmax friends there. and there We're Surrounded by plants. Some reel, some fake, some You Have to guess witch's. True. We've run into a lot of people, a lot of friends of the Pod. We love that. These Guys had a good time.


John and Lovett had a good time with Dean Phillips. We did. we, we Had a great reunion with Dean Phillips. we, we did Lovett. What did you say? Oh, what'd I say? I said, Dean Phillips, you son of a bitch. How dare you be? Right. Before it was, what'd I say? You were right. Too early. Shame on you. Fuck you for being right too early. And then some random person came up and screamed. It's the retribution gang. I don't even know what that means. I Don't know. I don't either, either. But you know what? It's a good time. It's joyous here. It's, it is. People are fired up. People Are very fired up. People are fired up. There's energy, there's excitement. Everyone's got a smile on their faces. We love that. All right, let's start with the, the first night is, is in the books of the most surprising and consequential democratic national convention of our lifetimes.


There were many, many speakers, some might say too many speakers, but the headliners of course were Joe and Jill Biden and Hillary Clinton. Kamala Harris made a surprise appearance on stage. There were some really powerful testimonials from women whose pregnancies became nightmares under Dobbs and also a OC. And Steve Kerr gave fantastic speeches. But let's start with the man himself. Joe Biden. Quite a balancing act for him. Celebrating and also saying goodbye. Unfortunately, some of you might have missed it because the pre-program went so long that he got knocked out of prime time. It was Ridiculous. Every I was mad on behalf of Joe Biden. It, It was, they bumped James Taylor to make room for Joe Biden, which means they gave James Taylor's spot to Jamie Raskin tough town.


Or Chris Koons, or somebody ran Chris Koons. Chris Koons. Yeah. Chris Koons. Anyway, if you did Miss Joe Biden's speech, here are the highlights. I stand before you now on this August night to report that democracy has prevailed democracy. Democracy has delivered, and now democracy must be preserved. I've got five months left in my presidency. I've got a lot to do. I intend to get it done.


See, been the honor of my lifetime to serve as your president. I love the job, but I love my country more. Selecting Kamala was the very first decision I made before I became, when I became our nominee. And it was the best decision I made my whole career. We've not only gotten to know each other, we've become close friends. She's tough, she's experienced and she has enormous integrity. Enormous integrity.


Her story represents the best American story. And like many of our best presidents, she was also vice president. That's a goat. I promise I'll be the best volunteer. Harrison Waltz has Cam never ever seen. Alright, let's talk about Joe Biden's speech. What you guys thought was the only speech. We went down to the floor. We were standing on the floor for the speech. He was a little emotional when he first came out. He followed his daughter, Ashley Biden, who gave a a, a very moving speech. And he didn't start for a while just because the crowd was, there was so many. We love, we love you Joe. Thank you Joe. Thank you.


So it took a while for him to get going and the, and the, the crowd was really, crowd was very generous, which was nice. But what'd you guys think of the speech? I, I think Lovett the most beautiful moment came later when he said, you know, I love this job but I love my country more. And it was Mo it was genuinely moving. These are all Biden delegates. These are all people that if Joe Biden hadn't stepped aside, would've disregarded anyone who said otherwise and thrown their support behind him. And it was just the capstone of his presidency and a reminder that he did something very selfless. But it was great that we all had a moment to do that. And then this was his night, I think, to really sort of declare victory of his presidency.


And I think, you know, I think we all want this campaign to be about the future. But I think for Joe Biden, this was his moment to say, I'm really proud of what we got done. I was proud to seek reelection based on my record. I would like to extol the virtues of my politics. And I think it's also incumbent on, on everybody to say, alright, that is the vision of democratic politics that Joe Biden has been shaping and now we're gonna carry it forward. Dan. Yeah, I, look Joe Biden did an incredibly important thing for this country when he came outta retirement to beat Donald Trump. He accomplished a ton of things and was a great president. And this was his moment. There was a moment for that to be celebrated by the people who voted for him or chose him to be, to run again.


Right. This was, these were his people. And these are the, and just to be specific, he handpicked these delegates. They were picked by his people. And it was a moment, a time for the moment for the country to celebrate Joe Biden. What he was trying to do in like the, as you said, the tricky thing to navigate was lay out all that had been accomplished as a way to say that you can trust Kamala Harris to build on that success. Right. And that's so that, that's, you're trying to both let Joe Biden have his moment and also use that moment as a way to propel her campaign forward. Yeah, I mean, on a personal level, I do think Joe Biden deserved a moment to be celebrated, to get round after round of applause from that audience tonight.


I think as a political matter, as a, you know, as a political messaging opportunity, it was a, a lot of it was a missing so far as it was a lot of Relitigating accomplishments. It felt a lot like the Stu speech. There was less of a contrast with Donald Trump or an argument made for Kamala Harris as early and as strong as that I would've personally liked to have seen. But look, I mean, Joe Biden did something that very few political leaders in world history have ever done, which is willingly step aside and, and pass the torch. And I think he deserved his moment in the sun though. I, I, you know, I don't know that that was the speech. Look, I I, I think it was the speech he might have given were he the nominee less than an argument for Kamala Harris.


Yeah, I I I was remembering when he was speaking in Playbook Today, there was a quote from Anita Dunn who's a, we all worked with and is a very close advisor of Joe Biden who just left the White House and now she's at Future Forward, which is the pro Kamala Harris Super Pac. She's talked about the speech. She said, this is not a time for legacy. This is a time for arguing why Kamala Harris is the best candidate. Seems like Anita did not really know the speech. Yeah. Or like didn't wait 'cause but it was, it was legacy And I do think that in Biden's defense it was every president gives a farewell address. And I think that his farewell address, whether it's Kamala Harris who wins or Donald Trump, God forbid it's not gonna get as much coverage because there's two other candidates.


This is probably the biggest audience he'll get until the end of his presidency. And so I think he wanted to make sure that he had this opportunity to tell the country what he accomplished. You know? Yeah. I'm trying to be generous and like show grace to this person that did something extraordinary that a lot of people asked him to do and many people said he wouldn't do. If your goal is to give a speech that does the most that you can to help Kamala Harris win, that was not the speech. Right. And I Hope when he is on the stump, that's the speech we get. I hope when he's out there over the next couple months, that's the speech we get. He said he wants to be their best volunteer. I love that was a great line. I really love that. But that means making it about the most effective version of the argument.


And this was much more about legacy than it was about I think winning. I think it, I agree with that, but I also think it is totally okay for him to have his moment. Totally. And it, this is not a situation where it's he's leaving at the end of two terms. Right. Like Obama with Hillary Clinton's Extremely unusual. It's extremely unusual. This was gonna, up until one month ago, this was his convention. He would be speaking on Thursday night, he spoke on Monday night. He got a chance to deliver as you said. What, like, I don't know what the audience was. It's obviously not as large. It would've been as if this, if they'd actually gotten it in before the network coverage. Remember? But it's gonna, the audience of this I'm sure is larger than whatever farewell address he would give in January of 2025. Yeah. And so let him have it, he deserves it.


It's fine. And I don't even know how, like what is the speech he would give that would be ma of massive strategic importance to Kamala Harris. So I think that at some point on the stump And I agree that like it was good that he, he deserved to give the speech he did tonight. For sure. I think at some point on the stump over the next couple months, he can talk about what it was like to work with Kamala Harris over the last four years and why she should be president. Why he thinks she should be president. What, like, what she helped him accomplish. Just like personal stories about her, what it was like working with her, what it's like being her governing partner for the last four years. Like I think that would be useful. Yeah. He there. I mean there obviously could have been more of that in this speech for sure.


He, there were times where he like weaved in Kamala And I did this. Yeah. Kamala, he tried. Tim Wallace will do this. Tried. Yeah, for sure. It just, I mean, and there is a segment of voters where he has value for her. Right. I do just imagine. I mean, listen, I we're nitpicking And I not trying to upset anybody, but he did this extraordinary thing where he stepped aside, he passed the torch, right? No one thought it was possible. No leader ever does this. If that had been maybe upfront the central focus of the speech, the moment why he did it, why he believes in her, it could have, I think, really been something unique in political history rather than, Hey, look at all this stuff we did. And look maybe that maybe Joe Biden is right. That like talking about prescription drug prices and what voters want to hear.


And dumb pundits like us want to hear the political new thing. I also like, we, we, a lot of it was like a, a a like a collage of things he said before, I almost said pastiche, And I stopped myself. It's a fine word. Okay. But, but you didn't. But I didn't. But I do think like, But you didn't write the speech. They don't let me, I keep asking. But there, there, there like some of the best moments I do think like were about policy and might be the kind of thing that get shared. Like where when he yell, when he said was always infrastructure, he didn't build a damn thing. you didn. That's a good line. I liked, I Also, the damn thing was a good line. Yeah. I liked that. I liked infrastructure Decade. The infrastructure decade. I liked Infrastructure decade. You didn't like it as much. I liked it.


I'm just saying I liked it. We can disagree. That's fine. That's fine. But I think, well, I liked The new line was he didn't, Trump didn't build a damn thing. I love that. I liked that. That I, but I liked infrastructure decade. Yeah. The, I was thinking as I was listening to the speech, I was thinking in my head, I have heard all of this before, both the, the campaign event or policy event he did with Kamala the last week. The farewell address. But then I thought it, like in my head how this plays out is if I was working like I did this with Obama All, the time is some reporter would tweet nothing new here. And I'd be like, Hey, dumb asshole. It's not for you. Not for you. The people we care about are the ones who don't pay attention every day. And that is true. Well, Let's talk about the people who might not have seen it because it, the program went far too long tonight.


Lovett, we're in day two. As as a fellow speech writer, should we go on a harangue about this? I'm like, I'm like genuinely, I'm like genuinely outraged about what's happening. Like people are speaking too fucking slow. And I don't know what to do to address it. I've talked about this on multiple, I can't stop talking about it once you see, you can't stop. But like people are not speaking over the applause. They're speaking at under a hundred words per minute. When you're watching at home, you can't hear the crowd. And so people are just standing up there in interminably. People's attention spans are lower than they used to be. I don't know why speakers are slower now than they were four years ago or eight years ago. It makes no fucking sense. Everybody pick up the goddamn pace. Everybody's on TikTok and watching cooking videos next to explainers about Reddit amass.


So everybody's gotta pick up the goddamn pace. We were all Actually remarking on this at the Republican convention, which, which was at home watching on tv. It sounded quiet in the hall now. We were just down on the hall. It was actually quite loud down there. People say that you could barely hear Hillary Clinton during her speech 'cause the applause was so loud. But it just doesn't come through on tv. They have to talk over the applause. But that is like the number having sat in sessions where there is speech coaching for speakers at conventions and elsewhere. It's like the number one thing they teach you. It's what they, I remember they taught Obama this in oh four, in oh four. That's why he was so good forever ever working for him. 'cause he did not know how to ride the applause. Riding the applause is people start applauding, but you just keep going because again, your audience is the people at home, not the people in the room.


And so I think that was an issue. There's also, I think the speeches were just too long, too long. And now it just for, I know there is an army of outstanding speech writers back there trying mightily to cut those speeches down. And the other challenge is you try to cut the speeches down and the speaker who was an elected official is like, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna do what I want to do because I'm an because I'm an elected Official. I know what the people want. I have to say, if one more person goes out there and asks, are you ready to elect Kamala Harris? And to get a round of applause, fucking cut it. Fucking cut it. There's too much rhetoric. There's too much bullshit in these speeches. Nobody can pay attention to this shit. Nobody cares. So We're recording this Monday night. I I guarantee that the Tuesday night speeches are gonna be a lot tighter, but like it's not.


And then Wednesday and then definitely Thursday, because you cannot Thursday they will, you cannot, they Will Push Kamala Harris. Yeah. If you, if you think bumping James Taylor is bad. But the other thing is, It's not animal house when guy smashes the guitar because wall. But it's not just cut. Like yes, they should cut down the speeches, but also people should go faster. Like a OC gave an awesome speech. Like they were awesome speech. Steve Care, Steve Kerr, Kerr Kerr. I know how to pronounce it. It's Third time we've corrected you. I it's spelled with, it's phonetic to me. But like, they gave really great speeches. They really moved. A OC was awesome. She was speaking over incredible applause. Yeah. And even she was passionate ama Content aside. Like I thought it was a great speech, but, but just as a, as a, an effective speaker and communicator, I thought she was maybe the, the best of That.


She wrote the applause. She was passionate, she was direct. She like, she like engaged with a crowd, but she was always moving. And more people need to emulate that because by the way, you'll be able to make a longer and stronger argument if you just keep moving through these speeches. Yeah. The Idea of a speech with the beginning, middle, and end. I know that proceeds sequentially instead of just in a ran a random array of various lines. I know. So obviously ton of love for Joe Biden in the hall. Of course there's a whole subtext here that he appeared in front of a party that as, as he thinks and has said, has like forced him outta the race. An idea that Nancy Pelosi didn't exactly dispel when she spoke to Jake Tapper today. Let's listen.


It Does seem like there's some residual bad blood or resentment and I'm wondering if you've spoken to him and, and, and what your response is to that. Sometimes you just have to take a punch for the children. I just, I Lovett I cannot believe you can deliver that line with this. Right. But sometimes you have to take a punch for the children. Well, She's said it on multiple occasions Now. I know. It's like a line she's using is the Implication that someone's gonna punch The kid. No, no, no. The implications. No, you take a punch or you can Help the children. Yeah. She's, we're all fighting for the children. And so if you wanna punch her for that, that's okay. The visuals you No, I know. That's why chin out there. Yeah. That's why I'm Laughing. But no, look, I, I Stick. So how much of a killer is Nancy Pelosi's? Nancy Pelosi?


I've said it before. I'll say it again. She's, what would happen if a pr bag with a gun in it became a person? And I fucking Lovett. I, I've always, I, you know, I used to end every episode of love and leave it by thanking Nancy Pelosi and people said I was a neo lib fucking chill. And now everybody's back on board. And I. Just wanna say welcome You, the, the Dean Phillips of Nancy Pelosi. Yeah. I Am the Dean Phillips of Nancy Pelosi. That's, that's, that's, that's a sentence that makes sense to Anybody whose brain isn't fucking broken. The other main speaker tonight was your old boss, Hillary Clinton. You bet. You bet. Who brought back a lot of Lovett's favorite lines. She also situated Kamala Harris's run alongside her own. Let's listen.


He's mocking her name and her laugh sounds familiar, but we have him on the run now. Lovett thrown to you. So I've, that was my favorite moment of the speech. I, I, listen, I've had a drink. I was feeling very wistful watching Hillary Clinton speak because, you know, she made the speech about stuffs, she made the speech. No, she made the speech about breaking the glass ceiling. And again, like if you're thinking like, what is the most effective argument that Hillary Clinton could make? Would it be as focused on history as much as the future?


I don't, I don't know. I actually genuinely don't know. I thought it was clearly very authentic to her that this is what she wanted to say. But I also just found myself feeling like, like there was moments in the speech where she was saying some version of like, I can see it happening now. Yeah. Like this, something is changing in America, we're really gonna do it. And her voice, there was one point where it like, didn't crack exactly, but there was real emotion carrying through that. Like, she genuinely believes, like this is a speech she's giving at the convention before we finally elect the first woman president of the United States. And, Ah, don't jinx it. But so, so I had two feelings, But that was my feeling the whole time. No was like, like, like, like, you know, we've got Trump on the run. Yeah. Like, it makes me really nervous. Turn around. No, she did say it right after that. Like, but no matter what the polls say, we gotta work hard.


So like, give her that by, which I Really appreciate, but I like turn around, throw salt over your shoulder. What are we doing here? But like, it was, it was personal for her. And I think similar to Joe Biden. Like this is the speech she wanted to give as a person who beat Donald Trump in the popular vote. And, but for James Comey would've been President And I. Just believe that. So yeah, again, another speech where I feel like it was more about the personal argument that the person wanted to make, but who are, who the fuck am I to say don't make that argument. I mean, we also think about this always through the pri the persuadable voter who might be watching. But there's also just an element of, Democrats love Hillary Clinton. They love Joe Biden. Let 'em give their speeches. Yeah. and there is this element when you talk to people in, over the last month since Kamala Harris has taken off where people are, they're so excited and they're then all of a sudden they're just like, but what about Hillary?


Right. Because they're, that is the Yeah. The subtext. The subtext of everything. And so she addressed that tonight. And her at least saying that this time is different for these reasons or it can be different if we do the following things and believe it can be different. Believe it can be different, different. And that she believes it's different is Mevo. That's not how you're getting someone who's choosing between Trump. And there's not a voter who's choosing between Trump and Harris right now who is just like one Hillary Clinton speech away from moving into the Harris column. But I think it's, you're Also just, so you're exciting anxious volunteers, right? Yeah, Yeah. You're just, you're talking, you're preaching to the choir and so much at the convention about preaching to the choir and that's okay too. Yeah. Alright, let's talk quickly about the two other speeches that really grab people's attention. we, we mentioned AOCs already and also Steve Kerr, coach of the Golden State Warriors and the men's national team, And a long time Bulls player speaking the United Center in Chicago.


Yes. Also true. That's like this was a, the, the ultimate home game for Steve Kerr. Right. And here's a sampler. Ever since I got elected republicans have attacked me by saying that I should go back to bartending. But let me tell you, I'm happy to any day of the week because there is nothing wrong with working for a living. Hi. For one. I'm tired about, of hearing about how a two bit union buster thinks of himself as more of a patriot than the woman who fights every single day to lift working people out from the boots Tre on our way of life.


Coach to coach that guy's awesome. Although I have to say Coach Walls way too much reliance on the blitz in 99 against Mankato East. You had a strong defensive line. I would've played more press coverage with your corners and then dropped the safeties into a Tampa two. Sorry. I wanted you to know how I feel every day of the NBA season. Alright. After the results are tallied that night, we can, in the words of the great Steph Curry, we can tell Donald Trump Night night, Do you know good a sports joke has to be for it to fucking kill with me.


I I I just, our audience might not be sports junkies. And it just like Steve Kerr making a joke about how specific the criticism is of professional coaches after literally every game is very, very funny in her play. Extremely well with like a big swat Of, I mean, and the Steph Curry Night night thing is a, which makes, which just happens. More people may know it because it happened at the end of the Olympics. Right. Explain it. Explain it. But is that when Steph Curry makes a three pointer, that basically is the final dagger that puts the game away. He go, he does Night night like that. And he did it after making That's not good sportsman. The most insane sportsmanship. That's not good sportsmanship. I don't like that He did it to the country of France. Heard he did to France. Okay then it's cool.


It was Very cool. Yeah. I love that. I was gonna say, I thought it was, there's a lot of Donald Trump hits tonight, obviously And I think some, in some speeches they can get a little, like, we get it. We're going back to like something Trump said three years ago and we're like rehashing the same thing. And I think that like mocking Trump or a light touch on Trump. Like I think the Night night thing was the, the right tone to go after Trump. I also think in a different way, AOCs the two at Union Buster who acts like, and it's interesting that she's, you know, the whole speech was about like economic populism, right? But she didn't say he thinks he's a populist, he doesn't think he's a working people because he thinks he's a patriot more patriotic than the woman who fights people every day.


And the fact that she worked in, and she can sort of combined patriotism as like lifting people up who are working people in this country, I thought was really smart. There is, first of all, I just a OC is one of the greatest politicians any of us will ever see the evolution of how she has, like, her rhetoric during this speech, the fact that she was somebody that like really defended Biden, which I think gives her a lot of credibility. Not just from the left, but like in the broader party. Like the way her, the, like that speech, you know, there are people on the right that just identifier with this sort of, you know, DSA, the kind of the, the leftism that they view as incredibly unpopular. But like, man, has she found a way to like speak?


I know. I was like, I don't wanna get her in trouble by the, the, the neo lib. PSA guy saying that she didn't sound like a DSA member, but she did not. Well She's a political celebrity, right? So she gets treated that way by the left for better and for worse by Republicans. But you almost forget about her bio, which was she was just a normal person like six years ago. And whenever I hear her talk about who she was so recently, I remember it takes me back to 2007 and driving around Iowa with Michelle Obama and her being like, you know what, me and Barack, like, we paid off our student loans a couple years ago and we still live in a condominium. Like we, we are able to be normal in rooms like this. Because it wasn't that long ago that we were literally just like you.


Yeah. You know what I mean? She doesn't, we We were normal not that long ago. And this is, and Tommy will know this, but we used to call Michelle Obama the closer 'cause they would put her in a room with undecided Iowa caucus goers and she would close the deal. And one of the things she would say, is there a lot of people who were like, we love Obama. I think he's amazing, but is he, he's not ready yet. Or I wanna vote for this person now. And she would say four years from now is not gonna be the same 'cause it's gonna be four years further removed from being normal, from paying our student loans, from paying our mortgage and all of that. And a OC has it in the way she gave that speech into redefine patriotism as economic populism. Yes. It's, I mean, it, it is a, we could look back at that moment just as a, just a very memorable moment in democratic messaging as a just a, a something new that has not happened before.


I think it also like lays the groundwork like Kamala Harris could do the same thing. In fact, she has been doing something very similar, which is her message. If you listen to Kamala Harris's stu speech, and I'm sure we'll hear this Thursday night as well, does combine a lot of economic populism with patriotism and she sort of wraps it together. Yeah. And I think that that is like maybe the most potent message Yeah. That a Democrat can deliver. And also, I'm glad that she highlighted that the stupidest critique Republicans could make of a OC is that she used to be a bartender. I know And I saw it was like the dumbest, like, like that does not land with any voters. Anyway, I saw people even falling for the trap. I saw some like right wingers being like, then I'll have a whiskey soda. Make it snappy. Like people being like super fucking sexist and gross about it.


There's something about to, like, there's something about the transition from Biden to Kamala and there's a moment to like, like this like moment of enthusiasm, like reclaiming the word freedom and reclaiming patriotism. I think were something a lot of people talked about. Like, can we do it? Should we do it? How do we do it? And then this sort of hinge point, let's say like, we're just fucking doing it. Yeah. We're taking these, we're taking these, these symbols back. We're taking this word back. And I. I Lovett just Lovett God's lips. Dan's message box. Yeah, exactly. Listen, message box was crucial in this, and we've always Said that many people are saying that Message box was the Dean Phillips of the patriot message. Yeah. No. And the freedom message, frankly. He's The I was doing that to 2021.


Yeah. Look, We've always said that Dan Pfeiffer is the Dean Phillips of Substack. We've been awake too long. I would, The other thing I was just say is Tim Walls, Steve Kerr, there is something about coaches Yes. And public speaking. Yes. And you can just see, wait, we saw this with veterans in 2006. Yeah. Where the DA CCC is gonna be out recruiting football coaches going forward, coaches Football, best coaches, coaches and bartenders. Yeah. Steve Cur should run for office. I mean, he's incredibly talented. He's a great speaker. He is a great leader. He is a great motivator. Like As long time friends of the Pod. No, back in 2017 he was on Po Save. America. That's right. Yeah. He went up there, you went court side. Elijah And I went to Warriors Practice and we interviewed Steve Kerr and we asked him if he would run for office and he said definitely not.


Okay. Well, yeah, but that's what you say Do. But you know where Steve Kerr is from Arizona. Oh, come on. Steve. Steve


Pod. Save America is brought to you by the A CLU project. 2025 is a roadmap for a tyrant. But we elect presidents, not kings. The A CU has released their own roadmap for defending civil rights and liberties in 2025 and beyond. Rest assured, no matter who is in the White House, the a c U'S legal policy and advocacy teams are ready to protect immigrants, defend reproductive freedom, safeguard voting rights, and fight for all our civil liberties. Get the ACLU's roadmap at alu.org/stop.


2025


POS Save America is brought to you by Oracle. AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete with costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than or Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed in less than half the cost of other clouds. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/psa. That's oracle.com/psa oracle.com/psa.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day. When your schedule is packed with kids' activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there's a lot going on right now. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


All right. So while Democrats were legitimately thrilled about their party and bursting with more energy than we've seen in years, Donald Trump was in New York, Pennsylvania with a pretty dry message at a manufacturing plant. You know, they, they had a few, few surprises, few off script a couple times according to the reporting. His advisors really, really wanted him to stick to the script. And he he did, he got a lot of plotts for doing some of the economic talking points off the prompter. Yeah. He Makes it through a speech without saying the C word. He gets a fucking pat on the back. It's unbelievable. But then he also did, he also did a lot of this, You know, he said, we are weird that JD And I are weird.


I think we're extremely normal people, which like you. Exactly. Like he's weird. While Biden and Harris have been impoverishing our country, they have been getting rich, very rich at your expend, according to a 292 page report from the house oversight judiciary in ways of means committees in Congress. So sad because he's gonna be making his speech tonight. And they don't call him crooked Joe for no reason. They said President Biden engaged in impeachable conduct. I would've made billions of dollars in this job if I wanted to play that game the way they played it.


But instead I took the job very seriously. And very importantly, I can't believe that that was covered as partially normal. Mr. Whiner, he's, He's reading off the prompter though, like that's in the prompter. That's what I'm saying. And he's talking about, he's talking about a House Republican bullshit report and just making up what's in it that Joe Biden made money. He did not that Kamala Harris made money of the job. He did not that Donald Trump was just, you know, on the up and up when he was president. I mean, it was crazy. There's been some discourse about whether Democrats need to move on from the weird framing about Republicans in particular, JD Vanson, Donald Trump and And I agree on some level that like voters are gonna want more.


It was a great way to define JD Vance in the near term, but voters are gonna want to hear more about like what we're gonna do for their lives. But it is so deeply in Donald Trump's head after just a couple weeks of this, it clearly makes him so mad. Yeah, he's mad. We're calling him weird. He's mad that JD Vance is weird. He's probably getting All the memes from his buddies saying, why'd you pick this guy? Like it, it's got him off his game. He does that every day. Authoritarians hate being mocked and weird is also a a, a type of mockery. And like Donald Trump doesn't like getting made fun of, he doesn't like being mocked. He, the fact that the Harris Walls campaign, the way they are treating him, even though we all believe he is an existential threat to democracy, that is not necessarily the rhetoric we're hearing.


What we're hearing is he is a like washed up entertainer who picked a fucking weirdo for his VP and look at them, run around the country acting like idiots. I Think the most effective part of what Wallace has said, like, put the word weird aside, the, the part where he, the, he comes back to this over and over again, which is some version of, could you imagine Donald Trump or JD Van's doing normal things, making a McFlurry, whatever it might be. Laughing, smiling, laughing, smiling. Yeah. The, it it's such a smart, like Tim Walls just screams fucking normal, just like I'm a normal dad. You know, there was a moment tonight where his two kids were doing the, the rabbiters behind him. Yeah. And, and you just know, like you, you can't, you can't teach it.


You can't pretend you can't make, you can't fake it. Like he is that guy. Like that is, he's Kamala Harris also screams normal. And, and like that's why throughout this, like, you know, she grew up middle class, she worked at McDonald's, like these are just two normal people. I think in part, you know, she escaped some of the misogyny that hit Hillary Clinton in part because this was kind of, of thrust upon her. Right. So she retained some of her kind of normalcy and Donald Trump, like the otherness of him, the strangeness of him, like kind of really is like a direct hit on the populism. He's trying to claim it's, it like really is like an effective way to like blunt the power that I think he had and he just doesn't know what to do with it. Can I slightly disagree here? Yeah.


I, I am very resistant to strategies that are about triggering Trump to do something. Because you gotta get a persuadable of voters' attention twice. You gotta get 'em for you. You gotta, you basically have to get them to pay attention to what you're saying and you gotta get them to, to understand what Trump is, is responding to. And that's just too much context. I fundamentally agree that the beauty of the strategy to the extent be sort of underlying weirdness is mockery. And that is a thing that I think Harris has done and walls obviously has done incredibly well, is when Trump attacks them, they smile and laugh. Yeah. Yeah. They don't just get all serious and stentorian and like, just because we have lived, and this is, I've been really thinking as we've over the last couple weeks, particularly as we've been here today, like, what is different?


And the difference is that Kamala Harris has made politics about something other than Donald Trump. Yeah. Like she like peries him, right? Just like Yeah. When brush Him off. People are excited. You gotta brush him Off the question, her racial identity and said she lied about being black and her response was to smile, kind of laugh and dismiss it right away. And like, and that is the way you do this. Yeah. It's the way Obama would do it. And instead of just like, go into this, you could just see a different, an alternative world where it's, you go into, you give a full speech about what he did. Right. And everyone responds to what he did. And Which by the way is what Hillary Clinton did a lot in 2016. Yeah. And Biden did in 2020, like, and Biden did as well.


The strategy ha has worked in the past. Right. We won in 2020. We won in 2022, won in 2018. There, there is an element to it, but just I think that feeling has grown so tired where democratic messaging has the mere image of Trump. And to be something totally different now, It's also an understandably tempting strategy. Yeah. Because we, yeah, It's a great way to get Engagement. we, those of us who are Democrats and liberals and pay close attention to politics, we genuinely believe that Donald Trump poses a threat and is dangerous. Right. And so when he says something very offensive or something that seems quite threatening, we wanna respond by, you know, going to the barricades and doing that kind of, but for most people in the country who do not like Donald Trump, which most people don't, but you know, are sort of maybe open to voting forum or open to just not voting at all, holding him up as a subject of mockery as a clown is an, is an easier way in to persuade them that yeah, he's not the guy for you, the way You beat a want tobe strong minister who expose them as weak not to herald and, and worry about their strength.


Right. Right. Yeah. And I think he, it's, it's interesting that he has not been able to settle on a message about Kamala Harris that is both effective and one that he feels comfortable owning and delivering. He can't even pick a nickname. He can't even pick a nickname. He, you know, he was doing the like, okay, well she was vice president for the last four years, so she's talking about lowering inflation and cutting costs, but like, why hasn't she done that for the last four years? You know, it was like the first time when he said something like, oh, okay. I, I could see that being a message that of All the messages about her could, could resonate. Right. Because, you know, Joe Biden is an unpopular president, not just because of his age, but people are still upset about high prices and everything. But he can't, for some reason, he can't stay on that message.


The, the, it's, well, you know, Trump's strength is not that he's some great, you know, dev like nickname or some like, sort of idiot savant about that. It's that he throws his opponents off their game and yeah. All of this is a reminder that Kamala Harris is not being thrown off her game by Donald Trump. And that really shakes him. And then it, it also gets it like this sort of, look, we know what the Republican vices are, they are stoking fear and hatred and bigotry appealing to cruelty and All the rest like Democrats, we have our vices too. And it's a pious, a negativity, a kind of like, like self-righteousness.


And Trump invites that because it's fucking deserved. Right. It's fucking deserved. Yeah. But like the way Tim Wall is, the way Kamala Harris is, they're just rejecting that as a kind of politics. The joy is both an antidote to Trump, but also an antidote to democratic vices. Yeah. Alright. Just after the break, JB Pritzker sits down with Tommy and Dan for a very fun interview. Very fun. Where I guess you guys had beer. Yeah. Did it? That's awesome. Sorry, you guys skipped it. But before we do that, we're invited a lot of talk here at the convention about what's gonna happen in the swing states this fall. You know, what's gonna be happening in the swing fall? What's gonna Be happening? John, tell Us, Sean, two Things, two things. First at Least Pos Save America is going back on tour. Where are we going? Join us in Phoenix on September 7th, Ann Arbor on October 5th, and Philadelphia on October 6th, sandwich Town.


You can get your tickets at crooked.com/events. The other thing that's gonna be happening in the swing states, all of us are gonna be out there volunteering, calling door knocking, doing everything we can to persuade all those voters who are still on the fence. And if you wanna be as informed as possible about where those voters are, may I suggest this season of the wilderness? I don't even know that it's full of incredible insights. Not for me from All, the various smart people I Talked to. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Come on, John. Hey. Final episode, talk to David Pluff, senior advisor Harris Walls campaign. You guys Might know also Lynn Maverick, my favorite political scientist, Lynn Ric. Excellent. The, the episode before that talked to Anat Shanker, Rosario and Michael Pod Hoer about messaging. Great. Final two episodes and now I'm done with the wilderness. Hey, Congrats. For you know, what, if this election goes right, are we just done?


Is there no more season? we not, We're outta the wilderness. This The season. Fingers crossed. Look, this is what this election side season finale or series finale. That's Right. That's what this, that's what the choice is in this election. Alright, when we come back, governor JB Pritzker,


Do you find yourself searching for true crime podcasts that are different from what you're always recommended? Do you want to make a real difference in the cases that you're following? Well, you're a crime junkie. And I am, Ashley Flowers, the creator and host of the number one True Crime podcast, crime junkie. There are hundreds of episodes already available and each Monday we dive into the details of cases spanning from some of the most infamous to those that you have never heard covered before. Listen to Crime Junkie podcast. Now, wherever you're listening.


Hey everyone, it's Ted from Consumer Cellular, the guy in the orange sweater. And this is your wake up call. If you're paying too much for wireless service, you don't have to keep having that nightmare. Consumer Cellular has the same fast, reliable coverage as the leading carriers for up to half the cost. So why keep spending more than you have to Seriously wake up and call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com savings Based on cost of consumer cellular single line one, five and 10 gig data plans with a limited talk and text compared to lowest cost, single line postpaid, unlimited talk text and data plans offered by T-Mobile and Verizon January, 2024.


If you wanna bring coziness into your life, you turn to Barefoot Dreams. Now celebrating 30 years of coziness, barefoot Dreams is the originator of everyone's favorite luxe home blanket. There's a reason why Barefoot Dreams has been on Oprah's favorite things list six times. Dressing head to toe in Barefoot Dreams is the key to comfort as its ultra soft robes. Loungewear and accessories are each made with premium materials. Get 15% off your first purchase@barefootdreams.com with a code podcast 15.


We are here in Chicago on the first day of the Democratic Convention. And joining us now is Illinois Governor j Pritzker. Governor Pritzker Welcome. To Pod. Save America. Thank you. Great to see you guys. Okay. I know you have been planning this convention for a long time now. You've spearheaded getting it here in Chicago, you've planned it and then one month ago, something no one could have foreseen. We had a switch of candidate. How has that affected the planning? What did you guys have to do to account for that? Well, let me start by complimenting All. the people who put this together 'cause Mignon Moore, for example. Alex Hornbrook from the DNC, and then of course our host committee. So they deserve a lot of credit and they were gonna put a great convention on either way. But I think what you're asking about is, you know, the, maybe two months ago it was questionable.


People would call me up and say, I don't know if I want to come. I'm not sure should we throw a party? I don't really think so. I mean there were a lot of people like that. I hate to say And, I have to say in the last 20 days there's been a lot of change. People literally calling me up. Like, how do I get a credential? You know, my seven relatives want to come with me. Everybody's throwing a party now. So, I mean, just to give you an idea, I mean the electricity, the enthusiasm is high and you can feel it in this building. And we haven't even gaveled in yet. Yeah, you can feel it on the street for sure. Walking around today. Yeah. People are Excited. The hotel's excited. Also, we should say thank you very much for bringing us some J beers. Yes. Some local beers. So Dan And I are boozing during this interview, just so everyone knows. Yeah.


Yes we Should. It's great. Well there's specialty beers, just say so. Save the can at the end. 'cause you know, it was my staff that put the label together J Beer, but it's actually made by, well we've got an IPA made by Alter Brewing here in Chicago and a a lagger made by sketchbook. I mean these are really actually really good beers. Yeah, yeah. So enjoy it and keep it as a Sweet air. I would just note that Tommy and my beers are open. The governors is closed. He's got a lot to do today. He's a busy guy. Yeah, we are. we we I'm cracking around six 30. That's right. That's Right. We're we're podcasters So. we got some free time. So there's a lot of history for the Democratic Party in Chicago and for the Democratic Convention in particular. There were some really awful images from the DNC that have haunted the party for years.


And a lot of Democrats have been worried about history repeating itself this year. You're talking about the Macarena, you're the governor Of Illinois came up to my joke. Can you pledge that no one will be doing the Macarena tonight or ever. Well, I was at that convention, so I actually did the Macarena at that convention. And I have done one recreation for somebody. So no, I cannot promise that that has already happened. Do You feel like it's fundamentally dishonest to invite thousands of people to Chicago in August and not have them experience a lake effect winter snowstorm? What do you Mean? It is 74 degrees like this all year round. It's perfect. All the time. I don't know. I don't know what you, have you not been to Chicago before? I guess I must have blacked out that the great part about working on campaigns in Illinois as we were talking before, is they're over in November.


So you get to, you know, figure it out. Well, I mean we were here for a couple winters, And I would say we appreciated working in a building that had, was connected to All, the other buildings with an underpass. Yes. So. we, you could get to work in the morning, leave late at night and never go outside. Look, you Don't appreciate a spring and a summer unless you've gone through a Chicago winter. That's true. That's true. And, and Chicago summers are spectacular. Yes. I, I'm not exaggerating when I say that or you know, I'm, I am a little biased, but, but honestly these are some great summers. But yeah, January, February, my brother who lives in LA always calls me up and says, you know, how's the weather And I always remind him that I love everything about LA except the people Don't, don't hit on an LA based company. My brother. My brother. So, jokes aside, there are a lot of protesters in the city, some of them are pro-Trump, a lot of them are concerned about the war in Gaza.


How do you balance their constitutional right to protest with the need to keep the city running, to keep this function going? Like tell us about how you plan for that and allow those voices to be heard. Well, We started out with, of course, the principle that people are allowed to protest. And you know, I've been to almost every Democratic convention since I was able to vote. So that's an awful long time. and there have been protests at every single one of them. And so it's our job to protect the protestors in their right to protest. What we aren't gonna protect, of course, is the troublemakers, the people who are trying to cause mayhem or violence. Right. And we haven't seen any of that. And. I don't expect that. We'll see any of that. I do think we're gonna have vigorous protests.


They're loud. Sometimes some guys walk around with a loud speaker just hooked to themselves, you know, around their neck. Yeah. So let's Lovett. Yes. Yeah, Exactly. and our, you know, our goal is protect them, but it's also the residents of Chicago and the 50,000 people that are coming to visit making sure they have a great time while they're here, that they don't have any problems. And I have to say that the superintendent of police here in Chicago, very experienced guy, he's well liked by the department and everybody in the department. And, and so far the planning here has been amazing, right? Every level of law enforcement is engaged. Secret Service, F-B-I-A-T-F, and then of course the Cook County Sheriff's Office, the Chicago Police Department itself, Illinois State Police.


And then we've got surrounding police from surrounding states as well as surrounding communities in Illinois. So there's a lot of law enforcement. There's also, this is a national security event. So people who have this, you know, thing in mind about 1968, it was a whole different ballgame back then, right? It wasn't, you know, we didn't live in a world where there was this kind, you know, the terrorism that you sometimes see. And so there's a lot of protective engagement, protective equipment, people keeping things orderly on the ground. And then, you know, our job is to make sure we got a great convention for people who come. And as you've seen already, it's a beautiful place, United Center, and it's been put together so that I, I think everybody watching at home is gonna enjoy the show.


You sort of built a reputation as a very direct ignatious messenger for the Democratic Party. You sort of willing to call Trump and MAGA Republicans out on their bs. It used to be in the party that we were, we sort of, when they went low, we went high. What's your take on the tone so far? You've heard from the Harris Walls campaign? I thought I was going high when I, when I took them. Look, I High by non Chicago standards. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, you know, I, I, look, the fact is that we live in a, in a world where the Republicans apparently know, no, look, you know, there's that, there is no Nader to the low that they'll take. And so it's unfortunate, but we've gotta make sure that people understand how dangerous the guy on the other side is to democracy and the danger that he poses to working class families across the United States.


I mean, I don't think anybody actually believes that he's in this for them. He's in this for himself. He's in this for Elon Musk. He's in, in this for the wealthiest people in America. And, and we just have to keep reminding people of that And I. I've, you know, yes, I, when I ran for governor in 20 17, 20 18, every speech I gave, I'm not exaggerating. And you remember, he had just taken office. So every speech I gave started, you know, with everything we care about is under siege by a racist, misogynist, homophobic, xenophobic, And. I wasn't predicting anything. He'd already shown all of that. Talked about him as, as somebody who is genuinely just a narcissist.


And so I haven't stopped because he's still a narcissist. He's not changing. Apparently even the threat to his own life that occurred hasn't changed him. I think we all had hoped maybe he might change, but no. So this is Donald Trump. You know, the, and we all have to call it out and make sure that we're saying it over and over and over. We have to remind people. 'cause here's what happens, you know, the media set, you know, when you've got a week where Donald Trump acts normal, And, I can't remember a full week of that. Yeah. It's like long weekend Monday and half a Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah. Barely that, you know, maybe a couple hours in the middle of the night when he is sleeping. But, you know, the media forgets, or they, or they say, oh my, look how normal he is. You know?


And, but we can't forget. I mean, this is a guy who spent his entire career lining his own pockets and frankly, defrauding a lot of other people. Now he's been convicted of it 34 times. So I think we just have to keep reminding everybody, and have I ever thought this way before in my life? No, before 2015, I never thought we'd be in a political system where we're literally name calling. Right? I mean, on the other side, he's calling people names, making things up like it's eighth grade or the fifth grade, you know, recess. And so, look, I I, I hate that politics have turned into this. I I, I grew up in an environment, you know, my parents were democrats through and through, but we knew Republicans, we had Republican relatives.


I mean, Bob Dole, you know, Howard Baker, Jack Kemp, right? That all seems tame. You know, George W. Bush as wrong as he was about the Iraq war. I mean, a tame, you know, somebody who's like a patriot, but just disagrees with us. We live in a whole other world now. We got a lot of work to do. What Do you make, speaking of name calling, what do you make of the new democratic message calling JD Vance Macro Republicans? Weird. I mean, I think it's a good w summation of a lot of stuff that we've heard about them and a way for people to kind of put it all together and, you know, and And, I. I do think there's some weird things that I've heard about both of the candidates, of course, over time, but it's not something, it's not a campaign theme that we can carry through for the next 79 days until election.


I just think it's a good way for everybody to sort of stop and think, like, eh, maybe not those guys. This is not normal. Kind of pause. Put 'em on the couch for a minute, evaluate 'em. Maybe a little more catharsis than constructive, perhaps. Yeah, that's, well, that's fair. It feels good. I mean, it's a short lived minute, but Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Republicans love to attack Chicago. I mean, we experienced this when we were working for Obama. They talk about crime, they talk about, you know, the Democratic party stealing votes for Kennedy in 60. We were talking earlier about how, how for of the last 10 Illinois governors wound up in the pokey. Congratulations for not Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah. Really appreciate you guys giving me a microphone that has crooked on it here in Chicago. So yeah, In hindsight, that was a mistake.


Rod Vic's hair also a mistake. Everyone, Chicago, Illinois is being showcased this week. What do you want people to take away about this city, this state that they might not know or that might not kind of be the, the caricature they see on Fox News In particular? Well, I hope the first and most noticeable thing is it's a beautiful city, right? We we're on a lakefront. We've got beaches here, you know, some of the best blues you can find anywhere in the world. We have great Chicago pizza and hot dogs. And of course, you know, the, the, the bear has shown everybody we can do Italian beef better than anybody. So there's a lot to be said just for like, it's a great city to come visit and certainly to live in. I, I think the other thing that I'd like people to know is that, you know, one of the reasons we got chosen for this convention is because we've carried out the basic values of the Democratic Party, which are the basic values of everyday Americans, right?


Here in Illinois, we have protected reproductive rights here and workers' rights, which we put into our constitution and voting rights and civil rights. We've stood up for our L-G-B-T-Q community. And then guess what? We've created jobs. And I want to give Joe Biden a lot of credit because a lot of jobs have come back from overseas as a result of some of his policies. And here in Illinois, we're winning a lot of those companies coming here and also union jobs, right? And people getting a good wage for a good day's work. And so those are all things that Democrats stand for. The Republicans do not. They are against every single one of the things I just said. And so here, if you stand on top of the United Center where we're sitting right now, you literally could point to seven things that happened because Democrats made them happen.


I'm talking about improving our economy, building our roads and bridges, right? Broadband just, i, I mean lifting up communities that have been left out and left behind. Those are all things that are fundamental principles of the Democratic Party that here in Chicago and in Illinois, we have carried out. You mentioned the Bear. I wanna talk about the Bears, Chicago Bears. You got a great new quarterback. I think you're three and oh in preseason. Are you ready to predict a Super Bowl victory? A hundred percent This year in your lifetime? What are we talking? I didn't say when. Okay. Just gonna happen at some point. It's gonna happen. Yeah. So you, you want, I mean, Remember I'm also a Cubs fan. So, we waited 108 years for that.


And, and it finally came. I don't think we have to wait that long for the Bears. I might add, but it has been a little while since we were in a Super Bowl. Now The White Sox are 30 wins, 95 losses. Do you take responsibility for that too? Or is this you pushing them off to somebody else, whereas a Bears fan, are you okay with it? What are the politics here? I take responsibility for the teams that every Illinois and loves. And, and I'm talking about even Cardinals fans. That's hard to do for a Cubs fan. But, but meanwhile, I'm a Cubs fan through and through. But I, I want the White Sox to do well. 'cause we've had a lot of years where Cubs weren't doing well. White Sox were, and So, we need, you know, we want parody at least, or maybe Cubs doing a little bit better, but, but I, I'm, you know, I'm a Sox fan and we wanna make sure they do well and you know, people who live on the south side and love the socks.


Yeah. You're shaking your head like you can't imagine wanting to sox to do well. Well, Obama, Obama, Obama was a White Sox fan. Yeah. He's a White Sox fan. In 2005, John Favre, And I were sitting in his senate office and you guys swept us, and he found a broom, came over to our desk and started sweeping off our desk just to talk shit directly to his two lowly little employees. So. we Swept the red us as the Red Sox in this, the Red Sox were swept by the Chicago White Sox. I see. And Barack Obama decided to rub our faces in it, so, yeah. Yeah. Well I would do that too, if it'd been the Cubs. Yeah. As as you should. Yes. And also the Red Sox. Come on guys. Greatest franchise in history. Everyone knows that. Alright, I'm glad you went up the Bear. 'cause Chicago is a great food city.


We had Famous Chicago in David Axelrod on this podcast last week. Yes. And John Favreau, our co-host, asked him for some restaurant recommendations for people here at visiting Chicago. And Axelrod turned into some sort of politician and refused to name a single restaurant. Wishy-Washy Garbage Wishy. Yeah. He was a, he thought he went to offend anyone. I don't know what happened to 'em. Are you, what advice can, can you be, have a little more political courage in Axelrod and give people some good advice on where to eat in this great city over the next several days here? Well, Should I start with I love All, the restaurants as evidenced by my size. I might add, we have some great restaurants and it is a foodie town, right? We got a lot of James Beard Award winners and frankly, you know, some of the best food you can find in the whole world.


Wiener circle. Yeah. All the wiener circle. Yes. So I love the way you think. Yeah. So, so, you know, there's, there are a lot of places to recommend. I, you know, there's, I I must say that if you're a steak eater, which we get a lot of great steak joints in town, I'll name a couple, but I'm not, I'm gonna get 'em all right. Chicago Cut Gibson's is a classic. I think everybody who's visited here as a tourist might have at least stopped there once. And then, you know, we got 77 neighborhoods of Chicago. So you can imagine we've got, you know, a cultural delight anywhere you go in the city of Chicago. So rather than, you know, And I, by the way, I took some friends out and we did a steak crawl.


Okay. Ooh, that's aggressive. Yeah. I like this concept. It's aggressive. Tell me more. I will say there was, there was a lot of alcohol involved also, but, but we did a steak crawl and no, we did not each have a steak at each of the five restaurants that we went to, but we got one steak at each place. They thought we were crazy. We walked in the door and said, could you, you know, give us a New York strip, medium rare, and cut it into, you know, this Number of pieces. Did you mix, cuts different cut at every restaurant? No. Okay. No, it's exactly the same. Every, Oh, New York shift at Every place. And we had, and we had a scorecard. Ah, yeah. Oh, nice. And so I'm not gonna tell you which one won, because that really would be taking sides. Yes. But ax is not wrong to, you know, have difficulty naming one restaurant for your couple In Access defense. He did imply that Manny's Deli is the one place you should go.


I I, if you're certainly, if you're in politics, I gotta say I, every one of my election victories has been proceeded by a visit to Manny's. Oh, that's good. Wow. That's a good tradition. Yeah. When, when Mike Dicka briefly pretended he was gonna run against Barack Obama in 2004, he would only do TV interviews from his restaurant, which I believe is called Ditkas in the kind of Gold Coast area. It was, which I thought was a savvy Marketing move, move. I don't think so. Yeah, no, I think it went bankrupt. But r he backed Trump I think so He did. Boy Did that goes, you know, hand in hand. Trump the hard way. Bankruptcy. There you go. That's Right. Well, governor, thank you so much for being here. Yeah, Yeah. Great to see you guys. Thank you. Yeah, good luck this Week. Thank you. You too.


That's our show for tonight. Almost friends of the Pod subscribers get an exclusive bonus segment. We're gonna be doing these subscription segments every night where here, and each one's gonna be a little different. This next one, Tommy and Dan will be answering audience questions, telling some behind the scenes stories and playing a round of take appreciator with Elijah. I hear They kiss sign up in front of the Pod and they, 'cause I think they kiss. But you've gotta be a subscriber to get it and to watch it. You're Already a subscriber. Sign up if you're not, sign up 12:14 AM If you head to crook.com/friends or up the Apple Podcast app, that's it for us. All of us will talk to you tomorrow. Bye everyone. Bye. Let's go home. If you want, get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at crook.com/friends.


And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming.


Matt de Grote is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Keman, Molly Lobel, Carol Aviv, and David Toles.


I am Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. We've got a new miniseries for you called, not Built for this. The series is about climate change, but not in the way you might think. It's about how the complex systems that govern our lives are not designed for the tectonic changes that are coming our way. Because right now we're all living in a world that was just not built for this. You can find not built for this in the 99% Invisible feed on SiriusXM Pandora or wherever you get your podcasts. Don't forget to follow nine nine PI, so you never miss an episode.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. When you use Angi for your home project, you know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started at Angi dot com.