
Meta's Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few. Because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits of ai.meta.com/open.


Today's Presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. As we wrap up the holidays and look ahead to a new year, it's a time for reflection and fresh starts. While you're making resolutions and planning for 2025, it's a perfect time to think about enhancing your home and family security this new year. Take control with Simply Safe's home security. Right now, you can save 50% off your new SimpliSafe system, their biggest deal of the year, but you need to claim your discount today. You guys know we live SimpliSafe here. John Lovett set one up himself. You can turn it on and off from your phone. It's got top of the line sensors and it'll keep your whole family safe, even your beloved family. Pet SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they break in. Old school systems only take action when someone is already inside your home, and that is too late. SimpliSafe active guard. Outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it happens. If someone's lurking around or acting suspicious, the agents can see them in real time, talk to them directly, set off your spotlights, and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. Plus, there are no long term contracts, no cancellation fees, and it's around a dollar a day. For all this protection, SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal. For all our listeners This week only you can get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is your last chance to claim their best Offer the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett and Tommy Etto. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Well, Guys, we made it. It's our last show of 2024. Both have hats. Oh, the tribe has spoken. Yeah. Wow. Hold that. It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Been been saving these for a while. Unbelievable. We Thought we'd get a little more mileage out of 'em, but It turns out short and sweet like the Viagra of Etsy purchases, you know, one time deal. Well, they look Great. It's gonna Deliver. It's just for those listening at home. They're both, they both, after we began, they both put on their, the tribe has spoken hats.


That's right. Not one for Dan. They didn't get Dan in on this. We've been Saving them for this Occasion. No, But my task is to remind people. 'cause it was so long ago that you were on Survivor At one point. Yeah. Yeah. And The season just ended this week, right? That's right. The finale was last night. Yeah. And many months ago I was on Survivor. I Saw You're still in the, you're still in the intro. 'cause I turned on the tv. That's right. And it was on and there you are. I saw a picture of you embracing your nemesis slash frenemy old friend. Yeah. Best friend. Turned frenemy. Turned what? Now we're friends again. You know, Andy's out there living his dream and then that's fine. But No, but there, I have a picture of, of our meeting, which was funny. He's a me. Anyway, I saw all the, I saw all the, my fellow cast joints.


How do they remember? Yeah, they remember me. I was like, you remember me? Short guy. First day, you're like, you're a producer, right? Yeah. Pod, pod something. Yeah, that's right. Podcast. You did a podcast. All Right. All right. Okay. All right. It's our last show of 2024. And that means it's our annual Pundies episode where we will rank the very worst takes from a very bad year, including our own, if they could find any, you know, we'll also do our annual New Year's resolutions, which we always break and always forget. Not to suggest that anything is more important than dunking on each other's worst moments, guys. But as we're recording this on Thursday afternoon, LA time, the US government is basically in total chaos and non-essential functions may shut down just in time for the biggest travel week of the year, all because Elon Musk tweeted us to the precipice of a government shutdown.


I think because he thought the, the funding bill had too many pages. He was upset with the height of the, the, the height of the stack of paper was, was upsetting to him, Aesthetically not pleasing. So He, he started tweeting, and then Trump got involved, and then they, they killed this bill that had been negotiated with both parties very carefully. It was gonna pass, killed the bill. Then they, now they're, as we're recording, there's like a new bill. Doesn't seem like they have the Republican votes for that, or the Democratic votes for that. And the government runs outta money Friday night. And who is the current president? Right. And is that person involved at all? Do we know what that person thinks about this? I believe there was a statement from the White House on Wednesday evening.


Right. That's all we've heard. President Trump's been doing some, posting some truths. Elon Musk has been tweeting up a storm. JD Vance, I think has been tweeting. My Favorite part is when Vivek pretends he's an equal partner in this Doge thing. Yeah. Yeah. Just like, he's like, you know what, Elon walks around with his kid on his shoulders at all times. That's the debate. This little silly guy, I guess, I guess in the old version and the new version, the new version of the bill, which doesn't know if it's gonna go anywhere, that, that Trump and Musk approve of the big changes. They were able to eliminate funding for childhood cancer research. He's gotta stop. So that losers kids with cancer winners, pharmaceutical middlemen, pharma managers, and, and China.


Now we can, we're allowed to invest more in China. Yeah. It's funny that Elon Musk does a lot of business in China. A lot of factories. A lot of Teslas would want restrictions on US outbound investment in China to get knocked outta the Bill. Yeah. It's a coincidence. So that's what we're watching. Merry Christmas. Everyone wonder How it turns out. Dan, what do you think? Anything, any thoughts? I think that we sh that we, there has been a lot of criticism in the Democratic Party and on this podcast, podcast about Joe Biden's absence from the scene. It is time to make a, the, a bug a feature, and let's let Donald Trump own this shutdown. Yeah, I like that. Just this is between Mike Johnson, Donald Trump, Elon Musk. Have to figure this out amongst themselves. Let them do it. And if they don't, this is on them. You boys work it out. The new the new click.


Okay. Anyway, let's get to the good stuff. So we have not seen any of the takes or categories in advance. So without further ado, I'm gonna turn it over to our guest host, the take master general himself, Elijah Cone. Elijah. Looking good. Thank you. Yes, I did put on my talks. This is the biggest night of the year for me. We've never done The Pundies after an election loss, let alone one like this. So I was so thrilled when this got put on my plate. So fun. Such a fun year to, to reminisce. Here's how it will work.


We're going to go through a number of categories for bad punditry. I'll read you a take, you'll react. Then we'll go on to the next take. At the end, you'll decide who won the category. The category winners will compete at the end for worst take of the year. Have you guys seen a dog show? It's like a dog show format. Hmm. Yeah. You've said this a few times. Yeah. You've dog Show. He's saying that first, you know, first you put up the sporting dogs up to the little dogs. The, then you got the, you got your, your, your, your other dogs, and then the best dog in each category, you know, pugs and so forth. Yeah. They all go head to head in a final category where you're deciding squeeze their nuts while You jug them so they don't Move. Right. We're we're Right. Exactly. And where a group of adults decide. No, that was my takeaway. Decide, decide whether or not, not that's coming to me. Not a shihtzu is better or worse Right.


Than a Labrador. It's like, no, this one's better stupid. The answer is worse. Well, let's kick Things off then. Sure. For sure. We'll start out for an easy topic. This is kind of to wet our take appetites from the beginning of the year. The presidential primaries. Remember those? No. Yeah. No. We didn't really have one. No. Yeah, We didn't have none on our side. All right. Dean Phillips. Yeah. Dean Phillips is part of this. Here's a couple of takes. Let's start off with this piece from the Hill. Oh boy. After Trump wrapped up the nomination, a piece titled Trump's GOP is already dying. Here's an excerpt read by one of our wonderful Pod Save America producers. Republicans have built themselves a party whose sole purpose is to appease and gratify Trump in the process.


They're quickly losing appeal to anyone else in America, including some of the party's most faithful warriors. The MAGA movement, once so skilled at enforcing loyalty is cracking Great reading. Great. First of all, that was beautiful. Wow. Grammy for spoken word sounds like, Is that a Adrian? That was a, that was a wow voice for radio. You got, who was that? Is that how, what, what are we, What are we doing? Well, you Guys are, We're we're, I figured you guys would be, We're doing the winning tick. I figured you guys would react to each take as we go, but we could just do got all But I figured. No, no, no. But it's not like a guess who did the Oh, no, no. Reacting to the take.


Yeah. Yeah. My reaction is that one didn't pan out. Yeah. No. I think it's be theme Tommy. Yeah. Would that it were that it were True. I feel like there was a lot of that going around. Yeah. A lot of that. Probably, probably some on this very podcast. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. Some witch casting, you know? Yeah. We're always talking about the crack, showing the crack The Good America. We don't care about cracks. I think we had, I think we had like 45 episodes that had some kind of title about like Trump grip on the GOP loosens Question Mark. But we always put a question mark That's true. Protect ourselves. Yeah. And boy, was that answered. Yeah. The Minute we're just asking questions on this podcast. Yeah. Alright. Anyway, Next up, we have billionaire Bill Ackman talking about Dean Phillips's chances to win the Democratic primary ahead of Michigan's primary.


Let's take a Listen. Biden's doing very poorly in Michigan. His polls are terrible. The Muslim community is not happy with him, and he really has spent no time there. And so if he's embarrassed in Michigan, it could be a catalyst for him withdrawing. Then Dean will get funding if he wins Michigan or shows well in Michigan, and people say he's viable. He's the only choice we have. He'll attract from the center, he'll attract from people Republicans who won't vote for Trump, of which they're a big percentage. Could be 60% or more. It could be 70% won't vote for Trump, and also from the Democrats. So I think he's a really interesting candidate That was just premature If only, right?


Yeah. If only he got the top right. He just rung not the primary, the general Oh, right. Bill Ackman never misses that. That honestly, it's like that that take, has that take it? Was it aged poorly and then it aged well again. Right. I don't Know if, oh, I, I thought No, it started, well, it started off started, right. If, if you'd cut the first 20 seconds of that. Well, I guess because he didn't, he didn't end up competing in Michigan. Right. Well, right. I guess what I mean is just that, like the, the liabilities he was describing were correct. They ultimately did become kamala's liabilities and cost us the country. Mm. So there was some truth in that, but Dean, but Couldn't get it done, wasn't the way, he wasn't get it done. He wasn't the way Cassandra, if you will. The best part about that take, or the worst part, I guess, is the way in which Bill Ackman speaks so confidently about something he does not understand at all.


It's like, if I decided to, just, to just expound on astrophysics on this podcast, Right? I mean, that is his brand. That is Elon's brand. That is the brand of all the bros, the billionaires who are running the government now. I don't know, maybe they're smarter than they seem. They're, they're having a better holiday than we are. And to round out the category here, we have another piece from The Hill that was written after the election, but it's about the 2028 primaries. It's titled America Needs Another Reagan. Nikki Haley is already following his path to power. The piece, as you might imagine, is about how Nikki Haley is poised to win the 2028 Republican nomination. Here's an excerpt.


The 2024 election might go down as the first podcast election. Trump benefited from appearing on podcasts like the Ben Shapiro show. Tim Poole interviewed him and his appearances on Theo Vaughn. And Joe Rogan helped secure his victory during the election. Harris was tepid about doing podcasts and leaned more toward the mainstream media, which appears to have cost her. Hailey, on the other hand, understands the appeal and has started her own podcast Again, Another show on the way to a good take. I was gonna say, I love these takes that are like mostly right. And then swear, You're Like, crashes into a wall right at the End. Right at the end there. Couldn't stick the landing. Couldn't stick the landing. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, her podcast is rocketed up the charts.


What is her show called? I don't know. Okay. I don't know. It has not, has anyone heard it? It's, it's actually called Call Her Nothing is what it's called. I can't wait for five years from now when we're doing this exact podcast to look back on our respo on the, the worst punt take will be our take about this in our incoming president-elect, Nikki Haley. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, she's really kept, has she said anything since the, I mean, I guess it, it just shows her reach that I, I cannot tell you anything that Nikki Haley has said. No idea. Or made news on her podcast. Anyway, we wish her the best.


Nikki, come on Nick. Come on Pod Save America. You're always talking. She's in the, she's in the quiet car of the Trump train. So, who wins? Who wins the category? Oh, it's, it's called Nikki Haley Live. It's, it's not, it's, it's, I think it's on SiriusXM. It's a, it's a show. It's a Radio. It's a radio show. It's A radio show. It's our sister show We're doing, by The way. She's In the family. Those are the cross promos we've been doing. Who was the first one? The first one was the worst, right? Yeah. The first one was just wrong. Just completely wrong. What was the First name? Trump's GP is already dying. Trump's GP is cracking. Oh. Oh, oh. Yeah. I think that has to be the, that's it. That ha That's the one that we can be sure of. Can you tell us who, who authored that? Yes, I can I please tell me.


It wasn't, it wasn't an issue of mess. Message box. And, and how, and can you also tell us how many more takes from the hill are we gonna do for it? That's it. We're done with the hill. The hill to die on. Huh? Who Was it? Eja. That's right. Max Burns the hill. Oh, max Burns The hill. Washington's second choice to read on the toilet, right? I think it's like third Or fourth now. Oh, you guys didn't get the memo that we're doing All Hill takes for The Pundies this year. Alright, justice for roll call. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Alright, let's get to the good stuff. Appetizers eaten. Here come the main course. The worst polling take of the year.


Oof. This was Terrible. Gonna take clip from polar coaster. This was a terrible year for polling. Or was it? Cross tabs are in the eye of the beholder. Let's take a look at the worst polling takes of the year. First up, we have Nate Silver. Nate's modeling was actually pretty accurate this cycle. But in October, he got into a Twitter fight where he made a big bet with a super rich investor named Keith Reis. Here's the Exchange Boy, which will be done in a dramatic reading by our producers, SA and Farrah. Nate, you are a buffoon. Minimum Trump win in Florida is eight points and more likely 10 to 14 points. Dude, You've gotta stop huffing the Twitter vibes.


How much money are you willing to bet on a Trump plus eight point spread in Florida? A hundred K. Okay. Have your lawyer drop a quick contract and it's a deal. nate.silver.media at gmail.com. No contract. No bet. Because you've been nutty lately on our payment risk. Donald Trump won Florida by 13 points. Did he get, wait, did we ever get confirmation as to whether there was a deal? I don Did he ever send So think Well, you know, what happened is there was, this was revisited. I hate that I know this. This was revisited when the New York Times the other Nate dropped a poll about Florida, a Florida poll in the weeks before the election that showed Trump, I I think up 13. Yeah. 13 in that poll. 13. Yep. Nate Coen basically nailed Florida.


And so when Nate dropped this poll, then everyone started ragging on Nate Silver about the bet. But I don't think the bet had happened. Oh, well, Lucky for Nate. That's, I don't Think it's friction, but boy is that a bad take? Yeah. God. Just the confidence Too. It's like, it's like how many of us have had takes that we were so sure of we put a hundred thousand dollars on the line. It's, it, it's also just like, even where there are times where I like, I feel sure of something. I'm so chastened by the history of recent events and my awareness that the future will come. Yeah. And you'll have to measure it against what you thought in the past. All right. Okay, next. Our next take is for a really nerdy topic for the pulling sickos. Here's serial pulling poster Adam Carlson talking about race.


Depolarization the theory that Trump wouldn't win a larger share of the black vote. Speaking as a pollster. It's wild to me that people take early polling at face value without question. Even at the subgroup level, believing wholeheartedly we're about to undergo mass racial depolarization simply because the polls told me. So is an easy way to look silly in November. Thank you to whoever found this one. You're Welcome. Look, you know, to, to his credit, it did not put a hundred thousand dollars behind it. Yeah. And I think admitted he was wrong in the end.


Yes. To his credit, he did tweet out verbatim. Yeah. I was wrong about race, depolarization Race, step, race step for the real nerds. That's what they were all calling it and mockingly. But Yeah. And even more importantly, it's a huge problem for the country. What's happening, you know? Although I think less racial polarization is helpful. I, I honestly, yeah. I don't think, sure. I guess like, I guess I don't think we wanna be polarized by race. It's not helpful for us right now because we win, I mean, in the Battleground states. But yeah, it's, well all, I mean, it'll Be less divided country if we are all Republicans. But that's also not The world I wanna live in. You know? Just 'cause we have trouble now getting white people to vote for us and black people and Latino people. Yeah. I'm calling that a problem. Yeah, That's a problem. Yeah. We just suck.


Yeah. Anyw, who Else you got? No, You knew this was coming a couple of days before the election. Ann Seltzer dropped her famous Iowa poll. It had Kamala Harris leading Trump by three in Iowa. In reality, Harris lost in Iowa to Trump by over 13 points. Trump is now suing Ann Seltzer because here's a clip from friend of the pod. Sarah Longwell reacting to the poll when it came out. Never, she's not been the wrong one. Like, there have been times where she has produced things that look like outlier results. And what pollsters learned is that when Ann sell's poll looks like an outlier, you better shift your polls to think more like hers. It doesn't go the other way.


Right. I think it, the rare take that will appear on The Pundies and in discovery, A take so bad, it might get you thrown in jail in Sarah Long Well's defense. She was right there. I mean, seltzer has historically been right. She has been someone who's been willing to put out polls that did not match the herded class. But yeah, it ended up being very, very rough. Look, We, we all saw, we were getting on a plane to, to Vegas from Phoenix, and we were, we were cheering, we were excited. We got ourselves. It was exciting. It's quite exciting. Yeah. I think the, I feel, I feel like the interpretation that Sarah has there is completely fine. The hope that the, that seltzer was right is completely fine.


She's taken enough shit for this poll, and she had the kind of courage of her convictions to do a poll the way she was accustomed to doing it, taking what the data showed her and releasing it, which is what a lot of pollsters refuse to do, which is why all the polls heard she got this one wrong. But it, but it may just be truly one of those things where there was an outlier, which should happen in a lot more polls. Whose take are we judging Sarah? Or, or the poll? I think this one's goes to Anne. Yeah. Okay. Got it. Yeah. Anne's polls wrong. Yes. You got that. Lock her up. Yeah. We have one more in this category. Sometimes the worst poll takes are to bail on the polls altogether and come up with your own pseudoscience method of predicting elections. Professor Alan Lichtman is a man who claimed to have a system like that called the 13 Keys.


He became quite a character in this cycle with many takes and posts. But here's one example that we particularly enjoyed of him getting into a fight with Nate Silver. Nate Silver claims to have applied my keys to predict a Trump victory. He doesn't have the faintest idea how to turn the keys. He's not a historian or a political scientist. He has no academic credentials. He'll be wrong again in trying to analyze the keys. I mean, this is tough. No, No. Is, I actually don't think it is. I think it's the fucking keys. It's Definitely, that's why I was leaning, that's why I was leaning. I mean, like Ann Seltzer is being sued and did have the biggest mist from the best pollster ever. But again, she said when she put out the poll, it could be an outlier and I'll be comfortable with that.


Like, she actually, it, She made a joke. She said, you'll distribute my ashes over Des Moines did. And now that's What the lawyers will do. Know what? It's out. It's Alan Liman hands. Yes. Yeah. Because You know what, because there's pe where people, people make mistakes. People get things wrong. The best methods lead to an incorrect result. But she had the humility and like the expertise to put behind it and the rigor. This guy's running out there being like, I've, I've been in the sarcophagus and found the secret eye that tells you how politics will be in the future. And it's just embarrassing. I Love making up your own system. It's like a, it's like a degenerate gambler. It's like, oh, I always Yeah. Hit on red sevens like, Okay. It's, it's muddy at the beltway. And honestly, Nate Silver, while spectacularly wrong about Florida and putting a hundred thousand dollars on it, you know, I, I guess I have a little respect for putting the a hundred thousand dollars on it.


Yeah. Money your mouth is in public. That's pre, I mean, I don't know if you actually did it, but even saying that Right. The rest of us are, are cowards before time. Mm. Okay. So Alan Liman winner. There you go. Congratulations. Or loser, depending on how you Think about it. Do you think Trump will sue Alan Liman? I, Oh, I hope so. Think, is that wrong? Is that the wrong? I think he'll end up being end up being Commerce Secretary. Let's Move on to a category that you guys did request this year. The worst Blue Anon slash Blue MAGA discourse of the year. If you don't know Blue Anon and Blue Maga are what they sound like. Just pro Biden right wing influences that are died in the wool. Willing to go to the mat for the president. Let's get into it.


First up is a post from Pro Biden influencer, Chris Boozy, responding to the calls for Biden to step down What Democrats are doing to Biden and Harris is no different than what Republicans tried to do on Jan six. The only difference is no one is storming the Capitol building. That is a key difference. Key difference. The, I think I was told by this person directly that I was January 6th thing Joe Biden. As, as, as were all of you. Yeah. I'm Pretty sure, man, you were deep in your mentions. If you, you could pull off, off memory. I mean, Chris Boozy take, Chris Booze has quite a few followers. Dan the, quite a few followers. The, this is an insurrection commentary was some of the dumbest fucking shit.


And like the indignity of having to actually walk through why it's so fucking stupid. I don't think we Even have to, I I don't think we ever had to. We never did. So stupid. If you're, You're Either stupid if you're up to believe it or you're full of shit and I don't need, I don't need to convince any of those people. Yeah. You know, if you think that trying to pressure Biden to step down was like January 6th. Agree to disagree. Yeah. Good luck in good luck in life. I hope you figure out how to tie your Shoes


Of America is brought to you by the ACL U. The A CLU took over 400 legal actions against the first Trump administration. Now they're getting ready to defend our rights and freedoms starting on day one of the second Trump term. But the A CLU needs your help to do everything it takes to hold the next Trump administration accountable. Join the A CLU now before Trump takes office. Your support will help the acl, U'S legal advocacy and organizing teams put their plans into action and fight back at the first moment. Trump attacks our rights. join@aclu.org.


Positive America is brought to you by Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going. All you have to do is breathe into your Lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. Tons of people here at Cricket are now using the Lumen. It's super easy. You just wake up in the morning and you blow into this little device. It tells you whether you're burning fat or carbs. And it generates a nutrition plan for the day to keep you firing at your best level. It's just a really cool idea. So if you wanna stay on track with your health this holiday season, go to Lumen dot me slash crooked and get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/crooked for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift too. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Pot Save of America is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you. With premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month, there's no catch. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Two of our staff members here were Crook Media just made the switch to Mint Mobile. They sent us some quotes. Here's what they had to say. Raven said, the connection is really clear even when I'm commuting all over. Super helpful. When I'm on the go all the time. D is using his Mint mobile phone as his bat line and he says, I love calling my friends from this phone. It rocks. The data connection has been flawless. To get this new customer offer and your new three month unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/crooked. That's mint mobile.com/crooked. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at mint mobile.com/crooked. $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan, additional taxes, fees, and restricted supply. See MIT Mobile four details.


Next is opposed from a now deleted account that shows the direction that the conversation took in the days post Biden and Trump debate. Let's take a listen. My guess is, some top media owners were on Epstein Island. They're taking down Biden and Democracy to save their own skin. This is so good. So good. I remember this one Too. Okay, so let's do another take. But this time kind of more Throw it away. Who was that? Who Was That? Yeah, they deleted their account. We couldn't find who it was. Their script. Oh Yeah. Yeah. So this is somebody claiming that it's a conspiracy on Epstein's Island to remove Joe Biden. I, again, I remember, I think I have this one saved somewhere. Wow.


Missed it. Missed it. Do we think this person really thought this or they were just trying go going? Yeah. Just strolling. Yeah. I remember being struck by who it was. So they might have deleted their account, but it was not some like rando with two followers. It was a re it was like a, it was being, it was being retweeted. I think it was called like St. Ashley's stair car. Yes. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Wow. That's a deep pull. I Don't know. It was a, I think it was a like a K hive person. John, I don't wanna fast forward ahead to the dear resolution part of this, but I have some ideas for you. I think you do. I think you do That. That is chilling. The two of you pulling that name out there and being like, I remember who said it. It was this that is chilling. Yeah. If, if, if, if the text exchanges between Elijah and I end up in discovery, this is what it's gonna show.


Don't let Just this don't, don't let them shame you, John. All right. Next is a post from a very popular resist account. Seth Abramson. Let's take a listen. No, the call for Biden to step down is not organic. It is the closest thing to an internal coup American has seen since what Trump tried to do at DOJ in 2020. I mean, I wanna know, did Chris boozy go first or did he go first? Did Seth Abramson go first? 'cause they're very similar. Yeah. There's a lot of blue MAGA going on Right. January 6th. The coup. I mean, it wasn't an original thought. It was sort of the dumbest thing you could pull for in the moment. Yeah. It's very frustrating and stupid.


I do think South Abramson's been on the mark. You know Terson game theory. I know. Is that, is that, oh, that's else. No, he's not the game Theory guy. He's the, what happened to that guy? Where'd that guy Go? Oh, that guy's, I think I believe fully Red Pilled now. Oh, that checks out. He's guy that checks, He's tulsi. He's deputy at DNI time. Now it's really time for some game theory. Yeah. And last, we have a super viral post from an influencer named Tristan Snell. It's a photo of you guys. Stephen Colbert, John Stewart, Rob Reiner, John Cusack, Chris Hayes, Stephen King, Michael Moore, Seth Meyers, and George Clooney. The captain simply reads, these are the folks calling for Biden to quit.


Gosh. If only there was something they all had in common. Playing on the discourse of that time that it was racist to call for Joe Biden to step down in favor of Kamala Harris. Yeah. Yeah. The kicker is Tristan Snell is racist. White racist. Yeah, for sure. For sure. For sure. He is another kicker. Kamala Harris Black. Right. That's also an important thing to note. Yeah. Joe Biden white. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty white. That one wins for me. 'cause it's when you, when you're think of the most ridiculous theory, Joe Biden should not run for reelection is racist, I think is number one. It it Was, it was pretty bad. A a white guy accusing other white guys of being racist for trying to deone a white guy.


It, it reminds me of this other, like, you'll see like a white male comedian refer to white women and make fun of them. Mm. Because he knows he can't say women. Mm. And so he has to add the white so that he can make fun of women. Mm. You know, it's like, I'm suspicious. I'm suspicious. Color me suspicious. That was a good one. Yeah. That was That, that I think that wins for me as well. Yeah. That, that also was a moment where also the worm kind of turned. Yeah. I was just like, are we really that, like are we really doing this? The replies to that tweet Were actually encouraging about the future of the internet. I mean, I will say, I don't even gonna name the person. There was a member of Congress who went on CNN and, and not only said that it was racist to call on Joe Biden to step down, but that it was ableist.


Right? Sorry. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No. And you know what? Honestly, I, I would like a cogent, comprehensible president if that makes me an ableist. So be it. If that's what ableism means now, it was then I'm an ableist. It was ableist. Unbelievable. So we're deeming, we're we're crowning Tristan Snell to move on to the best in show category. I think so. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great. Let's move on. That's a, that's a great tweet to worst discourse of the year. This is a little different. Ooh, This is good. This Is good. We're not just gonna do the, a single take. We're gonna sample a take and then talk about the whole discourse. 'cause 2024 was quite a year for discourse.


Much like the toilet is quite a place for shit. And if that comparison left a bad paste in your mouth, get ready to bucker up for these. First up. What else do you want in the toilet? Elijah Halle wrote that. Shout out Halle. That was a good one. First up we have the debate commission discourse. Joe Biden and Donald Trump organized their own debates this year. Instead of working through the nonpartisan debate commission, many pearls were clutched. But here's a particularly wonderful string of buzzwords from New Jersey assemblymen and RFK Junior Advisor, Jamele Hawley. He called the Commission on Presidential debates, an institution that has stood as a beacon of nonpartisanship before saying this.


Regrettably, the sanctity integrity of the debate process are now facing mounting challenges as political operatives discreetly maneuver behind the scenes to undermine the established norms and protocols that have long governed these crucial events. So, So the discourse is the, is skipping the debate commission. Yeah. The norms and the protocols. And rip the debate commission. So that was about RFK Jr. Believing according to the, the rules that have traditionally been used, that he would've gotten a slot at a presidential debate, which, which might be true. And then there was a separate discourse about whether it was bad for the country, that the debate commission was basically ignored.


And then the candidates spoke directly and figured out debates with the networks. Right. The commission on Presidential debates was, was formed in 1987. This wasn't like the Founding fathers. What are we talking about here? Who also didn't get a lot right either. Okay. That's a little warmup discourse. You guys want to get to the real stuff? Yeah. Warmup. Real shit. I The real discourse. Yeah. And amuse Bo. All right. Next up we have Chapel Row. Not endorsing Kamala Harris. Forcefully enough. This was a moment that combined several issues. Israel and Gaza, L-G-T-B-Q writes the youth vote and the importance of celebrity endorsements. Let's take a listen. Here's Chapel. Rowan Actions speak louder than an endorsement.


Here's the full quote that a lot of people are just not reading. I have so many issues with our government in every way. She says, there are so many things that I would want to change. So I don't feel pressured to endorse someone. There's problems on both sides. And I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills. Use your vote, vote, small. Vote for what's going on in your city. The change she wants to see in the US is this election year. She says instantly is trans rights. They cannot have cis people making decisions for trans people. Period. So, hear from my mouth, if you're still wondering.


No, I'm not voting for Trump. And yes, I will always question those in power. I'm sorry that you fell for the clickbait That kicked off a shit storm for a week. You know, it was, The whole thing was, so everything about it was stupid. Everything about it was frustrating. Like, I love Chapel RI think chapel r like a lot of the people criticizing Chapel r should go outside and touch grass. And like, I'm being perfectly clear. And then kind of like a pun, just like fucking losing it.


Like, like the, like being like, how dare you misinterpret my completely elliptical and confusing way of talking about politics. Allow me to make myself perfectly clear. I'm once again gonna say something similar that's very hard to interpret. It was like for no one, and it's like you're not a political expert. You're putting yourself out there. You became incredibly famous in this year. That must be an insane amount of pressure. Why are we, why are we doing this? Well now that we can look back on the race, I think we would all agree that celebrity endorsements were the, the difference maker. That's true. It Just depends on your celebrity. Right. Winners, Hulk Hogan, Joe Rogan, Losers, Taylor Swift.


Beyonce fully Opted out of this discourse at the time. Me too. I paid no attention to it. Yeah. I mentally muted the whole thing for a week. I did too. Yeah. Well, I think, I think like, like the, the bigger thing to take from, it's not like this one moment about Chapel Rome, but like, you know, like there was like a big chunk of people. Like, like there were like, the people that got behind Trump were super excited and gungho about it. A few people were like that about Kamala. But there were a lot of people like Chapel Rowan that felt like it was uncool or problematic to full throated League. Get behind a Democrat. And like, I would like that to not be true in the future. Mm. It'd be great if we were a place a, a movement where chaperone was excited and it was valuable for her to be a part of it. And for in both directions. That'd be cool. That'd be nice. Boy would it. Boy would it. Yeah.


What a discourse. All right, next up we have the discourse. Should Democrats be doing more to reach men? Here's a tweet from our friend Travis Helwig, who texted me before this to say he disavows his phrasing but stands by his point. Let's listen. If Kamala loses, which is very possible, there needs to be a real discussion about how Democrats speak to and reach young men. There are very few straight men under 40 in the Democratic consultant class. So when I try to reach young men, they come off as deeply inauthentic. This spawned many responses accusing Travis of needing to shut the fuck up and hating women. Too many fags in the Democratic party.


Huh? Travis. Jesus Christ. I think if, if Travis had just left out that one clause about the makeup of the consultant class, he had a great point, which is we didn't do great with young men this cycle. Yeah. I mean, look, I think, I think when you look at democratic consultants, most of them are like men over 40. Right. The the under 40 men are, they're usually operatives, staffers, stuff like that. But I don't know. I'm, I'm 40 now. Look, Travis didn't, didn't word it artfully. You were 40. Yeah. I'm, I'm in my forties. I should have said. That's what I meant. But yeah, clearly we did have a problem getting men. Yeah. We have a huge problem. I think it is. I like, I think putting it at pointing at consultants is whatever, but like, it's a collective inability to sound like normal people.


Also a bunch of podcasts where it's like, Hey, you come over here, you can say whatever you want. We don't care. I don't love that. But on our side it's like, you better be careful. There are trip wires and you're gonna hit 'em. I will say that the gender gap, at least according to the exit, exit polls, ended up being not as large as the poll suggested. And that's because we did worse with women, John. That's Right. That's right. That's, that's what I was getting at Dan. That's what I was getting at. We were, we did worse with women. So I guess we had a women problem as well. Yeah. We had, we look, we have, we're having problem, problem, a human problem. We need more human, like we're having a a different reaching problem. Yeah. Voters, human beings. But I will say even among Gen Z, where we also had a big problem, the split was, the biggest split was college educated, non-college educated.


Not men, women. Right. So it's, and we'll see more when the data comes out. But we have a problem with people who don't have college degrees And a problem with Travis. And it a big problem with Travis. It's A huge problem With who does hate women. Yeah. Yeah. Who does hate women? For Sure. Well, appreciate you saying that. Here's our last discourse in a stacked category. You knew this one was coming again. Should Biden drop out? You guys were subtweet by the campaign after saying to drop out. Oh. Being referenced in the fundraising email as self-important podcasters, anyone who called for buying to dropout was called traitors by several parts of the internet. We read a lot of those kinds of takes in our blue and non section. What do you guys think?


I don't, I Don't have a clue. This is such a, this is such a setup. Think about what, Here, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, here's what I've just been, I've been thinking about just as we watch the final few weeks of the Biden administration and it becomes clear in just these past few weeks how ridiculous the assertion was that he was in shape to be president over the next four years. That my regret is that it took until not just seeing him once behind the scenes when we went to the White House. Not just seeing him a second time when we saw him at that fundraiser, but till the debate to be full throated honest. 'cause I feel like I, we, This I wasn't there. I I said, didn't I say, I said my said, I was said when we saw him.


Yeah. Well some of us were there. I'm sorry I'm not. He Was at the Clooney Fundraiser. You At, that's yourself out Part of it. You're fucking part of it. You'll Be on the, you'll Be on the lawsuit. I like your collective tone. But like, I, I think like, because he wasn't dropping out and it seemed like a f of accompli, it was hard. Like we were very hard on, on Biden and, and wanting him to get out there to dispel questions about his age. But looking on it back, like I'd say is, could we have gotten there faster? Could we have pushed harder? I don't know. But I, I come away from that moment being like, like thinking more about how we got to that place in the first place. Yeah. Look, Joe Biden shouldn't have run again. The, the, the hard part about this was, what people don't remember is in the 2020 primary, there was also a conversation about Joe Biden's age.


And I think we all were on the side that he was probably too old to be running. Then said as much on the show, he won the primary. That made them very angry. They didn't speak to us for four years. And so in the midterms happened, I think Joe Biden took the wrong message from it in 2022, that democratic success in a midterm went a bunch of completely outside the mainstream, crazy Republicans ran for Senate East and lost like Dr. Oz. That it meant that the White House was strong, that he should run free election. And that was some sort of indication of his political strength. Obviously it was not. But I, I felt like from our, my position, like I was wrong in 2020, who am I gonna tell the incumbent president not to run for president in that moment outside some sort of like major event or indication.


Like I think we talked, well, did we get one of those? We talked a thousand times about the polling, about his age, concerns about it. We would constantly ask the question, how do you fix this? And I think almost every one of those conversations started with, I don't know that it is fixable, but if it is, here are the things I would try to do. They didn't really try to do any of those things. 'cause obviously there's been all this reporting now that, you know, keeping a full schedule was challenging for the president, et cetera, et cetera. So we don't have to belabor all of this, but that's kinda the backstory that people don't remember. I just think it's worth remembering that after the debate, Joe Biden was behind the whole time, time he was behind to Trump, basically from the summer of 2023 onward.


By the time the debate was over, Joe Biden had a 3% chance of winning the election. And The idea here was we could not go into election with a dangerous authoritarian who had a 97% chance of winning. So we had to look for another option. And that option was Kamala Harris, who probably went into it with a 45% chance of winning. And she was not able to get that last 5%. But the, I like, there was two questions there. Is the, could Joe Biden have served four more years? I think the indication is pretty clearly no. And is, could Joe Biden have win the election and the, by the time the debate was over, it was obviously highly unlikely he would do so. And there is one last moment to try to make a change, to give us a chance to win. He in the end, weeks later than we had hoped, but did step aside, Kamala Harris ran a very good campaign, not a perfect one, but gave her a shot to win an election in a, in a very, very tough environment.


And that's sort of where we, that's where we were. And, and I will say to all, not the blue and non people from the discourse section, but most people, like there was a, could be a good faith disagreement on Joe Biden's electoral chances or Kam ER's electoral chances. But in the end, most people came together to try to get her elected and worked pretty hard at it. I just wanna say one more thing here. Like Joe, Joe Biden. This decision was Joe Biden's and like a very small circle of people around him. And mostly family. Mostly family. And, you know, wall Street Journal was out today with like, he, he was more cloistered in this these four years than he ever has been in his whole career. He had a small circle of advisors.


Not a lot of other people got in. And I remember when we did a crooked offsite, like a year, more than a year before the election, and we did like a, a political section where everyone could ask us questions about the coming race and politics and all you guys, our staff, like peppered us with questions like why is Joe Biden running Joe Biden's too old? And I think then we said number one, no one is challenging him. No one has decided to challenge him. And number two, like he is deciding with the people around him that he wants to run for president. And he gets to decide. And people think it's like the party, this, that the other thing. Like he was, he wasn't even listening to members of Congress by the end at the, at the end. Like Chuck Schumer barely got to his house to try to convince him.


He was like, you know, he, he wasn't listening to many people, so. Right, right, right. But he did. But the pressure did come. The pressure came, but yeah. S too late. It was pretty close to pretty close to him not doing it. Yeah, That's true. So should Joe Biden drop out Worst discourse of the year? No, I don't think so. No. Some of the best discourse, some of the best and most were the best discourse we've ever had. Okay. So Chapel Roan or Travis or the Debate commission. Debate commission. Just nice to Travis Debate commission. We choose debate commission. Sometimes an ugly, shitty little pug makes it to Best In Show and that thing never wins. Dang. Okay. Debate. We're really doing debate commission as the worst discourse of the air.


All right. That's works for me. I mean, I just, does it Sound like it works for you? I, I didn't even know it was discourse. Really? Yeah. I was on paternity other ones and I was like, I can't believe how many pods we're talking about the debate commission, but Oh, did we? There was A lot of reminding people that they tried to kill Joe Biden by not making Trump get a covid test in 2020 test. Yeah, yeah, that's Right. That was Bad. Oh yeah, they did. They Did. All right. The debate Commission Worst Discourse of the Year. Love it. All right. I don't wanna give Travis that Not chap own. Okay. The most bizarre right wing take of the year, it was a banner year for right-wing takes. And I, for one thank our glistening waxy gray overlord Elon Musk, for all the accurate right-wing takes headed our way in 2025.


However, the right had their swings and misses too. Hey, they can't all be Tom Hanks died the first week of Covid and was immediately replaced by evil Tom Hanks. I forgot about that. Let's take a look. First up, we have something from Fab's close personal friend Jesse Waters about commenting on birthdays. The oldest president in history just got a little older. It's Joe Biden's birthday. The big 82 for the big guy and prime Time would wish him a happy birthday. But we have rules here. Men don't wish men happy birthdays. What a wow. Weird Thing to say. He's, he's always tongue in cheek about those kinds of things.


But it is just a reminder that masculinity is a prison that locks from the inside. Oh, is it gay to have a birthday? Fellas? Is it gay to wear pink Fellas? Can someone note when Jesse Water's birthday is so we can all wish him a happy birthday? I'll get it from as many people as possible. It's a funny bet. That's good. Just, you know, I feel like he, like, like Lut said, I think he needs it actually ninth. We got a minute. Sounds like he needs birthday wishes from his bros. Yeah. You know, From his bros. Close personal friends, John Favreau. All right. Next we have a right wing meltdown for Taylor Swift dating Travis Kelsey. There were plenty of worthy ec clips here, but this from OAN host, Allison Steinberg takes the cake.


Let's take a listen. Well, yeah. Soro sm owner music, but the devil surely owns her soul. Jesus suddenly becomes Jesus political. And now she's plastered all over magazines, airports, the NFL and now even the Super Bowl. It's just 24 7 nauseating coverage. And we're supposed to pretend we don't see the Syop. If Taylor Swift is really owned by Soros, we might actually have a rare chance to unite against him using Taylor Swift as the Trojan horse. Instead of pushing the alphabet mafia and murdering of babies to her fans, she should be warning about the dangers of the corrupt elites. I mean, that's something we could all come together on. Right. But of course that'll never happen with this guy pulling the strings.


Now will it? Wow. That is, wow. What an, I don't, I was waiting for what, what is the Trojan horse metaphor there? I think it's that. Yeah, I think it's that George Soros via his vehicle of Taylor Swift is going to push a pro-gay protran pro-abortion agenda At the Super Bowl. At the Super Bowl Super. I don't if she stuck the landing on that one. Her B what's the alphabet? Mafia. L-G-L-T-B-Q. That's LGB tt Okay. That, that, that helps a little Bit. Yeah. We're the Alphabet mafia. Wow. That's a, that was, that's, that's great for me. It's phenomenal. It's a contender. Yeah. The only problem with it is it, it's it's gotta be some percentage performance art.


Right. They know what they're doing. Yeah. They know. They're like, this is so crazy and ridiculous. It's gonna get me clicks. Yeah, I for sure, for sure. But I don't think she, she also was sort of incomprehensible. Oh, Absolutely. It's, it's also just like, like goldfish level memory. Like ca Taylor Swift has endorsed Joe Biden in 2020, endorsed Marsha Blackburn's opponent. Right. And got involved in a bunch of different issues. Ties, does Pride every pride when she's on tour. Like just, it just, this is just part of her politics. In the documentary, there's a documentary about it where she's on film talking about why she wants To famously talk About, She Talks about politics just like I know you're just paying attention. Yeah. But, but like, even though you don't have, like, The world exists when your eyes are closed.


Right. That's the's like the tour of, I know this is new to you, but Yeah, it's not new. Right. Next we have what is be quickly becoming a classic clip of RFK Jr. Being confronted with his own words by CNN's Casey Hunt about vaccines. Let's take a listen. So you have gained notoriety for your skepticism about vaccines and over the summer in interview you said quote, there's no vaccine that is, you know, safe and effective. Do you still believe that? I never said that. So stop me. We have the clip. Please play the clip. I play the whole clip. I just, I talked about that the media slanders you by calling you an anti-vaxxer and you've said that you're not anti-vaccine, you're ProSAFE vaccine.


Difficult question. Can you name any vaccines that you think are good? I think some of the live virus vaccines are probably so averting more problems than they're causing. There's no vaccine that is, you know, safe and effective. So you did say it. Do you still believe it? Well, I, here's what, here's what I, here's what I would say. First of all, I'm not anti-vaccine. How is that statement? Not anti-vaccine. Well, It's a guy Not anti-vaccine. I just think it will kill you, which I will repeat to everyone. I see. But boy, Do I feel safe. There's a, there's a fallacy and philosophy that Tommy will remember from his studies, which is, it's called No True Scotsman.


No, true Scotsman. Which is, he says, I'm not against vaccines. He is like, well, are you've said this or bad? I'm just for safe vaccines. What? Can you name any safe vaccines? No, I'm for safe vaccines, but there are no safe vaccines. What about this vaccines? But that's not a truly safe vaccine. What about this vaccine? It's not a truly safe vaccine. It's a way of, it's a, it's a, it's a way of claiming something while never actually allowing it to be true. And it sounds like Twitter. Yeah. Fun. Yeah. Guys gonna be in charge of the water. Enjoy everybody. It's very bad. Drink up, drink up, drink, Drink, drink while you can. Yeah. Get all Those Shots. 30 years from now, all the everyone's teeth are gonna fall outta their fucking face and be like, I wonder why this happened. This is a Good example of where we need members of Congress to, for once be really disciplined at his confirmation hearing and not give speeches and just be like prosecutors narrowing in asking him question after question to try to get him to say what he really thinks.


'cause he is also said that, you know, he thinks the polio vaccine killed many, many more people than polio ever did. You know, he says things that, like, he, he has this veneer of just asking questions. Asking, asking or I'm, you know, I just want more data or research, but underneath that are really radical views. And they, they just gotta tease him out Of him. You know? That's a great point, Tommy. It's now this is gonna bug me because like the January 6th committee now all facing jail time, the January 6th committee, like that was the first set of hearings where I was like, oh, they finally nailed it. They didn't go every member on the panel given their big, long speeches. No. Doing this, putting on their dog and pony show. That's so right. It's like they just, they had a plan.


They stuck to the plan. They got right to it. It was good tv. Wouldn't it be so nice if the Senate Democrats did this for all the hearings? You have one person who's gonna prosecute this Case, just pick, just, you know, flip for it. Like we said about the January 6th hearings. So good. They should be illegal. Oh, interesting. Do You know who the ranking member on the committee is? Who? Bernie Sanders? Yeah. Great. Oh, would, it's help. Great. Yeah. He'll Be good. He'll be very good on this. Great. By the way, if the J six committee goes to jail, we should produce a song with them. That's, that's Great. What if they Do one? What if they do one with the insurrectionists? We are The world style. That's good. Like a rap, like a rap battle. Like what's the raps? Like the, the jets and the sharks and Story. Do we think Mark Zuckerberg will, will put his hand on his heart for that one too?


Probably. Oh Yeah. Will I am we'll remix it. And our last take of the category, we have one of the most insane rightwing talking points of the election cycle. You know it, I know it. Let's take a listen. In Springfield, they're eating the dogs. All I can think of is people, people that came in can hear the song they're Eating, the cats they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame. Residents are reporting that the migrants are walking off with the town's geese, The down geese. They're Taking the geese, you know, where the geese are in the park, in the leg. And even walking off with their pets.


My dog's been taken, my dogs were so 77 million people. Thumbs up. Thumbs up to that guy. I think it's like we're the ones eating crow. It Feels like, in hindsight, one lesson here is that if your political opponent comes up with a dangerous conspiracy theory that incites people on a ma issue in the election, you don't turn into a catchy song and then have all of your influencers share it on TikTok for hours at a time. I Mean, you Think that was the difference maker Dan? Just saying Like, it's just, it's a, a way of thinking about things going forward. I like wanna listen to it. It's really catchy. They're Eating the Yeah, that's, it's in your head. They're eating the cat. It's great. It's great. It's great.


It's Springfield. They're eating the dogs. Who did this? They're eating the cats. The kni person. They're the pets of the people that live there. It's great. They're Eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Anyway, you know that. It's gorgeous. We had a, at Williams College, we had a steel pan band and I was the drummer of his. Did you Guess, Wait, what? Yes, yes, Yes. No, we had Aether. It was, there was The white guys with dreads. I was The only, I was the only white member. 'cause I didn't play the steel pan. I didn't know how to play steel pan. But I could play, they needed a percussion.


They to Play drum Tristan Sne. They needed To play a drum set. And so I played the drum set. I played the drum set in our, in the Williams College Steel pan band. There's a cool steel Pan band. And Any single human marchmont can, do you think crooked could put up a hundred thousand dollars reward? Nate Silver? You could put the video if this, it's Just before there was usual. It's just before you would be held a lot of videos. Someone At a flip camera or something. Yeah. Shameik Shameek was busy at the, at the fucking newspaper till two in the morning, wasting his fucking college life on op-eds. Oh yeah. Williams record. Really make a difference. Op-eds is the future. I was playing, I was playing music. All right, so who wins the category? We got Jesse Waters, Taylor Swift vaccines and the dogs and the cats.


Taylor, I think vaccines for me. Taylor Swift? No. Oh, wow. Taylor Swift. Well, it's just not to the fun thickness, not dogs and cats. So Taylor Swift, swift Dogs and cats. Jesse Waters. Is there another option? I forget. Vaccines. Oh, and vaccines. I think Trump's take really was the take of the year. I mean, it, it, it, it became the discourse. It's was the hinge point on the, it was the, on the, on the, it was one of the policy hinges of the whole election. I Mean, it is tough because it's like we're doing worst takes. It was like, it was like a bad take that won. But, you know. Yeah. Best, worst takes. I don't know. I'm still flummox by the fact that Lovett was in a college version and Humer choir. I know That's not right.


That's not right. So we're moving dogs and cats to the final group. I, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not wedded to it. No, that's fine. I I imagine more of a rusted root Dan, if we're Being honest. Oh, that's fair. That's fair for Love it. I mean, selling nitrous balloons and there is an argument for vaccines. Just because now we're gonna be living with that. Like, I, right. That's the take That can kill. Yeah. I mean, the problem always is we don't really have any scale for making these, so it's really, Let's just pick one. 'cause we're, we're dragging this out. Hey, vibe out. All right. Dogs and cats. All right, cool.


Okay, we're gonna take a quick break. But before we do that, a reminder that now through January 1st, we're offering 25% off new annual friends of the pod subscriptions. A Friends of the Pod subscription is the single best way to help Crooked Media continue our mission of building a progressive independent media company at a time when it's never been more important. Plus, you'll get access to ad free episodes, exclusive bonus content, a Discord community, and more. Signup today at crooked.com/friends, or through the Pod Save America Feed on Apple Podcasts.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. The holiday season is, as they say, the most wonderful time of the year. It can be filled with joy and happiness, but it can also be the most stressful time of the year. Scheduling conflicts, added expenses, family dynamics and drama can all take a toll. So it's important to slow down and not lose sight of your mental wellbeing. Therapy is a great way to do just that, not only during this stressful time of the year, but all year long. And BetterHelp online therapy is a great way to get into therapy. BetterHelp is designed to be convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a credentialed therapist that fits your needs and preferences. Once matched, you can connect via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So this holiday season, give yourself a gift you can appreciate. All year round therapy's important. Obviously, it's been a stressful, stressful time, stressful couple weeks, stressful couple months, stressful year, nine years. It's a great gift to yourself to go to therapy and, and talk with someone about it. It's, it's, it's really helpful. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/psa.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Give. Well, you like to optimize things. You've chosen the perfect credit card to maximize your travel points. Shouldn't you handle your charitable giving the same way? Give well spends 50,000 hours every year doing deep dives into charitable programs to try to find the ways to do the most good for your dollar. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate more than $2 billion. Rigorous evidence suggests that these donations will save over 200,000 lives and improve the lives of millions more. GiveWell wants as many donors as possible to make informed decisions about high impact giving. You can find all of the research and recommendations on their site for free. You can make tax deductible donations to their recommended funds or charities And give well, doesn't take a cut. Go to Give well.org to find out more, or make a donation select podcast and enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know you heard about them from us. Again, that's Give well.org to donate or find out more. And then select podcast and enter Pod Save America at checkout to make sure they know we sent you


Meta's. Open Source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all, everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


And now for the coveted worst take of the year from a Pod Save America host. Time to look and, Oh boy, here we go. Let's kick things off with John Lovett. Play the clip. Being a speech writer is about figuring out the best way to convince a bunch of people too easy come along with you or agree with you, or support you. I think that's a lot of what Survivor is. You know what? That was a good take. Technically True. Take technically True. Technically True. Yeah. And Good at both. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Really cr crushing on both this year. I got my finger on the goddamn pulse this year. Yeah. Thank you.


Thank you for that. Next up, next up, next up. We Got Tommy Vitor talking about VP Choices. Oh no. I think Christy Nome is a potential favorite to be the vice presidential nomine. No electoral benefits of South Dakota. There are none. But I do think the Trump campaign knows that abortion is likely to be the single biggest headwind for their campaign. They want diversity on the ticket. That could be gender-based, that could also be racial diversity. I think they'll ultimately decide that Donald Trump is gonna need to peel off some of the suburban women that he has lost to Joe Biden. They're gonna need to try to push back on concerns about stripping away abortion access.


She's terrible on the policy, but I do think they're gonna view it as identity. This was, this is a great take Of all, this Is a totally frank take this totally take This Was before the, the puppy killing thing. Mm. And, and it came out her book, key Context, the puppy murder. And this was me and Brian Tyler Cohen ranking 10 different candidates. So we had to make a case for everyone we chose. This is bullshit, Tommy. They, the judges. They're fucking you here. Thank you. You, you know what I would do if I were you, I would sue them. I'm looking at you. So Well also she did, she did become the Secretary of Homeland Security. Yeah. She's DHS now. That's not Nothing. Yeah. Now she's in charge of the tsa. The, the i, the one, the one thing is, it's funny 'cause like that was a very like, cogent and reasonable take, but Trump was like, actually I don't need to worry about any of that.


I'm gonna pick the opposite. That's right. A piece of shit guy that makes women uncomfortable and it won't matter. Abortion. Abortion. A headwind. No. Disagree. I'm for whenever you guys are all for I think people hate the Biden administration so much that I can choose one of the biggest assholes around. Yeah. Yeah. Tommy, it was a good year of takes for you. We had to dig, we had to dig out of Thank you. Year two pods and go to liberal tears. All right. Next up we have Dan, after Trump was convicted. Let's hear it. The prevailing narrative that the conviction won't really matter is, I think, pretty disconnected from both what the polls actually say in the reality of an election that is likely to be this close. Mm. I stand by that 1000 Look, and It, It, it's, He would've won by 10 if he had Counteract.


It's not, it's hard to prove. Yeah. Hard to prove that. Well, that's good. That's Good. And the polls are a snapshot in time. So do better Well, next time, Elijah. Yeah. I I feel like I bet. No, no, I think polls are, and that's so important to keep in mind that polls are, if we've never, if you've ever heard us say that polls are a snapshot in time, I just think a lot of, I take so Sometimes like a shitty Polaroid. You know, if You look back on the year, what you take away from all of these, like very reasonable, like, these are all opinions about like, ways things could matter at the margins in a race that wasn't really fought on. Like, that's like, but we were, but Oh, but would would that it mattered, but we're so fucked. It doesn't, I hate that Less. But even still, I mean, like the always made, it would come down to a hundred thousand votes. It came down to 237,000 votes. Right. That's true. That's true. All Right. And last we have, I Don't like John Frow reacting to Joe Biden going on Seth Meyers.


Oh no. I, I was so happy with that. I was so happy with, and like, you know, the, the appearance was not perfect. Right. Like, he still trailed off at times. You know, he interrupts himself once in a while. But if you are, if you're someone who's like, wondering whether he's sharp enough for the job or knows his shit, like more appearances, like that should give you more confidence. I mean, he was pretty good on Seth Meyers. I remember that interview at all. You know, I I, I remember, I know. I'm not judging. We were all in that headspace. Yeah. But man, were we grading on a fucking curve during That time? Yeah. No, I mean, I, I thought you should have gone with the State of the Union discourse, which I think was looking back at, without talking about it. Grading on a curve. Yeah. Well, He was good. I mean, he was No, he was good at the State of the Union.


It was good. He was good. He was, he was fine. Like he was not, it was not the historic speech. It was treated by some people. But yeah, it was good. It was fun. Yeah. That Got in my head. It was at least evidence. It was evidence of energy and coherence. That's, well, that's all that's, you know, the point I was thinking about old Seth Money, And I would say by, by the way, that's the bar that we had set for ourselves. And it was too low. Too low. Every, we're like, Joe Biden is losing the election, but good news, he can occasionally do a public event. That's kind of a draw. What are we doing here? Yes. Not Winning stated the union wasn't forward looking enough. We did go through that tape. It was all, he did a good enough job.


He cleared the bar. This one we felt was forward looking. And it was, you'll, you'll be reassured by more appearances like this Eja. There were no more appearance. There are no more appearances. The debate is an appearance. Elijah, could you give us the, there was something, there was something missing from that take. What was the date of the take? February. February of 2000. 2024. Yeah. The, that was s okay. February 24th. Yes. Yeah. So after State of the Union. After State, so, right. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's, But that was, that's When he was cooking. That's when he Yeah, no, that was, that was, He was off the sea was No, that was After State of the Union. It was pre-State of the Union. That Pre of the, he was really Cooking the last little air out of the balloon, you know. Well, the Adrenochrome was really flying around At that point.


Yeah. That was the, the Seth Meyers appearance though, where Amy Poer had to come out. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, He, yeah. He was at the point where he was no longer doing things by himself. Who won the worst take of the year by a Pod Save America host. That's tough. I I think we're gonna collectively sue you for such bad takes. I like that Takes on our takes. Yeah. I, I will. Okay. Can I just, I, I have to say in terms of, in terms of bad takes, the meta bad take of the year was, Hey guys, I know it sounds crazy, but I'm gonna go on Survivor. I think it'll be good. Yeah, that's True. Like that, that was a bad take. Did you have Fun? Yeah, I had a good time.


Okay. I had a good time. Missed three dinners. Did miss three dinners missed? Three dinners. Three Dinners. Nice couple. I don't know. I don't who to pick. Maybe we shouldn't pick. Maybe everyone else. Yeah. You guys pick Couch, producer Couch. Not prepared. Hmm. I mean, Let the audience pick. Yeah. You tell, you gotta Pick best in show someone makes Best in Show. I'll say I'll, here's one thing I can tell you. Our worst take is not winning the Punti of the year no matter What. It's, thank you, Dan. That's a good take. Yeah. Good take Dan. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well then I won't give my opinion on it. It doesn't matter. No, no. Tell us what you think. Yeah, let's hear it. Oh, it's for sure.


You should be a reassured by more public Joe Biden appearances. Come on. I'll Tell you. You were, you were misreading John there. Yeah. I Didn't say more Public appearance is like this, Like that. Yeah. And The next one was not like that. It was an epic fucking disaster. Right. If Joe Biden performed like he did on Seth Meyers, the entire campaign Yeah. Be all different. All of us are really taking this well and not at all getting defensive about our takes. I, I didn't, I didn't go off for five minutes about how I was on a different show. Liberal Tears is knowledgeable. I think. I think we had bad takes. It's just not these takes Mike. But would Michael Phelps be as good of a swimmer if he had diarrhea in the pool and then killed himself? Huh? Probably not. Christ, I could name like five worst takes that I had.


Well, Go ahead. Yeah. Do it. No, no, no. Alright, let's go. The winning group. Worst Takes of the year from the primaries group. We have Trump's. GOP is already dying from the polling group. We have Alan Lachman's, 13 keys from the Blue MAGA group. We have wanting Joe Biden to drop out is racist from the discourse group. We have the death of the debate commission from the bizarre MAGA group. We have, they're eating the dogs and the cats. And from the worst take by a Pod Save America host, we have undecided. It's not winning. So, I mean, it's, Alan Liman Has to be, I think it's Alan Liman And I think, right.


Look, and it's funny 'cause it, it feels like, it feels like, like mean to like We're punching down. Yeah. But, but, but I think it's worth just saying like, there was a lot of people like Alan Liman, which were people that were looking at like a miasma of contradictory data and saying they knew the answer. And like, how many times are we gonna fucking do this? Because I cling to those people too. Like, you know, you're like, you're just like reading all things and there's this person like looking at it me like, here's why, why it's so clear what's gonna happen. And like, you want those things to be true. Like, you wanna believe those things, but you just can't. And this was like a signal ridiculous example of it. But no, you're not gonna confidently predict the future based on your 14 political science fucking keys.


Yeah. Political science isn't science. And I think you have to allow for uncertainty. Yeah. And when you speak in such definitive ways, I think you really leave yourself open to being punched down or up. Yeah. All right. Well, by history, that'll wrap up the 2024 Pundies. Thank you guys. Alan Liman wins. Alan, Alan Liman. Your, your prize money's in the mail, Which we send. I'm just gonna, now, I think now we can use a picture of Alan Liman for the Oh, that's Good. Maybe the one from the livestream he did that night where he was like, ah, My keys. Keys. Hey, we found a set of keys in the parking lot Key. Alan Lman. Come get your keys.


Key keys. Your keys. Alright, we've got one last order of business before we sail off into Crookeds Holiday break. Our New Year's resolutions, as always, will be confronted with our resolutions from last year to see how we did. Oof. Unfortunately, I'm up. First part of my resolution is like, similar to Dan's, which is my attention span's gone. I have a, a, a strategy, which is, I wanna take like a, a walk 20 to 30 minutes a day, maybe like Over 10 on this 10 Realistically, where I don't bring my phone and I don't listen to anything Back on TikTok. The silent walk. Yeah. The silent walk. John, how many walks did you take this year?


It would be zero. Zero. Silent walks. Not One walk without your phone. Not without my phone. But I will say, this is what I did. This, I did every Tuesday to my, my Tuesday's in the middle of the day. I would take a walk and I would listen to a podcast. I would not look at my phone. That's good. So Exactly. I didn't do it, but I did. I did. You know, it's mindfulness. I Can't believe You have gone small steps. You have gone back to back years of doing none of your resolution. Yeah. Don't forget the volunteering one of last year. Yeah. We, okay. How many years am I gonna get the fucking volunteering one That Our last chance to talk about it, but I, yeah. How's that late alarm you had that You, you had That leak out that carpal Tunnel Defrosting, Turkeys all day Long.


I need more corn for the chili. He's got A big bell and a Sand suit outside of Kroger. Oh my God. All right. Let's hear, let's hear Tommy's. Oh, let's, what I say next year. I want to skip this recording again so that I cannot be held accountable once again. No, I screwed that up. Two, I somehow got on a list that has led me to get dozens of cold emails from random tech consultants. I wanna find that list, Destroy it, and destroy whoever Created it. Wow. What was I talking about? Weird fucking resolution. It's weird. I think, I think what happened was I decided to come in just being a jackass with jokes.


And you guys were serious, and it kind of changed the vibe. Oh, wow. Did you, how, how, how'd, how'd you do? I, I don't think I, you got a lot of, a lot of the tech consultants outta your inbox. Yeah. You gotta How's your spam problem, Tommy? A lot of self-reflection going on. I think you Made this joke last year. Okay. Got it. Okay. Oh, oh, I guess I didn't do my resolution for this. Let's no do, let's do 'em all at the end. Okay. That's great. Great. Dan, let's do Dan's, The thing I really wanna work on this year is regaining some semblance of my attention span Over two. Dan, did you do That span? Did you do that, Dan? I would say no. No, I did not.


I got worse. The Irony of you saying this, Dan, Is you write books I wrote, Wrote, wrote, wrote. Yeah. But, but like a weekly, a couple with days a week. Is it every day? Weather day, the message box. Couple days a week. It feels like All the time. It feels like all the time. And never enough. Always impressive. I Did, I did not do the things I wanted to do to, to regain my attention span. I doubled down, I think two weeks after I gave this resolution. I set up push notifications for that account that retweets all of Trump's truth socials, which was a sign that I wasn't gonna make it this year. All right. Let's hear Lovetts. My resolution is to not spend the year worrying about food and diet.


Like for the first time to go into this year without any kind of like, emotionally unhealthy relationship with food and diet and exercise. That's my resolution. And to keep that going. Oh yeah. Wow. How, how did you find the willpower to do that? I think you nailed that one. Some help. Where, where, where did you gain the strength? First Of all, say as If Maha. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We're making America healthy again. One injection to the hip at a time. Now this resolution came after I'd already started taking Steve. I know that was even worse about it. No, But, but I will say I did also fail because I'm still, I like, I'm better. I'm definitely better.


But I still do have like an unhealthy relationship to food. It's so hard. But like, it's interesting, like, all of our resolutions, like attention span and like, and, and diet. It's all about like, trying to find some, like in a result, like reservoir of discipline to defeat like a cultural force. Mm. And it's hard. It's hard. 'cause like I'm now like, I'm better about the diet stuff and I am like a little bit crazy about exercise. So I don't know. I don't know. Better, better than I was. That's for sure. Should try my 13 keys to Yeah. All right. Never fails. Now. Now we'll go around and do our resolutions. My resolution this year, this one I'm gonna, I'm gonna nail, I Cannot fucking wait. More posting. Oh, okay. I'm going, I'm more posting, more Twitter fights going all on.


It's gonna be Twitter, it's gonna be blue sky. I'm jumping in the discord. I'm posting, posting and posting, posting TikTok stitches. TikTok stitches. Really? Is this serious? Yeah. More. I'm gonna just say what I want. Oh, well, Okay. I'm in there. I'm get, I'm getting in the discourse. You've all seen it. Yeah, I've been doing it for Months. You've been doing this for six months now? Yeah. Well, yeah, that's right. Yeah. Since Biden, since Biden had that great debate, Oftentimes I'll just open up my phone on a Friday night before bed. And it was like, man, what was John thinking at nine 30 to jump on this third rail? I will say though, like in the, in the, in the month or two before the election, I kind of, I kind of settled down a little bit on the post. And I did a lot of checking, but not a lot of posting. I'm posting now post-election. You are, you're just in it.


And it's funny to listen, to be like in a, in a group chat with you where you're texting your anchor about something and see how long you've held yourself back before you start tweeting about it. It usually starts in the group chat. I usually test it out there and I'm like, oh, it's going to Twitter. What's the goal? You, you know what doesn't make you feel good? What's goal to Mean? Part of this is that I can't, that I can't, I can't stop it, so I might as well lean into it. Right. That's the Argument for Trump. I am from Republicans in the house. No, I It's a joke. It's a joke, guys. But what I am, I, I am going to, well, like I'm going to, the reason I'm gonna post more is 'cause I'm gonna, I'm gonna put out my thoughts, right? I'm not gonna get into Twitter fights, stuff like that. But I wanna write my thoughts down more.


And if it's in posts, that's great. If it's in articles, that's great. But I'm gonna, I realize that just talking is, is not good enough for me. I wanna actually write my thought thoughts down so I know. And I really actually wanna, I don't wanna be on Twitter as much posting, but I do want to, I've been talking to our Discord subscribers and they're great. And so I wanna get in there more. They're Nice. Great. Yeah, I think that's great. Okay. I think it's good to write things down. I think sometimes writing things down is to, you figure out what you really think when you actually try to write it down. That's Right. Yeah. And, and like, some of it is, there's times where I've just been like writing stuff down that doesn't go anywhere, doesn't go on Twitter doesn't go anywhere. But sometimes it actually just helps to sort of like, you know, clarify thinking late night, type something out. I Cannot wait to read your diary in discovery.


Yeah, that's, it'll be good. It'll be good. All right. Tommy, who's, who's in your inbox that you're getting out this year? Who are the big CRM manager? Salesforce. Salesforce coming for them. Coming for your tower. I want to, I wanna talk to more smart people, off air experts. Talk to a really smart guy about Sudan and Somali land today. I could elaborate if you guys wanna hear more about it. No, love it. You could tell about your Face. It's classic, classic, classic. Tommy Wanna know more about, we'd love to, but We're just so impressed for time. But it's, it's fun. So la it's really helpful to talk to these very smart, nerdy, nice people and just do it to get smarter on background. That's the thing I like doing. Oh wow. I wanna get good at using AI tools.


I tried to use chat GPT to write me a list of resolutions and I failed. So I wanna get better at that. Okay. All right. So target experts and AI Experts. Maybe there's some overlap there. It's, well, the, the, the overlap is one is a group of people helping to make The world clear. The other is a technology that will make it much harder. So in a way they're in competition, so that's Interesting. Yeah. We'll see who wins. Let us know. Pick your fighter. Finally. I've been reading a book about mindfulness meditation, but I haven't been doing it. I think it'll be good to do it. It's good for you. Okay. It's, Tommy's gonna Meditate. It is good. Maybe you'll, maybe while you're meditating, you'll see John on one of his walks, Ladle in one hand. Famous stroll Twitter in the other. Yeah, that's right.


That's your late alarm. So funny. Dan. Dan, what do you got? So, two things. One, I am gonna make another run at my attention span. And the thing I've started doing since election, which has caused me to miss many of John's best Twitter fights, is to put my phone away before I put my kids to bed and not look at it for the rest of the night. That's so smart. So no longer too screening, like watching TV or something like that. So that's one I, whether I will manage to continue doing that open question, but I want to do that. The second thing, and it's related to Tommy's path towards mindfulness, is, that's not even a joke. I'm being serious here. Path. It was the path towards mindfulness. Okay. It's the winding path. There's some dead ends along the way. Is The path. The path is the mindfulness guys, right?


Yes. This is related both mindfulness and attention span is I wanna take up yoga in 2025. I started doing it some this year. It just as a way downward. Dan, Dan, I'm so excited for you when you're next in la you and I we're gonna to Pilates. Oh, I'd love to watch it. You know What's funny? I debated whether I would do this one publicly and then I was like, love it has been basically doing a one man pitch for Pilates for weeks now. So this is a safe space. I Do yoga too. I do yoga too. Where Do you do it, Dan? Do you do it? Go to group classes? Yeah, Do been doing Hot Vinyasa yoga. Nice. Wow. Yeah. Nice. But I wanna do it regularly. Like I do it every once in a while now. But I wanna do it. It's something I wanna, Yeah. Feels good. It is really good for you. He's good Father for the fanfic.


Downward. Downward, Dan. Yeah. Yeah. How do you say that? Downward, Dan? Downward. Dan's pretty good. Love it. So I feel like we are coming to the end of the year where we made a, a lot of shows and we did a ton of content and there was a lot happening and I want to try next year to do a little bit less, a little bit better and like really be deliberate about, 'cause I do think that like we're So, like Joe Biden, you're quiet quitting too. A little bit more than him. No, but like I, I do think that like we're heading into the another Trump era, it's gonna be exhausting. And like we keep saying like, you know, we gotta make sure that we're like disciplined about what we care about, discipline, what we pay attention to. And I just wanna have that apply that to like, what we cover, how we cover it.


I wanna make sure that like, so we, we like took down one the Tuesday lover leave it. And that's in part 'cause I wanna try to make the Thursday show even better and I want the time and space to think about that and to think about other things to do outside of these two shows. And like, I wanna have the mental space and like the, the, not, it's not about time, but, or, or even like work. It's just like the, like the creative space to think about how to, how to talk about politics. Because so much of what we've just been saying for, for the last couple weeks is there's something about how Democrats sound and we need to figure out how we're communicating and like, you're not gonna gonna figure that out in the churn. All right. Well good luck everyone. I'll be posting that feels like a pretty good place to end it. As I mentioned, we're gonna be on our winter break the next two weeks, but we'll be tidying you over here in the feed with special access to an episode of our subscriber show Inside 2024 with Dan and Alyssa, all about how presidential transitions work and an episode of assembly required with Stacey Abrams about the Trump administration's plans for healthcare.


Big thanks to the take master general Elijah for hosting to Halle Keefer for writing and to our PSA staff for the hours they spent combing through the very worst of the internet and this show to bring you today's episode. You guys are fantastic, the best and beautiful performances and, and the performances incredible. Farrah, Hailey, Saul, Adrian Reed heard his voice there too. I'm guessing David was involved too. Who else do we miss from our producers? That's everyone. All right guys, everyone have a great holiday and, and we will talk to everyone in the new year. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Solve Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production.


Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv and David Tolles. Variety raves. Maria is absolute perfection and Entertainment Weekly Hails Academy Award winner Angelina Jolie brings tragedy and triumph to the last days of opera singer Maria Callis. Finally, I am in control And critics agree it's a towering toward divorce performance from Angelina Jolie and a career best My life is opera.


There is no reason in opera Maria directed by Pablo Leray for your consideration now playing. It's like Peterson on Netflix. Hey DC did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.