
This is a national weather advisory. As temperatures start to rise, please remain outdoors. Slathered in copious amounts of suntan lotion. At this time of extreme enjoyment, it's important to stock up on ketchup, mustard relish, fancy plastic pineapple cups that you'll lose next year. And Ballpark hot dogs, it's time to light up the energy and light up the grill. Let the tongs out. America. It's tan lines and grill line season. It's Ballpark season.


Oh. yeah. Look at your cup holder. It's empty and you're feeling thirsty. Head to a nearby convenience store and fill it with a Pepsi. Zero Sugar, Mountain Dew or Starry. grab a delicious, refreshing Pepsi for the road.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Kamala Harris races to define herself before Donald Trump does it first. And the new democratic nominee surges in the polls with just over 100 days left until election day. Then former UN ambassador Susan Rice joins the show to talk with Dan about the attacks on Harris as a DEI candidate and what the VP selection process is really like since Susan went through it four years ago. But first, when Joe Biden announced on Sunday that he was bowing out of the presidential race, he promised to speak to the nation about his decision and his vision for the remainder of his term. That explanation came last night in the form of an Oval Office address.


Let's take a listen. You know, in recent weeks, it's become clear to me I need to unite my party in this critical endeavor. I believe my record is president, my leadership in the world, my vision for America's future all merited a second term, but nothing, nothing can come in the way of saving our democracy. That includes personal ambition. So I've decided the best way forward is to pass the torch to a new generation. That's the best way to unite our nation. you know, there is a time and a place for long years of experience in public life, but there's also a time and a place for new voices. Fresh voices, yes, younger voices.


And that time and place is now. Biden also listed out his priorities for the time that he has left, including lowering costs, protecting abortion rights, making progress on gun violence, ending the war in Gaza, and attempting some kind of supreme court reform. He also ticked through his considerable accomplishments from the last four years. Dan, what was your reaction to the speech? I think I probably processed this differently than you did or a lot of other people because I was thinking about this and other than the years of 2017 and 2021, Joe Biden has been my senator, my vice president or my president, every single day of my life. Wow. Like there is no period of time where I knew anything about politics, where Joe Biden wasn't a singular figure in it.


And so to see him begin the process of saying goodbye is just incredibly, it's sad, right? It is. 'cause it's clearly not the ending he would've written for himself, right? Yeah. And so I felt sad for him, sad for his family, sad for the staff who are incredibly loyal to him and love him so much and have so much affection for him. But then it, I mean maybe, I guess it's bittersweet as Laroi because to see you got this glimpse in how he was talked about after the remarks and how people responded to the remarks with the people standing in front of the White House with the science that said Thank you President Biden. Yeah. Or Thank you Joe, that you're, you're beginning to see the first page of his chapter in history be written.


Right. And just a really, I think, meaningful way for 'cause he did something and Susan talks about this in the interview I have with her later. He did something that almost no one in American public life will ever do right? Is to put personal ambition aside and do something for the country and to seed power willingly to do what they think is best for the country. And I certainly hope he is recognized for that. We should all say Thank you to him now for what he, what he did over the last three and a half years and the decision he made, which has obviously been validated by the way, the first, the, the response to Vice President Harris right out, right outta the bat here. But I think it's just, it was a very meaningful and poignant moment to watch.


One thing I took away from the speech and his delivery, his tone is that he clearly still believes with every fiber of his being that he could have won, that he deserves to win, that he could serve another term. And I only say that because to me it makes his decision that much more admirable and patriotic and, and true to who he's always been because this is someone who still has such confidence that he can do the job. And also such like affection for the job. I, he, like he tweeted afterwards that, you know, it just brings him joy and and purpose to serve people.


And there was a picture of him that who he walked out after the speech and just this look on his face when he saw everyone, he just like completely lit up. you know? And people talk about like putting your ambition aside and it's, yeah, everyone has ambition in politics, right? That's, that's normal. But it's also this, like this deep love of service that he has been doing it his whole life. And, you know, I know like we obviously criticize him for not stepping aside earlier and all that kind of stuff, but at the end of the day, he made the decision and it's a really fucking hard decision to make for someone who genuinely believes with good reason that they accomplished so much and and have more to offer. So it was, it was bittersweet for sure.


All. right. Let's talk about the brand new race for the presidency. With about a hundred days to go, it's wild. Wild. In one week we got a new democratic nominee who along with Joe Biden's campaign staff, has been able to unite the party, generate a level of organic grassroots enthusiasm we haven't seen since the Obama days raise $126 million from over a million donors. 64% of whom donated for the first time the cycle and pull even with Trump in the polls just days after his party's convention and an attempt on his life, the a plus rated New York Times CI poll has Trump at 48%.


And Vice President Harris at 47%, Biden was trailing by six in their last poll just a few weeks ago. Swing state polls have her a point or two down though she's made up significant ground and all these polls with young black and brown voters, which is making states like Georgia competitive. Again, the campaign is still not up on the air with TV ads though. They released their first digital ad today based on Harris's Stu speech and here she is on Thursday speaking to the American Federation of Teachers Convention in Houston. Let's listen. So Project 2025 is a plan to return America to a dark past. He intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations and make working families foot the bill.


And he intends to end the Affordable Care Act. So we want to ban assault weapons and they want to ban books. And we who believe in reproductive freedom will restore the freedom of a woman to make Decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do. In this moment, we are in a fight for our most fundamental freedoms and to this room of leaders. I say bring it on It on, Bring it on.


First of all, I don't know about you, but like I'm still having trouble processing the fact that with a hundred days to go, we literally have a brand new race, a brand new nominee. And so far everything has gone incredibly well. Still an incredibly close race still gonna be tough. All the bad stuff is probably still coming, right? We're starting to see the attack ads, but the, like, it just unprecedented is an overused word, uncharted waters, whatever you may say. But like I just, the idea we've been, you know, working in politics forever, the idea that with a hundred days to go, you just like start from scratch. It's wild. Thank goodness that she could inherit the campaign team she did. Right? Yeah.


This is, there are a lot of arguments based on her political skills, her popularity, her resume as to why Vice President Harris was the obvious person to replace President Biden. Were he, to step aside. But there a less discussed fact that she got to inherit this campaign stuff. 'cause if there had been this wave of excitement and all she had was one single piece of paper that said she'd filed Harris for president, you couldn't have captured any of that enthus. and you couldn't have got the a hundred thousand volunteers. You wouldn't really had a place to collect information from that a hundred thousand from the Don people who, the million donors and all the above. It's wild what is happening. And over the last few days, And, I say this with the foreboding sense of someone who's always waiting for the other shoe to drop, right? Yeah. But the last few days have gone better than anyone could possibly have expected.


And sometimes you see these things when can, when can new candidates come in the race and there's all this excitement, then they go out and give remarks and now and then now the Clee lights are on all the scrutiny and they don't measure up. She went to that campaign headquarters on Monday, not a highly produced event or anything like that, and just nail the message perfectly. Then she has to go to, you wouldn't normally schedule a rally on the second day of your campaign when you just filed papers on Sunday. But she was already scheduled in Milwaukee. So she goes there and she nails that and then she had this previously scheduled official event at the teacher's union in Houston. Couldn't cancel that. So she had to go do that and she nailed that too. It's just, it's, it is incredibly impressive from the staff side, the organizational side, and particularly from a performance perspective from the vice president.


She is nailing this. And to think about the staff that has had to go through some of the worst weeks anyone's had to go through on a campaign and then to just turn on a dime and put this together and like get this thing going in a week. And to not just get it going but to get it going like almost flawlessly is like tip my cap to the, to the, to the Harris campaign staff, the, the former Biden campaign staff that is now the Harris. Like I, we've never seen that in politics before either. I mean, just think about this. They woke up on Sunday morning getting ready to do a bunch of things to, for Joe Biden campaign events next week. By lunchtime they're googling the shade of green for Brett. Right? Like that's how it's Just wild. It is, it is.


It is amazing. I, I was thinking about what David Ro used to say, which is that like, you know, a presidential campaign is like you're like shot out of a cannon and she said you don't have a lot of time to do like off-Broadway practice performances before you just are like on Broadway. And I do think that is certainly true with Kamala Harris. The only like sort of off-Broadway time she had was maybe like the last couple years as vice president, right. And she had some, you know, she had some tough times as early on in vice president. She had some like bad news cycles. And then I do think that people sort of then just sort of paid more attention to the presidential race and Biden and Trump.


But in the last year or so, I just think she's had a lot of practice and she's gotten so good, right? And she's like so much more comfortable in her skin more than I think she ever has been. And she speaks really well and she's just very sure of herself. But even with all that, it's still like with the amount of pressure that is on her now, right? It's, she's just, you know, she hasn't, she hasn't shrunk from it at all. It's amazing. Yeah. So impressive. It seems like we need a few more weeks to let the events of the last few weeks really sink in with voters. But what do you think of the polling so far? We just had the New York Times Sienna poll dropped right before we started recording. I think it all dovetails with, I think what we hoped would come from a shift is you are seeing the race get back to a tossup race, right?


Where Trump has advantages, he has more pass the two 70. That is still true. A Tide national race is still one where Trump has a, you know, two point advantage in the Battleground states. You would say just reminding people that Biden won the popular vote by four and a half in yeah. 2020 and won the battleground states by 40,000 votes. I think that that gap between the popular vote and the electoral college has probably narrowed some, but it's still a race where Trump is the, is the favorite, a slight favorite. But you can very easily see and chart what a path to victory for Kamala Harris looks like. And that was not the case with, it was hard with President Biden before the debate. It felt nearly impossible after the debate. It now we are, this is a very winnable, it's a close but very winnable race.


Yeah. The Times Poll has it, you know, 48, 47 Trump, when you include third party candidates, Kamala Harris is actually up one. And it's interesting that RFK junior support is dropping and in the five way now those third party candidates are hurting taking more from Trump than they are from Kamala Harris. And she's getting, you know, 93% of Democrats in the poll, which is what Trump is getting from Republicans. Her approval is 46 49, which in this era of polarization is a pretty good place to start from. Trump's approval in this poll is 48% approval, 51% disapprove. I'm guessing that has something to do with the assassination attempt followed by the Republican convention and that's why it's his high watermark.


But that really stood out to me that that Donald Trump of all people is has that kind of approval right now. I Mean we, we said for the last 10 days that we were pretty skeptical that there would be a single voter in the country who was not for Trump, who would see him get shot in the ear and then before him and then the Times quotes this person a 2016 Clinton 2020 Biden voter who saw Trump get, get shot in the ear, saw him stand up, you know, and do the fight, fight, fight thing. And and his takeaway was they must want to, he must have something so important to say that they wanna silence him and now he's supporting Trump. So it's like they found, they found that person. Yikes. I mean all, if you look across all the polling, what the real takeaway is is that all the groups that President Biden was struggling with, who are core to the Democratic coalition, younger voters, black voters, Latino voters, Kam Harris is doing better than President Biden was by a few points.


Yeah. But she is not yet at the 2020 numbers that she needs to be to win. Which is, it's completely understandable. I mean she's been in the race for four days, but it just shows that the potential here in her candidacy is, is tremendous and it gets us right back in the game and, and where we thought we were gonna be this whole race and then it felt like we weren't gonna be the last few months we're back there now. Yeah. She's doing better than 2024 Biden not as good yet as 2020 Biden. Can you talk a little bit about what's probably been on the top of the, to-do list for Kamala Harris, Jen O'Malley, Dillon, campaign manager for Biden, who's now campaign manager for Kamala Harris and the entire Harris for president staff.


Like how do you even begin to get a new campaign up and running with this little time left? What do you think they've been doing all week? Well, I think for most of the campaign they literally just changed the name in what they were doing, right? Like the people who are knocking doors are now knocking doors for Kamala Harris, not Joe Biden. The people who are doing digital content are now doing digital content for Kamala Harris, not brand. They obviously had to make some real changes to brand and aesthetic. They did that incredibly quickly. The real questions are gonna be around message. Yeah. That Biden campaign obvi, for all the obvious reasons, had some research on Vice President Harris as vice president, but they hadn't tested her against Trump. Right. And what the Right message would be, they haven't done sort of the, in a normal world, you would've done spent months doing research before you ever announced understanding how the electorate perceives who you are at the moment, what are the best messages for you, what are your biggest vulnerabilities?


How do you adjust for those? And so they have to do all that in compressed period of time. I think there's probably some work to do to figure out who her team is, right? She obviously has General O Melley. Deon is gonna lead that team and she's the exact right person to do it. But I was listening to our old friend David Axelrod on Hack on Tap, and she doesn't have a political person who's traveled with her her whole career. Like a David Axelrod or a Mike Dolin or, or Carl Rover or anything like that. And so who is gonna play that role with her? Who's gonna be sort of a partner to Jen O'Malley Dillon on that? Because you got a bunch of people there who have worked for President Biden for in some cases decades, right? And how do you get some, how do you just sort of organize around that? How do you figure out the staffing? Like she has some people who would staff her, but in the structure of a, of a presidential campaign, those people with theoretically just be waiting now for Josh Shapiro or Mark Kelly, like how do you move those people up?


So there's some organized front, but I think the highest priority thing is the research to inform the advertising campaign to come Part of what that research needs to inform. That is a different task she has or an extra task she has is introducing herself or reintroducing herself. Or like, because you know, Joe Biden is an incumbent president and also someone who's been on the scene for most of his life. And so a hundred percent name ID people have hardened impressions of of Joe Biden and who he is. Same thing with Donald Trump. And now you're running a campaign where you want to make it a choice. You wanna lay out the choice between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, but also she has some work to do.


And the campaign has some work to do, letting people know who she is, what she stands for, what her policies are, how they may differ from Joe Biden, what her proposals are. You were talking about how the staff that's knocking on doors just starts knocking on doors for Kamala Harris. But that's like even that, right? Yeah. There's gotta be an there's, they've gotta know her positions, who she is, what she does, what her bio is, like that that's gonna take a lot, you can't turn that ship around in a week. And This is in, even in, even if in a normal presidential campaign, this is the B busiest three week period of the whole campaign. You have to pick and announce your vice president, you have to prepare for the convention, you have to manage the convention, not just what the nominee is gonna say, but the entire, all four nights who the speakers are.


What? so you flipped, there was an entire process that was in place for a year to do that for Joe Biden. And now in three weeks they have to do that for Kamala Harris. It'll be a lot of the same people like you mentioned, like President Obama would still speak, I imagine President Biden would still speak. But the roles are different, the message is different. There's so much work has been done that's gonna be ripped up and and redone in a record amount of time. Our friend Stephanie Cutter's running the convention and she is not sleeping for Stephanie experience. And she is and she's one of the hardest working people in politics I know. So she's really not sleeping. The campaign isn't running TV ads just yet and is currently being outspent 25 to one by the Trump folks. We're gonna talk about some, some of the ads that the Trump folks are running later.


But is that just because creating and producing campaign ads takes time? Like do you have any concerns there that the Harris campaign isn't up on television yet? I Don't, I don't have concerns there because if you were to run ads that are not informed by messaging research, it's waste, waste of money. Yeah. You're lighting money on fire. And so, and what's also interesting is this weekend is the sort of the Olympics. The Olympics are the first big moment where people are going to tune in in mass. Where people who do not consume linear television normally will tune in to watch the Olympics. Both the Biden and Trump campaigns have long planned this to be the real big launch of their major stretch run advertising campaigns.


So what's gonna happen over the next three or four days here, not worth worrying about, don't light money on fire, but starting this weekend, you're gonna have to have your first ads up there informed by that polling and that you've tested the ads, you know, they work. And so I'm sure in their head, probably Monday is the deadline because I mean this is political advertising on linear television is still pretty antiquated, but usually have to get the ads in on Friday to get 'em up. And so I imagine that probably Monday would be when you would start to see new ads. Maybe if they're lucky they can get some up this weekend. But Yeah. And, and just so people know what goes into it, like you wanna do some research before the ads, right? so you, you field the poll for a day or two, then you have to write the ad, the creative for the ad, then you have to like produce the ad.


You probably need time from Kamala Harris to like appear in the ad. Then you need to cut it together, edit it, and then you need to go to the TV state. I mean it like it's a, it's a process to get it done in a week is a lot.


Pod Save America is brought to you by PolicyGenius. No one thinks you need life insurance. But you know what I guarantee you every single person does. But a good life insurance plan gives your family a financial safety net to protect against some of the unknowns. PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace and makes choosing the Right policy for your family easy and quick. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius is convenient and time saving. They help you compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks and their award-winning agents walk you through the process step by step. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. PolicyGenius is trustworthy. They have no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. Get peace of mind by finding the Right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com


PO Save America is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online with Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine, a next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagined drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. With Squarespace email campaigns you can drive sales and engage your audience easily collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. We love Squarespace. It's, you know, it makes it pretty easy to just build a website and you don't have to have, you don't have to have a degree in coding. Yeah, you don't have to have, you don't need to understand what c plus plus is, Don't know any of that but Squarespace just right outta the box you can, you can design a website head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey, it's me, your barista. So you know how you come in almost every day for our cold foam coffee. Yeah, well I might be putting myself out of a job by telling you this, but now there's an easy way to foam at home with new International Delight cold foam creamer with three new foaming flavors, French vanilla sweetened creamy and caramel macchiato. Who could blame you if you stopped coming in altogether? Yeah, it's that foaming Delicious. You're welcome. New International Delight cold foam creamer now in stores. It's foaming Delicious.


Harris has a, a strong stump speech right now. We just heard some of it at the teacher's conference on Thursday. What does the message tell you at this point about how she and her team see the race and how they see Trump Recognizing that this is the stump speech written without all the research that would be done? I think it's actually pretty darn close to exactly what you would want. They have grabbed onto what was a core tenant of President Biden's message, which is that she is gonna be the one that will protect your freedoms from extremist ma and Republicans like Donald Trump, abortion IVF contraception, freedom of speech, right? you know, freedom and marry all of those things. And she is just a much more natural vessel for that than President Biden was.


'cause she is a more future oriented candidate. She obviously speaks more fluently and more passionately on some of these issues than he has. And so I think that that's the Right message. There's a lot of like sort of parsing this like is she running a base play? Is she looking for swing voters? I think that that is too early to dig into that. She obviously has some appeal with ba core democratic constituencies that had abandoned Biden. But those people, there's this assumption that all those black voters or Latino voters, even young voters that have, that were not planning of vote for President Biden, are not planning to vote for him. 'cause they thought he wasn't progressive enough or they were just so much more liberal. And it's not that in many cases they're more moderate or just simply less ideological.


And so I think she's right now trying to demonstrate, sort of lay out a theme. She's still kind of, at least for the first couple days of this was running for the nomination of the Democratic party. I was just gonna say she had some work to do with the party if, if, if just give her like, you know, 24, 48 hours to do that work Just to show people that she can take on Trump that she's the Right person to do it. Which was that the court of that prosecutor versus the perpetrator riff in that very first set of remarks, which I think is something she's been doing kind of a little bit at some of these events before as vice president. But now that she's the top of ticket in it makes more sense. And so I think it is, we're gonna see, we're gonna know more in the convention speech, I think about the exact kind of campaign she's running, who the exact target groups are. But we kind of know who those voters are. 'cause we, you just have to rebuild the anti MAGA majority in this country and we know who those groups are.


And, I, think thinking about it on an ideological spectrum is a mistake. Yeah, I think that she, the other part of her message that fits right in with what Biden's was is, you know, she's for the people, Kamala Harris, for the people that's been her, that was like her slogan way back in her 2020 campaign. And Donald Trump is for himself, right? So that was a, you know, that was a Biden message. The new aspect to the message that she is uniquely suited to deliver is like she's ready to turn the page and get us beyond the politics of the Trump era. And, and Donald Trump will take us back. I mean, she's had this line a couple times over the last week where she said, we're not going back, which is a great great line. And again, this, this one's tougher because like you want to, you wanna talk about turning the page, it's like implicitly about, you know, sort of people who weren't happy with the Trump or Biden choice.


But obviously she's not going to explicitly say that. But I think just, just talking about turning the page future moving forward, not going back is gonna probably be a hallmark of the message. And I think President Biden made that easier for her by using the past the torch line in his remarks on Wednesday night. Yes. Yeah. I've also been happy to hear her really dig in on the economy and being like a fighter for working people and, and the middle class and even to the extent we're gonna talk about Project 2025 when she mentions that she connects it to sort of like they want to cut Social security and Medicare, they wanna cut childcare. And so she's trying to make the message tangible to people, which I think is important.


So one of the Biden campaign's big successes, maybe one of its biggest was getting Trump on defense over Project 2025. You heard it feature prominently in the VP's pitch today. Trump was on Fox and Friends Thursday morning and once again tried to distance himself from Project 2025 saying he has no idea what it is except for the parts that he likes. Take a listen. They Wrote a document that many of the points are fine. Many of the points are absolutely ridiculous. I have nothing to do with the document. I've never seen the document. I've seen certain things that are said in it. They wrote something that I disagree with in many cases and in some cases you agree. Are you ready? I know nothing about Project 25.


I haven't seen the document. I don't intend to really see the document. I don't know nothing about it. I haven't seen it. Some things I like some things I don't like, but I know nothing about it. I promise I know nothing about it. My VP wrote the forward to a book about Project 2025, but again, I know nothing about it. I've taken many of the positions in there, some of them I haven't. Kind of surprising to hear him asked about this on his favorite TV show from his, his favorite hosts. Yeah, I think that says that they're really worried about Project 2025 and they were trying to give him the opportunity to tell everyone that he had nothing to do with it. And he really just, they threw a batting practice pitch at him and he swung and missed on that one pretty hard. I it was very telling they felt the need to give him a chance to wiggle out of it.


I I, before this, I just did this weekend's episode of the Wilderness Tune in, I'll be on your Pod save of America feed. Talked to our pal Sarah Longwell. She has been doing focus groups nonstop over the last week and she's, I asked her about Project 2025. She said, it has come up more organically in all of these focus groups over the last week, over the last month, especially after the debate when everyone was like, why isn't the, why is the media talking about Joe Biden's age? Why aren't they covering 2025? She was like, since then it has been coming up in all these groups and it's like, it's said, it's wild. People are just, they, it it's this like conspiratorial, what is it? It seems scary now when you press people and you ask them like, well what's in it?


What's scary about it? They don't necessarily know. They just think it's like really bad. So I do wonder like how you think the Harris campaign should handle that going forward? Like can it stay as this like boogeyman, should you like pick out a few of the worst planks of project 2025? Or should you pick out different policies based on the different groups of voters you're talking to? Like how do you think about this? I think sort of all of the above, just anecdotally, we were all in Madison over the weekend for after being at the Republic Convention in Milwaukee. And we all went door knocking for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and Tammy Baldwin and Tommy And I were at a door and asked the, the woman at the door what the, what she thought this election was about.


And she said, stopping project 2025. We were like, okay, good. I think we got that vote. Amazing. I think That this is a gift from the political heavens for Democrats because one of Donald Trump's great political assets is his ability to just speak so incomprehensibly that no one knows what he stands for. And so you can see this, you, I mean you've seen this in focus groups, you know, you ask about abortion and the evangelical Christian anti-abortion person there think Donald Trump is one of the great warriors against abortion. and you ask the independent voter who's maybe d doesn't like either candidate and they think Donald Trump is probably secretly pro-choice. So, you know, he gets, he gets times the best of both worlds, right?


Some of the assholes on Wall Street think he'll cut their taxes and some of the working class voters in, in Scranton thinks he will raise taxes on the rich. And Project 2025 is the opportunity to not make Donald Trump's agenda be something specific, not a war shark test. And so that, that is great. And so I think the way you do it is there's gonna have to be some definition around it. So I would pick the three, you know, broadly in your to stu speeches pick, you know, two or three most damning, most broadly unpopular things to cite. And then you can, as you're doing your constituency work, as you are empowering the either messages on the, on behalf of the campaign, either it's field organizers or influencers or anything like that. Like what are the issues that matter most to a student group of people, teachers, yeah, this community veterans, et cetera.


And I mean, it's just, it is a, it's a catalog to pick from and message off of. I would also air towards both the, the policies in there that are most unpopular, but also the policies that Donald Trump has in some way endorsed in the past. Even if it's just rambling about how it's a good idea here and there. Because I do think you, you don't want to give him a lot of space to point out specifics in there and say, I don't agree with that. I don't agree with that. He has a, obviously a credibility problem anyway. Everyone, most people know he's a liar. But I think it's, it's even more useful and more effective if you can point to stuff in project 2025 that he has explicitly in some way endorsed in the past.


So let's talk about how Trump and the Republicans are responding to Harris's candidacy. There's been a lot of focus on some of the really gross, really stupid shit said about the vice president by some house Republicans and right wing media types. But it seems like the Trump campaign and Republican candidates are circling around a message that Harris is a radical San Francisco liberal. They're using a litany of soundbites from her time in the Senate as vice president and from her 2020 primary campaign, Hannity did it on his show Wednesday night, Republican senate candidates are cutting ads with this message. Looks like the Trump campaign is as well. Trump himself did his best to deliver the message at a rally in Charlotte on Wednesday in North Carolina.


Let's listen. So now we have a new victim to defeat Lion, Kamala Harris Lion. I was supposed to be nice. They say something happened to me when I got shot, I became nice. And when you're dealing with these people, they're very dangerous people when you're dealing with them. You can't be too nice. You really can't be. So if you don't mind, I'm not gonna be nice. Is that okay? Kamala Harris is the most liberal elected politician in American history. Did you know that Borders are Kamala threw open our borders and allowed 20 million illegal aliens to stampede into our country from all over the world as vice president, she cast the tie breaking votes that created the worst inflation in a half a century decimating middle class families and hurting very badly as you know, all people in North Carolina, I guess as his, as his wound healed, he stopped being nice again.


Is that that maybe that's what's happening. Yeah, I mean you get shot in the ear, becomes nice, gets better back to normal. Is that, what we're, I I guess I mean just, just, I always just think back to the people who wrote all those very credulous stories in the 48 hours afterwards about how what a changed man he was and how getting shot should change someone and it would change anyone except apparently this guy Unity. I love that he and he, he also just says what all of his people are trying to avoid, right? He is like, Oh. yeah, they told me I'm supposed to be nice now And, I'm supposed to be a changed man. They're full of shit. You're gonna be me. Can you Believe those assholes believe that All, right? So which of the, which of these attacks do you think are most dangerous for the vice president?


Liberal from San Francisco is the most dangerous. I think this is the classic Republican playbook on candidates of color, women candidates, and particularly women of color. And it is to try to paint them outside of the main of mainstream American values to make them see, to otherize them in the most racist, misogynistic and devious ways. As you pointed out earlier, she is not well known by the public. Her na, she has high name id, but there's very little depth of knowledge about her story, her values or policies. She's in a race that define herself before Trump defines her and they sort of have what their initial attack is gonna be. And it it has, we've seen it work in statewide races, we've seen it try it against President Obama very aggressively in 2008 and 2012.


And they're gonna, they're gonna try it again here. And this, I think that is the one that worries me the most and The 2020 primary, like obviously it has more of an impact because they do it and it's, there's, there's, you know, sort of racial and sexist dog whistles. But they could run this kind of campaign against a white liberal dude and it would still, it's still like this, this the positions that were taken in the 2020 primary by a lot of the candidates from Kamala Harris to Elizabeth Warren, to Joe Biden took a lot of them to better O'Rourke, whoever. Right. Pete, it is interesting to hear that we didn't play the McCormick ad. This was a, Dave McCormick was the Republican senate candidate who's running against Bob Casey in Pennsylvania, sort of cut an ad with all the, all the highlights from, from 2020 and 2019 when it was like, you know, everything from Green New Deal to like decriminalizing border crossings to like banning plastic straws.


Saying that like, I just, what do, what do you think the best defense against that is? Is certainly not to play whack-a-Mole in your past positions. It is to articulate a vision for the future, right? Yeah. And to, and you can, like, you can see how you'd handle this, right? Like the attack is that you supported Medicare for all, any private health insurance, you know, access to undocumented immigrants. and you say, my position is that we will never cut Social Security and Medicare. I support the Affordable Care Act, I support strengthening it to making it more affordable to hold insurance companies more accountable. And what Donald Trump wants to do is repeal that law so that even people without preexisting conditions have access to coverage, right?


On immigration. You lean right into, and instead of going back and doing like the punchable version of legislative history on the border of security bill, you just, you put that is now your forward looking policy, right? This is the bill that I, this is what I want to do, right? And it is a bipartisan bill supported by these law enforcement officials and unions and just have a, this is what the urgency of the convention speech is, is this is your proactive forward-looking agenda that you are running on. You wanna know what I think about healthcare? This is what I think you wanna know, immigration, this is what I think you wanna know. I think about climate, this is what I think, right? and you, you just gotta do that 'cause you're just, you can't, it's too hard to try to explain all that stuff away. You just, you have to have a forward looking agenda and be aggressive about it. And it, everything has to be contrast. It is your position and why his is bad, your position, why his is bad, instead of just playing defense.


Like the best defense here is a strong offense. I Think this is all well and good for her speeches, her ads. I think where it becomes tricky is interviews how you answer a question and interview and then how this comes up at the debate, right? Because then you've got the moderator pushing and you've got Donald Trump pushing. And so when you say, well here's what I stand for, they're gonna say, okay, well but what about this thing that you said back in 9 20 19 and 2020? What do you think about that? And they're just gonna keep pushing her. Like I I I just wonder, obviously you can't re-litigate everything, but if you're pushed on it, I do wonder if there's a moment where it's like, you know, I have been vice president for the last four years Exactly. And, I in that experience.


I worked with Joe Biden with Democrats in Congress and Republicans in Congress to govern on behalf of the entire country, right? All 50 states. And, and we did some things that people never thought we could do. We, you know, infrastructure, whatever you wanna do, then you can actually use it as a way to talk about your accomplishments and all the, and and so it like implicitly says that, you know, she has learned as a national figure and as someone who is governed nationwide with Joe Biden that like, you know, it's, it's good to compromise and it's good to, to meet people where they are and you can get things done that way. I almost think that's like a, you kinda have to make that turn at some point because she, in the speeches it's fine, but she will get pressed on it in interviews.


Yeah, I Think that's smart. Use the vice presidency as the pivot point if, you know, just, you can say I had a chance to see all this stuff upfront. I sat in meetings with world leaders are experts in all of these things. Yep. And And I learned a lot and, and it, it is helped me understand some of the problems facing all parts of this country and here's how I'm gonna govern. Yep. I think that's, I think that's right. One other line of attack I wanted to ask you about this idea that Kamala Harris was part of a coverup of Biden's Health. Even implying that this whole thing was like a pre-ordained coup. Do you think that's worrisome? Obviously that has a lot of purchase with the Fox news viewing Trump base, but do you think that is, has gives her problems beyond the Republican base?


I Don't think so. It's not something I would worry about. It's, I just think that you've already seen it. It's only been like 96 hours since Joe Biden withdrew and he gave, obviously gave the speech. It was watched by 29 million people last night, which is I think pretty phenomenal. But this race is very quickly. Kamala Harris, first, Donald Trump and Joe Biden, his presidency is gonna matter. The accomplish the things that they did together are gonna matter. Some of the things he does over the next six months will, will affect the campaign. But it's about these two people. And I don't think I just, I would be shocked if that really matters to anyone in our target voter universe. I think the more time they wanna spend on Joe Biden the better at this point. Yeah. And I also think that it is sort of just a legacy of the fact that we're only a week out from all of this.


And so Sarah did say that in some of the groups, not that there was, like, there wasn't concern that there was like a coverup or something like that, but there, there was like how did she get to be the nominee? When did this happen? This is just, there was no process. Suddenly she's the nominee where, where's Joe Biden? So there is like just a little education maybe to be done on, on the insanity of the last couple weeks. But I think beyond that, I don't think that the, the coverup attack is, is really gonna land that much. Okay. When we come back from break, Dan is gonna talk to former UN ambassador and National Security advisor Susan Rice about how Harris should respond to these new attacks and what it's like to be vetted as a VP contender.


Before we do that, you know what we gotta plug for some Dan content if, if you are dying to know the latest on the polls and how to feel about them, you can WhatsApp Dan at four in the morning like I do, or you can check out Dan's subscription show Polar Coaster. And with all these attacks coming in, if you wanna be as informed as possible and equipped to fight back Dan's message box newsletter is indispensable. It is my first read in the morning days when the message box is out, even before playbook, I read message box first Before playbook. That's one of our slogans. That's it. Right? And some amazing news here. You can head to crook.com/yes, we Dan That's right. We have set up crooked.com/yes. We Dan, There was a vigorous debate about this with the marketing team as we were trying to figure out how to have a webpage where we could have polar coaster and message box. And Gabby, who is incredible on the marketing team said, told me to just lean into the cringe. And we have Yep. And we have, I have a yes we Dan mug at home. By the way, I actually, I don't see you using it on the show. I need, I keep remembering, We Halle bought two of them to one day to try to explain to our children what this was because they're gonna be so confused by it. The only thing I'd say about both of these, just for everyone, is the point of polar coaster and message box is to take all the sort of political analysis and advice that I gave to candidates and still give to candidates sometimes over the last few years and give it to all of our listeners. 'cause my theory of politics, our theory of politics, agreed media is the way we win this election is by one-on-one conversations with the pe the voters in our lives. And my goal here is to make you as smart as you possibly can be and to understand what's going on with actual message tested language to win those arguments with your, you know, I used to say your Biden skeptical cousin, but now it's your RFK Curious cousin or your, or just simply curious about who Kamala Harris is and what she stands for. This is to help you do that. So hence the crooked.com/yes. We dan for this special offer of one month free, One month free trial offer for both friends of the pod and message box. Again, it's crook.com/yes, we dan, check it out guys, when we come back, Susan Rice,


I want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. with Treadwell by Discount Tire, let's get you taken care of


Packages by Expedia. You were made to be rechargeable. We were made to package flights, hotels, and hammocks for less Expedia made to travel.


Join us as we kick off the US Open Tennis Championships with fan week. Enjoy free access to the grounds on Monday, August 19th to Sunday, August 25th. Experience more us open. See more tennis by watching top players like Novak Djokovich and Coco Goff practice for the main draw experience more entertainment by attending Heineken Happy hour, A DJ block party or Arthur Ashe Kids Day. For more info, visit us open.org/fan week.


Jeremy now is an old friend, someone with one of the best resumes in all of Washington. She served as the Chief Domestic Policy advisor to President Biden and was the ambassador of the United Nations and National Security Advisor to President Obama, ambassador Susan Rice. Welcome back to Positive America. How are you? I'm great. It's good to be with you Dan. It's good to be back at five. It is, it's, it's good to see you. I wanna start with getting your reflections of someone who worked with President Biden in the White House for several years and then obviously for many years during the Obama Biden administration. Just your reaction to the speech last night, his decision to step aside and endorse Vice President Harris. How are you feeling about all of that? Very mixed emotions to be honest, I was really proud to, to work with President Biden, both in the Obama administration and for two and a half years in his administration leading domestic policy.


We got an enormous amount done for the American people under his leadership. And he really was the captain that was ensuring that we pursued an ambitious agenda, whether it was on climate, racial justice, healthcare, education, student debt relief, you name it. And it, it, it was a, we've gotten an enormous amount done And I. Think it's fair to say as I have that President Biden has been, you know, one of the most successful presidents in less than four terms than anybody really since Lyndon Johnson. And, and maybe beyond going back further than that. So he is been a great president.


And I think he cemented his legacy quite honestly, by having the selflessness and the guts to recognize that, as he said last night, that it's in the best interest of the country. For him to, to step aside, it's hard to think of any politician at that level. Certainly not one that's ever won. All the delegates to be the nominee who had the, the, the decency and the, and the commitment to country and over his own self-interest to make that extremely difficult decision. So I'm super proud to have had the opportunity to, to, to serve him in different capacities and, and work under his leadership.


I think he will go down in the history books as, as one of our, our best presidents. But it's also sad because I think we, we all felt that, that his agenda was, was worthy of him contesting the election and that he had a lot more to do that that would be beneficial. But I'm grateful to him for, for making that tough decision. And, I'm very excited about Vice President Harris and getting her elected president of the United States. So President Biden is about six months left in his term. He brought up some issues that he was gonna work on in his remarks on Wednesday night.


He talked about Middle East peace, he talked about the Cancer Moonshot, he talked about Supreme Court reform. How do you sort of think he's gonna handle these next six months? I sort of get the sense he's gonna run through the tape, but you know him a lot better than I do. He's absolutely gonna run through the tape and he's gonna get as much done as possible. And I remember working in the Obama administration in the last six months and we were not leaving anything on the field. We were running as hard and as fast as we can, we can or could at the time. And that's exactly what this team is gonna do. I have no doubt And I think the fact is, you know, as already this has already been demonstrated, you know, the, the big legislative burst of President Biden's tenure or, or what would've been his first term, was really in the first two years when we controlled both houses of Congress for the Democrats.


And we just were able to do an enormous amount, some much on a bipartisan basis, but, but some on party line basis. So we are past anyway, the period of, of great legislative progress and we've continued to, to see important executive actions including on things like immigration most recently and, and, and some innovative policy proposals, for example, a really important initiative to lower housing costs that was recently unveiled. Something that's plaguing everybody. And yet, you know, I think there's a, a real opportunity, particularly on the foreign policy and national security side to try to get as much done as possible.


you know, if, if we've gotta end the war in Gaza and, and, and bring hugely overdue relief to the Palestinian people and ensure that the hostages come home and that Israel's security is insured. And the best way to do that is to achieve this agreement as quickly as possible. Have a ceasefire in place, and take down the, the threats to Israel that are coming from Lebanon and Hezbollah from the Houthis, et cetera, in addition to Hamas. I think the president's uniquely suited to do that and maybe more unfettered in his ability to do that. Ironically, as, as somebody who, who knows that this is his last six months, obviously we had to continue to, to deal with the challenges we face from Russia and China Shore up our alliances and partnerships.


So there's a lot of work still to be done and I have every confidence he's gonna get it done. You obviously had an opportunity to work very closely with Vice President Harris. What can you tell us about the work you guys did together and what it tells you about the kind of president that she would be? Vice President Harris is, is somebody who cares deeply about the issues that matter to, to everyday Americans. She, she's someone I've seen roll up her sleeves and, and dig into the substance and, and help try to try to guide policy in a direction that is caring and humane and, and deals with the, the everyday challenges and, and hopes and fears that, that ordinary people are facing.


She's a, a voice for caring about humans on a human level. And, I think that's really important, whether it's national security or domestic policy, and I've seen her contribute on both. So I have every confidence that she's gonna bring her, her deep experience, her, you know, vital role in, in, in helping to craft and shape President Biden's successful agenda, and then be able to present an affirmative vision of where she wants to take the country. That is hopeful, that is optimistic and, and quite concrete. you know, we got an enormous amount done in the Biden administration, but it, this is more than about finishing the job.


This is about being able to communicate a, an America that is exciting and hopeful and better even than the one we have today. Now, let's get to the some something. I know you have very strong feelings about. The Republicans have wasted no time in going after Vice President Harris. They're doing it in ways that I know are very familiar to you. You have been attacked in this way in your time in the public life. You've seen President Obama with similar attacks. You've seen Secretary Clinton attack similar ways. They're calling her crazy Kamala. They're even saying she's the quote, unquote, DEI vice president. What's your reaction to all of this? I mean, it, it's, it's profoundly offensive and insulting.


They're basically trying to dehumanize her and all of us. I mean, this is not about Kamala Harris. This is about saying to every woman in this country, regardless of your background, every person of color, every immigrant, every L-G-B-T-Q person, every person who may have a disability or was a veteran, was a beneficiary of a veteran's preference. That some, any success we've had, any leadership role we've achieved, we didn't earn it by d of hard work experience, education capacity.


We got there because of some unfair advantage. Not only is that incredibly dishonest and denigrating, it's basically saying to the vast majority of Americans in this country, if you're not a white Christian male, then any success you've had, you've got without merit because of some unfair preference that is crap. And it's, it's absolutely unacceptable in 2024. And the, the thing people need to understand about this is not only is it, you know, saying that the vast majority of people in this country are inferior and unworthy, but you have to understand how it fits into their larger agenda.


Project 2025, which Trump and Vance are deep up into. It is their agenda, despite their efforts to run away from it. It's about taking America back to the 19th century. That's what it's about. It's about in America where women, you know, aren't able to decide, you know, how and when they have children, they're not able to decide whether or not to use contraception or have in vitro fertilization. We're back in the kitchen and JD Vance's barefoot in the kitchen, you know, and if we're, if we don't have children, we're somehow even less worthy. It's in America, in Project 2025 where we don't in invest in public education because we don't want those people who have to go to public schools to be educated enough to be real participants in our society.


It's about going back to a time when only white Christian men were in positions of power and the rest of us we're subordinate. That's what they want to do. And they, you know, they run away from it because they, they, they, they realize that when, you know, you put it that way, oh, that's gonna be a problem politically. But that's what their agenda is. And when you combine that with, you know, their categorical dismissal of the vast majority of Americans is being unworthy of any form of leadership, which is what exactly they're saying when they talk about DEI hires. It's really quite shocking.


And that's why, you know, it's offensive as this is to me on a personal level because of, you know, how it, these sorts of attacks have been leveled at me throughout my career. It, it, it is really about whether we are going into the future with an agenda that is about everybody in this country having, who is an American citizen, having a voice and a vote and, and the opportunity to make a better life for themselves, or whether we're going back to a past when only some people count. That's the binary choice. And we've gotta be clear about it. And with, you know, vice President Harris leading the ticket, you know, they can't help themselves.


They can't, you know, they, they, they can't help. But say the quiet part out loud. You know, I would just note that when President Biden chose Kamala Harris to be his vice president, she had been in the Senate for four years. She had been the chief law enforcement officer of the largest state. She'd been a district attorney. And when Donald Trump chose JD Vance, as you would note, a white Christian man as his vice president, he'd been in the Senate for less than 18 months, full stop And done and done nothing, right. And done nothing except, you know, pursue a, a very narrow, vindictive agenda. Look, you're absolutely right. You cannot, in all seriousness question, Kamala Harris's experience or competence.


And now she has been the vice president of the United States for three and a half years and sat in every national security briefing, been at the table for every difficult policy and national security decision. And, and she is more qualified to be president than any of the four people before Joe Biden, who, who were president of the United States. So this is just, you know, it's crap. And we need to understand, Dan, why they're doing this. They're doing it because they have nothing other than hate and fear and division as the tools to win. They have no positive vision as to where they wanna take the country.


They just wanna r people up, divide and, and, and, and defeat and dominate. That's what this is about. and you contrast that with the vision on the Democratic side, which I think Vice President Harris is really articulating effectively. And that is, you know, we are trying to build an America that is not only a vibrant, inclusive democracy where our freedoms are protected regardless of, you know, you know, where we come from, who we love, you know, what we look like, you know, whether or not we wanna have children when some guy says it's time to have children or not. you know, we all get to decide for ourselves.


Our fundamental freedoms are protected. But the other piece of the agenda, which is so important, is trying to build an America where people are not just able to scrape by, but can actually get ahead and everybody has a chance to get ahead and, and, and we've got work to do to achieve that agenda. But, you know, that's not the other side's agenda. They, they, they want one small subset of our society to dominate and everybody else to be subservient. And as I said, that's a 19th century vision. Yeah, it should be, it should be like project 1955. Right. It's really No, I'm more than that.


It's, it's, you know, it's, it's pre Civil War vision. That's right. That's right. 1855, right. Project 1855 is what they're going for now. Vice President Harris has to pick her own vice president in the coming weeks. There's some reports that she wants to get it done by August 7th when the DNC is gonna do the virtual roll call. You were a, you were on President Biden's shortlist when he was looking for a vice president back in 2020. Do you have any advice for the Mark Kelly's, Josh Shapiro's, Pete Buttigieg of the world, about how to navigate that process? Have they called you? Are they looking for help? I obviously, you know, I'm not sure I'd be the one that called since I didn't have possible success.


No, you know, it's, I can tell you, Dan, it's a really, really intensive process. The vetting from, I've, I've been confirmed by the Senate twice unanimously. I've been nominated and, and vetted. I've served in the cabinet. I've never seen anything like the vice presidential vetting process. I mean, it is intense. Every aspect of your personal, you know, medical history, every aspect of your taxes, everything you've ever said in public. They even interviewed my kids who were, you know, not even over 21. It it's insane right now.


They're gonna have to do this process in an extraordinarily compressed timeframe. you know, when it was 2020, it, it was over, you know, more than two months. They're having to do it in, in, in little less than two weeks. And, you know, my, my biggest advice, And I And, you know, I don't know that it anybody should take my advice is, is be who you are. you know, this is a very, it's as much a personal choice for the president as it is a political choice. You, you don't wanna just pick a running mate. You wanna pick a governing partner. And I think people underestimate the importance of a governing partner, a vice president, you know, in this modern age, often as Vice President Harris has been given real important responsibilities.


you know, she was, people don't know that, in addition to her role on the national security stage, her, you know, the 20 countries she's visited, the 150 foreign leaders that, that she's met with, you know, she's in charge of the space council space policy. you know, she's been, you know, the, the leader not just on reproductive rights, but things like maternal health, worrying about the, the, the, the many women in this country who are dying in childbirth or after childbirth because they don't get the support and care that they need. She's been the leader on issues of labor and support for our union.


She's been an instrumental figure in our efforts to support small business And, you know, and develop economic opportunity for, for, for people who have not had the benefits of, you know, big corporate world. She, she's, that's her portfolio as well. So, you know, she's, she's done a great deal. And picking a governing partner, not just a running mate, is, is I think a very important part of this decision. I mean, even beyond that, just, I remember thinking about this when President Biden was making his decision. That's why I thought you were a, a big favorite for it, because I knew you best of the people on the list, but you're also a group, basically the president, vice president most weeks have lunch together one day.


So you're also picking a person you have to have lunch with once a week for the next four to eight years. That seems like you probably ought to get along if you're gonna do that. Right. Not just have Yes, of course. Not just have lunch with, but want to have lunch with. Yes, exactly. Exactly. And being in every meeting together. I mean, it really is like, there is a personal element. It's one of the reasons why I think even though they were very different people with very different life experiences that President Obama picked President Biden to be as vice president is 'cause he could see being in a meeting with him all the time. Right. Because he, he is, you know, obviously Tremend has experienced travel. He's smart, but also just a great person Right. With interesting things to say and interesting perspectives. And you got an experience and they complimented each other.


Yeah, no, that's exactly, that was a great partnership. And many of us, like you, And I who really worked for Barack Obama and came in, who were, you know, were Obama people. you know, the, the reason I was willing and eager to serve Joe Biden is 'cause I had seen him serve as vice president and got to know him and work with him in that context and saw, you know, how he, as you said, very different but extraordinarily capable and, and turned out to be an incredibly effective and successful president. Yeah. It's, it's gonna be, I'm fascinated to see the decision she makes And I don't, and however they pull this off to do the appropriate level of vetting on this very short timeline.


They've got the best team on it. Like the same, They do it, they do same people And they're just, they, they're just gonna have to work, you know, around the clock. Do you have a favorite, Dan? I love all the people on the list. If I have said that, if I were to place a bet today on who I thought the choice would be, I would say I, my pick would be Mark Kelly. 'cause I think he adds a ton. He has tremendous gravitas. He's got incredible bio. There's the Arizona piece fighter pilot astronauts are cool. Everyone thinks astronauts are cool. Right? So if I, if she had, if I had to say today what I think it's gonna be, I Markel would be my guess. But I love, you know, I, I could watch Pete Buttigieg, you know, if, if Secretary Buttigieg is the pick, 100 million people will watch the vice presidential debate.


'cause it would be one of the great moments in television history to watch him take down JD Vance. I'm a huge fan of Josh Shapiro. I've gotten to interview Ro Roy Cooper a number of times in 2020 when I was doing some suffer in North Carolina with votes. Save America. They're all great. So she is a one of them, my takeaways from this whole process is that Democrats have a, one of the best benches we've ever had. Right now we have just a great list of people and there's a whole bunch of people who aren't on the vice presidential list who are also great. Right. Raphael Warnock, a bunch of people on the house. It's just, there is a, in part because we went Obama, Clinton, Biden. Right. We've just had a bunch of, you know, after Obama, the next, we went kind of back in time for a little bit for president. So there are a bunch of people who got to rise up the ranks and run, you know, Gretchen Whitmer and G Aggression Whitmer.


Exactly. Gina Raimondo, there's a whole bunch of people who rose up the ranks Yeah, exactly. Who rose up the ranks sort of a little bit outside the spotlight because they weren't running for president. Yeah. And are, you know, just, we have a bunch of superstars. I think it's just an awesome thing for the party going for, like, I'm a, I was at the Republican Convention, at least I was in Milwaukee with John, John and Tommy last week. And just, they have no good speakers. There's not a single good speaker in that whole group. And then to think about the group of people who will speak in prime time at our convention, or even before prime time, right? You'll have President Obama, you'll have President Biden, you'll obviously have Vice President Harris, but then all the other people who don't, you know, Josh Shapiro, Gretchen Whitmer, just so many great voices that we have right now.


It's like, I think it's just a super exciting time to be a Democrat. And the fact that a ticket of Vice President Harris versus anyone else that we just mentioned is, will be one of the most exciting takes we've had in a very long time. So I think that's cool. I think it's great. I think it's great. And I, I don't know about you, but I, I, everywhere I go, everybody I talk to, I just feel the energy and, and feel the excitement of her extraordinarily successful launch And I, think a lot of credit, frankly, goes to the team on the campaign that has had to, to make this pivot so abruptly and support her in, in her early days.


I think they really deserve a lot of credit. Jenna O'Malley Dillon is a good friend of mine. We worked on basically every campaign together for the first like 15 years of our career. She's incredibly talented. Just what they went through over the last three weeks and then just to wake up on Sunday, you Put them through. Yeah. I I, it kept me up at night. I promise you that. It kept me up at night the whole time. But to wake up on Sunday morning and think that you were proceeding ahead with one candidate, then find out at lunchtime you're proceeding ahead with a different candidate. And to be able to make that pivot so quickly and to be able to capture the enthusiasm, right? So quickly, all the a hundred thousand new volunteers, a hundred million dollars raised in the first few days.


And to be able to do that and to pivot on a dime with, you know, new messaging, new branding, new logistics, moving that Milwaukee rally on one day's notice to a place that had, you know, more space to accommodate all the excitement. It's just incredibly impressed by what they did. It's, it's an, they, they had an unprecedented challenge in American political history and they handled it beyond anyone's expectations. They're awesome. And she is very lucky to have them, and they're very lucky to have her. Yeah. And everybody under them. I mean, I, I really, so many of these folks are friends and colleagues. They go way back And, you know, they've been through it and I'm super proud of him. And grateful Susan Rice Thank you for being on Positive Record. It's always great to talk to you. Thanks for sharing your perspective on President Biden, vice President Harris, and how best to respond to the attacks on our, our new nominee.


Great to be with you, Dan. Take care. That's our show for today. Thank you so much to Susan Rice for joining. And if you wanna really nerd out on the latest polling, Dan did a super deep dive on the latest episode of Polar Coaster, all about Kamala Harris's polling. You can go listen to that episode now through our friends of the pod subscription. Sign up through the Apple pods Pod Save America page, or at crooked.com/friends. Also, check out the wilderness this Sunday. It's gonna be dropping on your feeds. We got Sarah Longwell talking about a whole bunch of swing voters she has been talking to this last week from all walks of life and how they feel about the Kamala Harris candidacy.


Everyone have a great weekend and we will be in your feeds with a new episode on Tuesday. Bye everyone. If you wanna get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at crook.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our show is produced by Olivia Martinez and David Toledo. Our associate producers are Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Mia Kelman, David Tolls, Kiel Pal Aviv and Molly Lobel.


This is a national weather advisory. As temperatures start to rise, please remain outdoors. Slathered in copious amounts of suntan lotion. At this time of extreme enjoyment, it's important to stock up on ketchup, mustard relish, fancy plastic pineapple cups that you'll lose next year. And Ballpark hot dogs, it's time to light up the energy and light up the grill. Let the tongs out. America. It's tan lines and grill line season. It's Ballpark season.


Oh. yeah. Look at your cup holder. It's empty and you're feeling thirsty. Head to a nearby convenience store and fill it with a Pepsi, Zero Sugar, Mountain Dew, or Starry. grab a delicious, refreshing Pepsi for the road.