
Dental One Associates redefine what it means to visit the dentist. Get top quality, personalized support from committed experts that prioritize the wellbeing and satisfaction of you and your family. Care is centered on a highly personalized treatment plan backed by the trust and support of long lasting relationships. Find out how you can make an appointment for a custom smile design experience by visiting doa dash SiriusXM dot com.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Visit buy a toyota.com for more national sales event deals. Toyota, let's go places.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. And I'm Alyssa Murray. On today's show, Kamala Harrison are newly minted. VP picked Tim Walz at the campaign Trail in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Republicans begin their disjointed efforts to define walls and Trump's crimes are back in the news. With me to go through all of it is the excellent Melissa Murray co-host of the amazing strict Scrutiny podcast. Melissa, welcome to the Pod. Thanks for having me back. I mean, it feels like we have been on a rollercoaster for weeks now, just nonstop news and this is a very exciting day. So I'm glad you're here to go through all of this with me. Well, I am very excited because I actually like this roller coaster. This roller coaster is preferable to the other roller coaster we were on. Yes, yes.


There was a month or three weeks of a really nauseating roller coaster. Yes. And now we're on a very exciting one for the last, last two and a half weeks here. That's Good. This is the better rollercoaster. So let's for sure. Yes, For sure. Yes. So let's start with the Walls pick itself. Where were you when you found out and have you been Fully Walls peeled yet? So I first heard about this while I was sitting in the NBC DC Bureau waiting to do hair and makeup. And the energy was so electric, you know, everyone was waiting, you know, the AP started buzzing about it and then NBC started reporting on some of its sources. And when people started hearing that, it seemed pretty clear it was going to be walls. They were really excited. And so that was interesting to see.


I mean, there were a lot of really good candidates being floated. I think it sort of suggests the depth and quality of the bench. But people really seemed excited about walls. And I have to say, I think I am a little fully Walls pilled because this man is just so adorable. You know, he thinks Turkey is a vegetarian option. He rides on the slingshot with his kids. He's so uncool that he is actually really, really cool. And he seems really nice. And that's such a contrast to the other side, which just seems kind of mean. And I, I, I don't know, just mean and angry and he's just joyful.


And that's nice to see. And you know, I get the cynicism around lots of things. I mean, I cover the Supreme Court and Clarence Thomas all the time. So I am as wisened and cynical as they come. But this Santa Claus knockoff has warmed the cockles of my cold dead heart. I, I really, I kind of like him. Did you have any feelings about walls before this? Or did you sort of come to know walls as we all have over the last few weeks? Well, Who knew Tim Walz before the last two weeks? I mean, he just started coming out and sort of being a surrogate for, you know, keep calm and carry on Democrats and was such an effective communicator. I think he kind of willed himself into being considered for this. And we all learned about him, I think as Kamala Harris and everyone else was learning about him and you know, so I mean, I remember hearing his name.


I knew that he had appointed Keith Ellison to supervise the prosecution of Derek Chauvin and the other officers involved in the killing of George Floyd. But I don't think I'd really kind of registered what he was doing in Minnesota until he kind of burst onto the stage, like America's Next Top model, I would say. So I found out, as I find out most things, sitting at my computer involved in some sort of text chain with John Favreau and Tommy Vitor and Lovett, et cetera. And I actually had woken up. I had to convinced myself the night before that the way that I would do this if I was the Harris campaign, is I would send out a video at six in the morning. So to me that means three in the morning this news is coming out. So I woke up as I do off many times a night.


I looked at my phone th at 3:00 AM no news, but you know what I couldn't really do after that. Go back to sleep. Yeah, go back to sleep fair. So I had a very sleep a day waiting for it to come. I actually, not to brag about this, but I knew Tim Walz a while ago. Yeah, I did. I will admit, I never, for one second thought he was gonna be the VP until, you know, maybe the last week. But I was around in politics a hundred years ago when he ran for Congress the first time. He was this amazing story that people loved. Yeah. 'cause he was this football coach encouraged to run by his students in this district that no one thought a Democrat can win. You know, this is 2006 when we were recruiting all these veterans to run because it was gonna be the first election where people had really turned against the Iraq war fully. Right.


And he had this ad, I talked about this ad on the podcast week. It's an amazing ad. Was This the one about his students, like his students deserved, who went off to fight deserved The one I'm referring to as like his introductory ad that starts with him, like starts with his military service, then state champion football coach, the teacher of the year, and then him. It's just like this great ad that was, that I loved at the time. And then Tim Walz has this very fun place in the hearts of everyone who worked for Barack Obama because no one thought Tim Walz was going to return to Congress if he voted for the Affordable Care Act. And he did anyway. Oh wow. And he's, and he said he, there was this list of people who were in these very endangered seats heading into that landslide election 2010 who, you know, were put taking great risk upon themselves to vote for the affordable character.


Tim Walz is one of a handful of 'em who said to President Obama, essentially, why run for office if all you want to do is stay in office? And so he voted and he, most of them lost. Yeah. But Tim Walz actually managed to survive and win. And so like it's very exciting to see Tim Walz here. I, if you had asked me to list 15 VP candidates for Kamala Harris a month ago, although that would've been met, it's chronologically impossible. If you'd asked me to do that, Tim Walz would've not made my list. But I think he's, I really come to think he's a perfect pick. Well, let me ask that. Why do you think she picked him over all the other people? Well, so All of those things, I mean, I actually think there is something really refreshing about someone who said years ago and continues to say, you know, what's the point of amassing political capital if you're not going to spend it?


And he spent it in really profitable ways in Minnesota. So, you know, he's done things I think are actually progressive, but also makes sense. So I think it's really hard to kind of pigeonhole him. He's a mid-westerner, but he is doing some of these progressive things and the things that he's doing are just sort of common sense things that his constituents really like. So he's providing universal school lunch to kids so that poor kids can eat, but they're also not stigmatized when they get this provision. And he's an amazing communicator. I think that's going to be really important because he's going to need an effective surrogate on the stump. Gen Z fucking loves him. And Which is wild. No, But also just like, of course he's like the coach Taylor from Friday Night Lights.


I mean he doesn't look like Kyle Chandler, but he acts like Kyle Chandler. And I think he's really inspiring and people like him. And I truly believe that Gen Z can turn this election if it wants to. It is like a sleeping giant of an electorate that hasn't really been turned on. And if he turns them on then you know, God love him. Let him do that. I think he's going to balance out aspects of this ticket. Like, I mean, you can't really just sideline this as some kind of California ticket. He's a mid, mid-westerner. He's, even if his politics are very progressive, like he does have these Midwestern sensibilities that I think make it very difficult to just write him off as a leftist and subsequently to write the entire ticket off as this sort of pinko communist California ticket.


And I think all of those things are really appealing. You know, In in reading the reporting on this, it sort of jives with what I kind of expected in the sense that she just really likes Tim Walz. Right. Like when you were picking your vice president. Yeah. You had, you're picking someone who's going to be in most of your meetings for four to eight years. Yeah. The president of the vice president have lunch together once a week. Yeah. So it's not just like, is this person gonna deliver me this state? And they do this. It's like I have to hang out with this person all the time. And Tim Walz seems like somebody you would wanna hang out with for sure. Right. Well I also think there's an additional level of this. And I think other women of color who have existed in the workplace will know what I mean. You can have people who are on your team who are not necessarily working to your benefit.


They like, they don't understand the assignment. And the assignment when you are the principal is to support you and to do it fully and joyfully. And I think one of the things that she probably really likes about Tim Walz is that he has a kind of Joe Biden esque quality about him. I think one of the things I liked about Joe Biden was that he happily and cheerfully rode shotgun for the first black president for eight years, sidelining his own ambition to do it. And he did so happily, joyfully. And I think that there's something about Tim Walz that speaks in the same register. He's not going to mind seeding the stage to her. He gets that she's the principal, he's there to be the running back to do whatever she needs to do to get the ball down the field.


But he understands that he's the number two. And I think that's really important for the first woman president. I think that's, that's, that's such a great point. And I, there's just something about people who end up being vice president who never expected to be president. Yeah. Like Tim Wallace has never done a single thing that would most governors imagine themselves as president and are doing, you know, they're going to do the, the Iowa JJ Dinner, they're going to do the hundred Club in New Hampshire and all that stuff. And they're, they're planning for the day when the world will eventually recognize their talents and charms and make them president. And Tim, Walz really hasn't seemed that way at all. He's just kind of, he was an accidental politician. He only ran Yeah. 'cause the students asked him to, and then he, he lasted longer than he thought he would.


And then people were like, you know what, you'd be a great governor. You could do some cool stuff. So he ran for governor. And so he's just sort of in this to do the right thing. I think that's probably pretty appealing. And it that Joe Biden obviously wanted to be president, much of his life he'd run multiple times. But as President Obama's vice president, he never did a single thing to put his ambitions above President Obama's. He didn't he, even in the moment when he came out for marriage equality before President Obama, none of us, as frustrating as that was, for those of us who are working on President Obama's rollout of that, of his position, no one thought he was doing that. Joe Biden was doing that to put himself above President Obama. Right. Right. Like there was that trust there. That's like absolutely essential for the working relationship. The other thing that I think led to this is there is something, you know, very balancing to the ticket, right?


Yeah. Kamala Harris is, she is a woman of color. She is from Oakland, California. She was a district attorney of San Francisco, California. And to have, as your running mate, someone who is from the quintessential Midwestern state, he's a public school teacher coach, gun owning veteran of min rural from rural Minnesota. Like that is a cul that's cultural balance. Right. And like we should just be just clear, like I love Tim Walz, IH 80 Vance, the Vice presidential pick adds maybe a point or two, or cost may be a point or two unless you like pull a palin. And, but you know, there're gonna be these voters who are looking for Tiebreakers. Right? And they all live in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, in more rural areas. Maybe they voted for Obama in 2012, Trump in 2016, Biden in 2020.


And Tim Walz can be a tiebreaker. Right. It's a validation in some ways of who can, like him speaking about Kamala Harris is going to be very valuable with those voters, I think. Well I Also think that he's very hard to pigeonhole. And I think that's also really valuable in Ave Pick. Like, so it is I think, easy to pigeonhole her. She's from Oakland, California. You can talk for days about how California is, you know, like you just tax these companies out of existence and they leave and they go to Austin. Tim Walz is a pro-labor governor, but he's also cultivated one of the most thriving economies in the country. Like Minnesota has an amazing economy. There are 15 or so blue chip Fortune 500 companies in Minnesota.


Like he makes clear that you can be pro-labor and it's not anti-business. That these things are not irreconcilable. You can give workers the protections that they want and that they need. And it doesn't affect your bottom line. You can still build a thriving economy. And I think one of the things that was so impressive to me yesterday when the pick was announced is that, you know, there were also a lot of hand wringing from the business community about, you know, you know, there were other candidates that they thought would've been better for business. And then people immediately were like, what are you talking about? Minnesota's great for business 3M United Health like Target. I mean, this is the man who cultivated the conditions for every American to go on a target run where they are expecting to spend $20 and instead they spend $220.


Like that's economic progress. And I mean, just, there aren't a lot of people who could get enthusiastic tweets of support from both a OC and Joe Manchin in like a three minute period like Tim Malls did. So, I mean, it's just truly great pick. Now while picking Josh Shapiro wouldn't have guaranteed a win in Pennsylvania history, and the Pollings says it would be easier with him on the ticket, any chance this ends up being a major mistake. How I don't, I really don't like doing this Monday morning quarterbacking. I think you just, you made your pick and now you lean into it and you run as hard as you can. And I think fundamentally there was no perfect running mate. Like there were a lot of really good people. You know, Kelly would've offered a lot, but then there would've been this open Senate seat that would've come up during the midterms that would've been very hard to defend.


Beshear was great, did great things in Kentucky on Covid, but you weren't moving a red state like Kentucky. So there was no perfect candidate to be VP. And you know, Shapiro would've brought a lot of great things to the ticket. I think he might have suppressed some of the enthusiasm from young people in part because of his stance on Gaza and the student protest. But I think at bottom you have to respect the fact that this is a deeply, deeply personal choice. And like all the things I just said, I mean, this is the first black woman running as the top of a national ticket. She has to feel fully comfortable with whoever she's picked to be her second.


And sometimes that comes down to intangibles. And it's not just about polling, it's not just about someone's record. It's literally about how you feel with this person. And that's gotta be okay too. There was no wrong choice here. Yeah. and there was no perfect choice. Yeah. And Josh Shapiro would've been a great pick. Josh Shapiro is someone who, like Kamala Harris is very familiar to people who were with President Obama early. 'cause he also like, like the vice president endorsed Obama when a lot of people thought that was a really bad political idea and stuck with him through tough times. Like it is true that a home state governor or senator can add a point or two. And Pennsylvania's been decided by less than a point. But I just don't think one, the most important part of this decision has to be about governing and how you feel and the chemistry there.


But also it's just, you can't make the decision based on one state alone. You, if you win Pennsylvania, you lose everywhere else. Yeah. You're still not president or, and so Josh Bureau would've been great, but Tim Walz just say think brings a lot to the table and across a whole bunch of states that'll be very, very valuable. Right. Just, you just can't get beyond, there is like no better bio for a politician than veteran teacher, state champion football coach governor. Yeah. Like that is like, that is designed in a lab to be appealing. And I think he just brings a lot to the table. Shapiro would've been great, but just making it a decision solely over one point in Pennsylvania, I think is a sort of a overly simplistic way to look at it. Well, and, And, and big props to Josh Shapiro for showing up at the announcement to support this ticket enthusiastically and wholeheartedly, even while we all understand that he was one of the ones who was considered and he ultimately wasn't successful.


I think if he continues to be a surrogate in Pennsylvania, you can get all of the advantages of having him on the ticket. But as you say, there are a lot of other options and doorways that walls opens up. That was a very impressive thing to do under, I'm sure, like, imagine the sliding doors moment for his life based on one phone call in the morning. And he, he gave a great speech. Yeah. He put his heart into it and I guarantee you that he is going to work his tail off to deliver Pennsylvania for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. And so you're right. I think you can, you sort of get the best of both worlds here. Before we go to break, if you're listening to this, you probably, like all of us have been both fully Walls pilled and coconut pilled. And surely you're signed up for Vote Save America and ready to knock doors and make calls.


Right. Another great way to support Votes Save America is by buying John, John and Tommy's book Democracy. Or else How to Save America in 10 easy Steps. Because Crookeds donating the profits to support Vote Save, America and Progressive campaigns in 2024 with 89 days until the election Democracy or else is the perfect gift for anyone who's ready to get involved in politics but doesn't know where to start. Grab your copy of Democracy or else now from your favorite bookstore or at crooked.com/books.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. Is there anything worse than going to a mattress store and laying down on a mattress? You know, hundreds of people have tried out before you all on Overeager sales associate asks you probing questions. Definitely nothing worse. With Helix, you can order a mattress online and receive easy, no contact delivery. Nervous about buying a mattress online. Don't be the Helix Sleep quiz takes into account your individual sleep preferences to match you with the perfect mattress. Their lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. Helix plus a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and Helix Kids mattress designed for growing bodies and endorsed by child sleep experts. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. I have a Helix mattress. I have a Dawn Lux. It's plush but supportive. It's great for a stomach sleeper side sleeper. Highly recommend it and pundit likes it. You know, once the, once the room gets cold enough, she's up there trying to get a bit higher up in the air. In the air, you know, instinctively. And she seems comfortable, but she's also a dog. And with sleep on a pile of dirty diapers. So probably not good to take her word for it. It doesn't take anything away from the mattress though, which is fantastic. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long With Helix, better Sleep starts now.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there's a lot going on right now. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/psa.


A


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Harris officially introduced walls at a rally in Philly yesterday. The place was packed. There was huge energy and excitement. We got to see them appear together for the first time and get a sense of how their messages work together. Here's some of the highlights To his former high school students. He was Mr. Wall and to his former high school football players, he was coach. And in 91 days, the nation will know Coach Waltz by another name Vice President of the United States. He signed the most significant expansion of voting rights in Minnesota in over 50 years after Roe was overturned, he was the first governor in the country to sign a new law that enshrined reproductive freedom as a fundamental right In Minnesota.


We respect our neighbors and their personal choices that they make. Even if we wouldn't make the same choice for ourselves. There's a golden rule. Mind your own damn business. Like all regular people I grew up with in the heartland jd, studied at Yale, had his career funded by Silicon Valley billionaires and then wrote a bestseller trashing that community. Come on, I can't wait to debate the guy that is if you, if he's willing to get off the couch and show up. So Listen, did you get a chance to watch the event? What was your sense of the energy in the room? So I did watch it. I was on Amtrak, so I was using their wifi, which meant it kept cutting.


Oh. So it was pretty spotty I would guess. Yes. So I, I missed some of that. I am ly glad to hear the super cut, but wow. Like, I mean it had all of the great elements, like a really substantial discussion of the legislative record. He was folksy, she introduced to Ms. Coach like that's gonna get Tommy Tuberville really exercise. I love that. And then at the end, you know, you had these sort of subtle couch necrophilia issue that was like inserted in there. I mean he's funny and snarky and I think I kind of loved it. I thought it was a great introduction. I love the event. Tim Walz was amazing. That's a hard thing to do, right? Yeah. Tim Walz is the go of Minnesota. I can't imagine there's a time he's had to speak to a packed basketball arena of people screaming his name.


Maybe he in has introduced, you know, a president coming to an but nothing like that. Yeah. Where he's the headline, you know, we saw this with JD Vance at the convention. That's a hard jump to the big leagues. Yeah. And he killed it in that thing. He was funny. He was charming. He's also like, if you'd asked me a few years ago if the one politician in the Democratic Party other than a OC who would truly understand social media and TikTok would be Tim Walz, yes. I would be smart. Yes. But the, like mentioning, I would love to know if the couch thing was in the remarks or if that was an ad-lib. But it's just smart to like throw a little grist to the mill, throw a little chum in the water and get people to do it. 'cause it's funny, 99% of people who don't get it won't go right over the head and they won't care.


It just, it was great. It Was the perfect subtweet. And I mean, but this, I'm not surprised. Like this is the guy who just kind of decimated the Trump Vance ticket by just, they're weird, they're weirdos. Right. And that didn't surprise me at all. He was terrific. I I'd heard that one of the things he discussed with the Harris vetting team was that he'd never really used a teleprompter. And so this is going to be one of his first forays using a teleprompter. It's not easy to use a teleprompter. No. So, I mean, if that was his first shot at it, like he, he cleared the high bar. He was great. He didn't get fumbled up on it. Did, did not knock anything over. He was fantastic. It was also, and this has been true of the last few weeks with Harris's events everywhere.


It has been so long since we have had that much excitement in these sort of packed arenas of people like Yeah. Jumping out of their seats for a Democrat. Right. Obviously Biden ran in the pandemic in 2020. So we never got to see that. There was plenty of enthusiasm for Secretary Clinton, but she, they sort of got in that campaign a little wrapped around the axle of the campaign. Yeah. The crowds size comparisons with Trump. And they didn't do those sorts of events. Right. And so it really has been since Obama, Obama ran for reelection. Yeah. That we've, that we've seen things like this. And it's just, So I, I was around in 2007, 2008 when Obama was running for the first time. And this is the first thing that I've ever seen approximate that kind of energy and the hopefulness. And, and that part I think is actually really important.


And again, I keep coming back to the younger voters like Gen Z. They don't remember what that moment felt like. But I think this is that moment for them where they're excited about politics. It just doesn't feel like, you know, yet another slide into hell with like this election. But you know, the promise of something better. And that's exactly how it felt in 2008. Yeah, it is. It's just there's, we've lived for good reason in a politics of fear for the last decades. Yeah. As Trump was around like that. Both these elections were about what happens if Trump wins. Not what we can, you know, sort of like what Trump will do to us if he wins. Not what we can do if we win. And we had that in 2008 and then Obama had that again in 2012. And then we, this is the first time and it's, it's, it's wild.


She's the vice president of the United States, but she is the change candidate. Yeah. She is future. She is hope. And you, it just like, it's infectious. I can't even tell you the people in my life who have not talked to me about politics in six years Yeah. Who have brought up Kamala Harris and brought up Tim Walz. Like they're excited about Tim Walz. Like they've seen him on like they've seen some of his stuff. 'cause they engaged three weeks ago when, when the vice president got involved, when became the nominee. They've seen him, they've seen those clips go viral and they're just like excited in a way that is just really, really thrilling. I think part of this too is, you know, I Kamala Harris on the stump as a primary candidate in 2020 and 2019.


2020. I mean, yeah. Okay. Like, you know, and I say this as someone who loves her, like I am from Oakland, California. I remember when she was ag I remember when she was DA in San Francisco. I've been in the K hi for a long time now. But she was okay as a primary candidate. She kind of seated the spotlight to Joe Biden as she should have as vp. She is absolutely fantastic on the top of the ticket. Like so she is overperforming, she has this new partner who's clearly overperforming. And I think together the energy is just so infectious and the enthusiasm is refreshing and buoying. I mean, I think it's a really exciting time to watch politics, to be in politics if I was like a young person, I am a young person I guess, but if I were younger than I am, I would be so excited to watch this happening and, and so excited to vote in November.


You're right. She, you know, I remember her announcement speech in 2019 when she had that huge rally in Oakland and she was amazing. Yeah. I was, and then that, that was the promise. I mean it was an incredible event. And then, you know, she was sort of the front runner in some cases in that race. 'cause I, I think Biden hadn't actually gotten in the race yet. Yeah. And it didn't work after that. But this, what we're seeing now is the talent that people have seen in her for a long time. Right. That President Obama saw her. Yeah. And the 2020 Democratic primary was a messy primary. She was clearly uncomfortable in how Yeah. Than how that portrayed. But this is like, and she obviously she's got, you get a lot of reps, right? Yeah, she did. She has been and she has been out there after that sort of first tough year sort of under the radar, especially the last year kind of killing it in her events.


Especially since Dobbs. It really has been since Dobbs. Well, can I, can I do a callback to the strict scrutiny live, do please do live show at the Howard Theater back in June? Yes. So we had, as a guest, second gentleman, Doug Emh Hof, who came out and spoke with us about what men could do to support reproductive freedom. And we had a surprise guest and it was the vice president. And when we, when Kate and I walked out on that stage, like it was the same time they were seeding her in the audience. The applause was so overwhelming and I couldn't see because, you know, the lights are shining in your face, so you can't see what's going on in the audience. I literally thought the applause was for us. And I was like, okay, we're killing it. We are killing it.


She was like, calm down and like, I don't think it's for us. And you know, the lights go down a little like, oh yeah. It, it was for her it was like, we, we are ancillary here. But I mean it was so exciting just having her there and people were really jazzed. So, you know, when there was all the talk that would Biden drop out, what would happen? I fully believed that if she were at the top of the ticket, she could totally carry it. Because I saw how stoked people were about her at that live show. Yeah, For sure. Absolutely. So there was a pullout yesterday that showed that 70% of Americans don't know enough about Tim Walz to have an opinion on him. Clearly one of the focuses of the event was introducing walls to the American people. The vice president spent a lot of time going through his bio in great detail walls, sort of reemphasize some key points.


What do you think the most compelling parts of his bio are from the remarks yesterday were? Well, I mean, I think one, the combination of both executive and legislative experience is really important. He's done a lot as governor of Minnesota, but he also had some real issues that he had to deal with. You know, he was criticized for his handling of the protest after George Floyd's death. He had to answer for that when he ran for reelection. He did, I think he told a very compelling story that was important. And then it translated into legislative action. Like they passed a police accountability reform bill that allows law enforcement to do their jobs, but also to do them under conditions in which ordinary citizens can expect a measure of public safety.


And I think that's really important. So she matched up the record with actual specific discussions of things that he had done. The codification of roe, which is enormous for many women who are headed to the ballot box this November. Like Minnesota was the first state, I believe maybe one of the first states, perhaps even the first state to actually take steps to ensure protections for abortion access and reproductive freedom in the wake of Dobbs. That's enormous. He has done executive actions that preserve the possibility of gender affirming care for youth and let their parents decide as opposed to allowing state legislators to decide. The menstrual equity bill, I think is also critically important.


You know, Republicans are calling him tampon. Tim, if I were him, I would make a T-shirt. Yes. I am tampon Tim and I'm here to stop the red wave. That's why I'm here. And lean into it. And I mean, like who, who's mad about providing sanitary napkins and tampons? Like you guys were wearing sanitary napkins on your ears a month ago. Like what's the, I mean like, so I thought it was really important that she introduced him as someone who was a person of action, but it was sort of common sense legislation that his constituents wanted and indeed that the majority of voters support. Yeah, I thought, I mean, his record is a model for what you want a record to be.


It is progressive, but it is populous, it is common sense. These are all incredibly popular proposals that he has turned into law. I would say the anecdote that I found most heartwarming and maybe said the most about Tim Walz that I think will be very, I think could really mean a lot to a lot of people. and there are actually two of them. The first is the story about how he decided to become the faculty advisor for the gay Straight alliance at the school. And that he thought it was important Yeah. For a straight man football coach to do it to what the message would that would send and like what just a, a way of not just being self-aware, but being empathetic to others and understanding the role and responsibility you have and at a time when that was a very controversial thing for a football coach to do. Right. It might still be controversial sports the country do right now.


And he did it and it's just The youth would call that allyship. I mean, I don't know that they were calling it allyship back Yeah. At that point. But I mean, I, I think that's what my students would say. Like that's an ally right there. I'm sort of using his privilege to raise up other people and, and again, the football coach, right? I mean, you know, I've been covering the Supreme Court on strict scrutiny and you know, we've been talking about football coaches who wanna prey on the 50 yard line in, in the middle of a public football field at halftime. But, you know, here's a guy using his position, using the clout that he has with his students. Not to proselytize to them, but literally to lift some of them up and ensure that they feel included.


You just imagine when people are having the conversation that time about gay students at the time and they can say the football coach is okay with the defensive coordinator on the state championship football team is okay with it and supports us. That just carries so much weight in a high school. Yeah. And it's just like, particularly in a rural part of the country. Yeah. It's just like the football coach is so important and such an influential part. They're like more than the mayor and to do it just said a lot to me. And then the way he talked about their struggles to have children Yeah. And using IVF. Yeah. And just like once again, having the old white football coach from rural Minnesota talk about it in that way. Something that men almost never talk about in private, let alone in public at a time in which the Republicans trying to ban IVF we're having all of these questions around and they're trying to do everything they can to get involved in's personal lives and to talk about it in that way.


It's like that will ma like one of the, the key to success is making also men care about Dobbs and what Republicans are doing. Yeah. I just think just the, he just is so relatable, comfortable in his own skin and Relatable. He just, yeah. It's just, it's really, it's it's just really, really, it was, it was, it was really great. And people who did not know anything about Tim Walz who watched that came away loving him, people who went into it favorably disposed to him, came away loving it. I thought it was just, it was in incred. It was great. So You know how they did those shirts with like a young Doug Emh, like, and he looks like he's like straight out of a John Hughes movie. Like with the Laguna Beach Yeah. T-shirt. They have to do a t-shirt of Tim Walz holding that pig at the state fair.


Like that's the T-shirt. Like, he's so adorable. Have you seen the video of he and his daughter trying to film the PSA for Ha The New Hands-Free Driving Law. Oh, that's hilarious too in Minnesota. Yeah. It's so good. It's so like, I mean, telling his daughter that, having his daughter tell him that Turkey is meat and him saying, no, it's Minnesota Turkey special is just so funny. Yeah. In the state fair one. Like, I mean it really is, he is like the, this is the underrated part is that he is great at the internet. Yeah. Which you would not have expected from Tim Walz. And he just, it's, it's a huge asset to the, to the ticket. Well it's, It's it unexpected. I mean this man is a teacher he knows how to communicate to Yeah, that's true. He knows how to relate to Kids. Yeah. I mean I think that's really a big part of this.


And you know, there was this one tweet this morning, this woman who's like, you know, I'm a hundred percent sure that Tim Walz could teach me how to drive stick shift without making me cry. I mean like, it's that kind of energy. Yes, Yes. I saw someone else say Tim Walz can talk about heat pumps and install them. So it's like, it's a, it's great. Now strict scrutiny is a legal podcast, but you guys talk a ton about these hot button social issues that tend to divide the country. Abortion is because of this court and reproductive rights are always at the top of the ticket. What is your take on walls in what walls this addition to the ticket does in terms of the issue environment around reproductive rights and abortion? Well, like what's the Harris Walls Ticket like?


No, it's a great question. I, I'll just say, I know that strict scrutiny is a podcast about the Supreme Court and the legal culture that surrounds it. But law and politics are inextricably intertwined. So when we talk about law, you're right, especially these days, especially these days when you know politicians have convictions and they are about issues, but also actual convictions and you know, we have to deal with that. I think one of the things that strikes me as really unusual about this ticket, and maybe even unprecedented, is that it is a reproductive justice ticket. And I just wanna be clear about what I mean by that. Like there is the discussion of reproductive rights, which is typically about access to abortion and access to contraception about how to not become pregnant or how to stop being pregnant.


Black women for many years have been talking about reproductive justice, which is not simply about avoiding pregnancy or avoiding parenthood, but being able to choose whether and how you become pregnant and the conditions under which you parent if in fact you do choose to become a parent. And it's just a much more capacious frame. And I've always been struck by the fact that Kamala Harris has been talking about reproductive freedom in ways that are really registering in a reproductive justice frame. So it's not just about access to abortion. You know, from the time she was in California, she talked about maternal mortality and maternal morbidity and about the disproportionate rates of maternal mortality among black women.


She talked about access to prenatal and postpartum care. So not just access to abortion, but how are you going to become a parent in ways that are healthful and conducive to your own thriving. And what I like about this ticket in terms of reproductive freedom is that Tim Walz is also talking about these things in a broader frame. So yes, he signed the protections of ROE into Minnesota's state law, but the menstrual equity bill, the gender affirming care bill, the Universal School lunch bill that he signed into law, those are all about reproductive justice too. Like the idea that you have these children and you raise them in conditions where you don't have to worry about whether they're eating at school like, like there's lunch provided they can eat and they can learn and you know, there's someone not just you thinking about their broader health that you know, if your kid is questioning their gender identity, you don't, you're not assailed by these legislators who are trying to make this choice for you.


That's a reproductive justice issue. The fact that he is a hunter and a veteran, but he supports common sense gun regulations. That's a reproductive justice issue. Like gun violence is a scourge on so many communities and how parents raise their children in these conditions where violence is literally around the corner. So to me what's great about this ticket is not that it's about reproductive freedom in the traditional sense, but that it's really a capacious frame that's thinking about what are the conditions in which we exercise our reproductive capacity and then parent in ways that are consistent with our values and with the long-term health of our communities and our children.


That's a really smart and interesting way to think about this. And it's just says so much about what walls brings to the ticket that he can reinforce that that frame from, from the vice versa. That's a white guy, Right? That's a white guy. As a white guy who would believe that, Dan? I always believed Dan, you're exactly Right. I always believed it. We don't get it right often, but Tim Walz, Tim Walz is making a good case for us. Yeah.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere, follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


It's that time of the year your vacation is coming up. You can already hear the beach waves, feel the warm breeze, relax and think about work. You really, really want it all to work out while you're away. monday.com gives you and the team that peace of mind when all work is on one platform and everyone's in sync, things just flow wherever you are. Tap the banner to go to monday.com.


We all belong outside. We're drawn to nature. Whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes, nature makes all of our lives well better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it, but the outdoors is closer than we realize. With all trails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on trail navigation. Download the free app today and make the most of your summer with all trails.


All right. Donald Trump with Republicans wasted no time attacking the choice of walls. Their arguments were all over the map to say the least. Let's take a listen. What bothers me about Tim Waltz is the stolen valor garbage. Do not pretend to be something that you're not, Because this is a ticket that would want this country go to go communist immediately, if not sooner. We want no security, we want no anything. He's very heavy into transgender. Anything transgender he thinks is great. Okay. Lemme tell you, this is a shocking pick and I think it's very insulting to Jewish people. I think that any Jewish person who votes for a Democrat, or in this case these people, but who votes for a Democrat should have their head examined because everyone thought it was gonna be Shapiro.


It turned out not to be Shapiro. I have very little doubt that it was, you know, not for the reason we're talking about it. It was because of the fact that he's Jewish and they think they're gonna offend somebody else. Truly wild stuff from these yahoos based on reporting in Politi from Politico and elsewhere, it seems like they've settled on two of these crazy arguments. The first is that walls is a radical liberal. And second, that not picking Shapiro's evidence of some sort of rampant antisemitism within the Democratic party. Let's start with the first argument. What do you think can the Republicans make a good owning football coach for rural Minnesota? Seem like a dangerous lefty. Not to lead the witness here to use one of your terms, but, Well, I, I think they're going to try. I I I think one of the things I think is going to be difficult about painting him as a pinko commie is that there's so much support for the things that he's doing.


Like right now, drawing the contrast between the Republicans as they hate feeding school kids. Like they, like, they don't think these kids should not get fed at school, whereas he thinks that they should be fed so they can go and learn. And if they need the food, they shouldn't be stigmatized for taking it. And that's the reason why it's universally provided. Like if that's the contrast you wanna to draw, like we should say, bring it on. Like that's a really important contrast. Like the party of compassion versus the party of like, you know, lock her up I guess. But to me, if you wanna call this communism, I think there are a lot of people in the voting public who are like, I don't think that's communism.


I think that's just like being a good neighbor. And, and I think walls is great at talking about this, like talking about the other side is these are my neighbors. Like I may not agree with them, but I have to live with them and we have to find a way to work together. And so I think he's kind of practicing a politics where he is not afraid to call them out, but he's also not afraid to bring them in. Whereas they're just like, like, we want away from these people. We don't want anything to do with them. We don't want anything to do with their politics, but their politics are actually shared by a wide number of people in the public. Yeah. I just, I think it's gonna be really, really hard to convince the public that Tim Walz is some sort of radical lefty. Right? I, for a lot of the public, they don't go through the white papers and look at all policies.


Know Dan, Dan Santa Claus is pretty much a communist. He's like giving all these presents to kids and their parents Are, but no one think, but because, because he is an old bearded white guy, no one thinks he's a communist. But the Elves, the elves, the Elves, The, But it's just, it's like ideology. How people see ideology is more about identity than policy positions. Yeah. And it's just he code, he does not code as a radical lefty. Well He doesn't code as a radical lefty. And what's, and I hope he, this comes up in the debate with JD Vance if, if we have one, the things that he has done as governor of Minnesota are the same kinds of programs that enabled a young JD Vance when he was going by a completely different name to survive while his mother was struggling with drug addiction, like while his grandmother was raising him.


And JD Vance talks about that in Hillbilly Elegy. Like those government programs were the bridge that allowed them to keep going as a family. Like why then are you against them now? And why are you pillaring Tim Walz? Because he did more of that as governor. Right. It's, but these things are also popular, right? Yeah. Free lunch, popular free college for people to make less than $80,000 Popular. Popular paid family medical leave, popular, popular legalizing marijuana, incredibly popular. And these things are popular, not just like 51% popular. Yeah. They're like 60, 70, 80% popular with large swaths of the Trump base. Yeah. Being okay with it. Yeah. And so Tim Walz is of a, like, he is a progressive, but he is a populist progressive in the like shared brown mold.


Yes. Right. Where it's just that really works in that part of the country. And I think it's just gonna be really hard to make him seem crazy. And even if they break to it, just, it's a kind of, I hope they spend all their time doing it. Focus on that, not the vice president. Right. Because that is, that is a, I don't think they can succeed. And if they did succeed, I don't think it would make a huge difference. And so, you know, you, they are clearly, it is interesting that, you know, walls wasn't, maybe, maybe they, if you were ranking it, you would've thought Shapiro was the most likely pick, but they had a list of three for a week now. Yeah. And they haven't really, they didn't really prepare for this one anyway. Shape or form performance seemed pretty flummoxed much as they were by Kamala Harris taking over another thing that was maybe not, well not definite, but certainly foreseeable. And they, you know, it's just, it's it's interesting that they are, were not ready for this and that's the best they have.


And I, I take a lot of solace in the fact that they don't have anything better for that for, than Tim Walz. Well, I mean that Was predictable too. I mean like their whole approach to governing was like, so we actually have to govern this thing. I mean like the whole four years was like, wait, like how, how do you do this? And I, I think just we're seeing them getting caught flatfooted. And I, to be clear, I do not think this is going to be a walk in the park. I think the, no, the level of distortion in the electoral landscape because of gerrymandering, because of voter suppression is really, really complicated. And it does mean that if Democrats want to win and to do so decisively so that there aren't a ton of legal challenges going forward about, you know, who won the election, Democrats are really gonna have to flood the zone.


Like out, like turnout's going to have to be enormous. Like you are going to have to overwhelm them in order to run up the numbers to make it very clear that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz won and it wasn't even close. I think that has to happen. What do you think of the antisemite of attack and they really make that stick? I mean, I think it's hard to make the anti-Semitism claims stick when, you know, the candidate who's running for president goes to bed every night with an observant Jew. I mean, you can try, I guess I think for most people you can understand that, you know, there were lots of things that Shapiro could have brought to this ticket and there were a lot of things that might have been disadvantages that he could have brought.


And it, it's not just, you know, the question of Gaza, although I do think that, and the question of the student protestors certainly had some relevance, especially when thinking about how to relate to younger voters. But I mean, there are other things too that I think, you know, may have made Shapiro a less exciting pick relative to walls it same for Beshear, same for Kelly. I mean, these are very practical considerations that are then leavened with these very personal considerations. So I think that's the way to deal with the antisemitism. Like we're not anti-Semitic. Like it's a personal thing. There's chemistry, there's vibes. Like my dog agrees. Like my Exactly. One thing I'll say is there is a long history of Republicans using these false charge of antisemitism, particularly against Democrats.


Particularly Democrats of color that happen to Barack Obama. Yeah. All the time. Yeah, that's a point there, there's a real opportunity That point. That's a really good point. Very real point. The idea though that because she did not pick a candidate who happens to be Jewish makes, is evidence of antisemitism absurd. Because guess who also picked a vice president recently and did not pick someone from their shortlist who is Jewish Donald Trump. Who, guess which one as you said, Doug Moff second gentleman, Jewish. Donald Trump tends to die with Nazis. Right. Has called them very fine people. It's just an, it's an absurd thing. And so I, I like, I don't, we, I think the Harris Walls Committee is gonna have to watch some of the really pretty gross under the radar stuff to try to target Jewish voters.


But as, as a broad attack about the walls pick. I think it's kind of ridiculous. Now, walls and Harris were scheduled to do five rallies in five battleground states this week. The rally they had in North Carolina for later in the week was canceled due to weather from Hurricane Debbie Trump, on the other hand, has only one event this week, which is a rally in Bozeman, Montana, which is not exactly a battleground state, but he did announce he's gonna be interviewed by Elon Musk on Monday. So I guess he's doing some stuff. Why do you think Donald Trump's so absent from the trail? Like this is very, this is a very sparse schedule, 90 days from the election. I mean, Does this surprise you? I like, I watched The Apprentice in the early two thousands, like Donald Trump did. Fuck all on that show. I mean, he literally showed up at the beginning, announced the project, kind of intermittently, showed up to ogle some of the contestants, and then showed up at the end to fire someone like this is business as usual.


And I, I, I think this was also the way he ran his administration. I mean, I think there was like, I, I didn't see a lot of action from him and I, I think, you know, that was one of the reasons why I think the attacks on Joe Biden when he was the nominee were so galling or this idea that, you know, Joe Biden is sleepy Joe and he's not energetic like neither are you dude. And that's okay. Like, that's kind of what you do when you're in your seventies kind of kicked back. You're not working a full-time job, but you're also not running for president. So I'm not surprised by this. Like, I think this is par for the course. And then you leaven his natural proclivity toward being lazy with being an older person.


I, I think like, it's not surprising that he's not out stumping hard. Yeah. You would think he would work harder to stay outta prison since that's his primary impetus for, But he's working really hard on that. Yeah. Yes. He, you know, he, well, you're right. He is lazy and he's entitled. And three weeks ago he thought he was cruising to the presidency. Yeah. Which is why he scheduled this rally in Bozeman, Montana. The reason you go to Bozeman, Montana is not to win the White House, it's to have a Republican senate when you're president. 'cause they're trying, that's a rally to defeat John Tesser, not to defeat Kamala Harris. And I think they just don't know what they're, and they thought they could run. If you're running against Joe Biden, who was also doing one or two, he was doing more than Trump for sure. But he was doing one or two events a week. Here you have Kamala Harris, he's doing two rallies today.


She's gonna do more today than Donald Trump has done in the last two weeks. Right. That is, I'm Just gonna say, as a Jamaican, we always have three or four jobs. She can do this. This is part of, it's what we do. It's what we do. Yes. She can handle on it. Melissa, before we go, I wanted to get your take on some recent legal developments that we haven't talked about, because we haven't met anyone on the podcast recently who's made it through law school. But Jon Lovett and his LSAT score, He's only brought it up once or twice. Don't worry. Okay, let's start with the Supreme Court. President Biden recently announced his support for, and then Kamala Kamala Harris immediately endorsed a series of reforms to the Supreme Court, including term limits and ethics reform decision that was validated by a report in the New York Times this week that Justice Thomas had gone on, even more junkets paid for by the billionaire Harlan Crowe.


What do you think about the reforms and this latest news about your F1 of your favorite justices? Let me do the, let me do it in reverse. Like, was anyone even surprised That this, I was gonna say your favorite justice, but I knew that was probably your sarcastically. I knew that was Alito, so I, I had to say, I had to put it in So many to choose from. There're just so many to choose from. Choose. So I thought it was hilarious that this whole thing about Clarence Thomas and the other trips, like, I don't even think it registered with the public. You're like Clarence Thomas accepting freebies again, some more like, it was just sort of like, okay, more of the same. Like it's fine. I think people are just truly over it and it's just become a kind of oversaturation like what else is going to happen? And it's almost like he's trolling us at this point.


So there's that. And that's all I'm going to say about it. I do think that Biden's decision to issue this proposal about Supreme Court reform is really, really important. Not because I think it's going to be successful. I don't think anything is going to happen before the election. And I think you're going to need a wider majority in the Senate in order to get any of this to happen. But it means that one, he has zero fucks left to give and he's now devoting it to this question, which has been a huge issue that many of us wish he had been more forceful on during the four years of his term in office. So I think this is great, and I think it's great that he's doing this. I will emphasize that these proposals are very modest reforms.


The term limits, that's something that like every constitutional court around the world already has, where the outliers here, the proposal to have a binding code of ethics that's low hanging fruit too. It's just the court won't do it. The most interesting proposal is the constitutional amendment to overrule Trump versus United States. That's the recent presidential immunity case that I think is the biggest lift because it would require a constitutional amendment and the most significant thing. But I just wanna emphasize, he is not talking about packing the court. He's not talking about recalibrating or rebalancing the court. These are all really modest proposals. So the thing that I think is great about it is that he's willing to talk about it.


He's willing to inject it into electoral discourse. And I love that Kamala Harris has doubled down on it because it means that the Supreme Court can be a part of the electoral discourse going into November, which Democrats have almost never done when stumping for their particular candidates. And I think it has, the court has to be on the ticket and it has to drive not only the race for the presidency, it should also drive the race for the Senate. And everyone should be talking about it. We could actually impeach Clarence Thomas and Sam Alito if we had a wider majority in the Senate. And so court reform in all of its many facets has to be part of how we talk about what's at stake in this election.


Yeah, I think the most notable, I agree with you, the reforms are more modest than I would like. Obviously nothing is gonna happen in the air term, but there is, that does feel like a watershed moment. Yeah. That the ultimate institutionalist Yes. The former chair of the judiciary committee, the one who is more reticent than anyone else on the party to criticize the court publicly, was willing to go this way. Yeah. So whatever happens next, he, it makes it easier for, we hope President Harris to, to be able to take this on next time. It makes it, he creates a permission structure for Democrats who were maybe worried about the politics or worried about the precedent or the norm busting of these sorts of reforms to do it. So I think it's a very, you know, it's not everything I would want, but the fact that Joe Biden of all people did it, and it was interesting enough, was going to do it if he was still running for president.


Like this was, this was signaled to something. This was not something he was like, oh, now I'm not on the ballots, I'm gonna do it. He was playing, this was No, yeah, they had booked that venue when he was still running. Yeah. And they went ahead with it anyway. And so I think that that was a, I think it's just we had to do something out the court. It is what you guys talk about all the time. And Joe Biden has moved the ball forward in a way that he did not have to, but I think is very consequential. Well, and, And the fact that he did, I mean, that just shows if an institutionalist is over this court, like we all should be over this court. Yes. Yes. Okay. Finally, after a very long and unnecessary delay that involved a president getting immunity, the January 6th case has finally been sent back to Judge Checkins courtroom.


What happens now? Any chance we get some action before the election? Just give us an update. We used to talk, follow this every single minute of the day, and then we've been on this, you know, as we mentioned, rollercoaster for the last month. So what, what do we need to know? All Right. So what kind of action are you seeking? Frankly, anything. Can we, okay. Like, I mean, what I would like to see Trump frog march to jail, but I have, I've levied my expectations that we'll happen before the election. Will we get a hearing? Will there be testimony? Will you know, okay. What are we gonna get here? I'm, I'm glad you're realistic about this. What To right? Yeah. What's the next thing? All right, so I'm glad you're being realistic about this. So the case is back with Judge Chuck Ken, and she's ultimately going to be forced to determine what aspects of the alleged conduct that took place in the, in the Runup to January 6th, which of those actions were quote unquote official actions, and therefore immunized from prosecution, which were unofficial actions and can be subject to prosecution.


And she has set an August 9th deadline for a status report that both sides will file jointly. So they're going to have to agree on a kind of timeline for how this is going to play out and how they're going to address these questions. I imagine that in the process of trying to work out that timeline, there's going to be some push and pull, maybe some delays on that. But there's supposed to be a meeting or sort of a, i, I guess a hearing of the parties on August 16th that's going to determine the pretrial schedule. I imagine that one of the things that will be set at that meeting, if they can agree to the schedule, is a date for some kind of hearing where Judge Chuck will hear evidence about whether or not certain aspects of that conduct were official and that which was unofficial.


And, you know, my co-author on the Trump indictments, Andrew Weissman has, I think for months, said that this might be the closest that we get to some kind of public airing about what actually happened on January 6th and the events leading up to January 6th. Maybe we have testimony from Mike Pence about this. I mean, all of this could happen as she tries to sort of suss out what is official, what is unofficial, and therefore what is subject to prosecution. But I don't think we are going to actually resolve any of these questions to the point where we can get to a trial before November. And we've been saying that for months, like, you know, on strict scrutiny, we said as early as March, that it was unlikely because of the Supreme Court's delay that we would ever get to a trial on this.


I think the fact of a hearing on these questions about what's official and unofficial, that might be the best that we can hope for, for a public airing of what happened on January 6th. Hey, look, I'll take it right public hearing. We could, you know, a little focus on January Trump's actions on January 6th before the election seems interesting for the, for the voting, for the persuaded voter voters out there. But, But that's, that's again why the election is so important. I mean, you've said this multiple times today, Donald Trump is running for president, so he doesn't go to jail if he wins the presidency. We're not going to have these trials at all. He's going to direct his new Attorney general to kill these prosecutions.


He will not get sentenced for the New York convictions because we've never had a situation where a sitting president has been convicted and sentenced. And I, I doubt we will, and it's very likely he'll figure out a way to kill the Georgia prosecution. So the stakes of this election are not just about the Supreme Court, not just about abortion rights, not just about voting rights. It's about whether or not we're going to have accountability. If Harris Wall win, these prosecutions will go forward, and if they don't win, they will not. It's as simple as that. That seems like a great place to end it. Melissa, thanks so much for co-hosting today. John and I will be back in your feed on Friday morning with another podcast. Thanks.


If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Sa Reubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


It's that time of the year your vacation is coming up. You can already hear the beach waves, feel the warm breeze, relax and think about work you really, really want it all to work out while you're away. monday.com gives you and the team that peace of mind when all work is on one platform and everyone's in sync, things just flow wherever you are. Tap the banner to go to monday.com.