
Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.


This week we're going all out for the Democratic National Convention. Here at Crooked Media, we're giving friends of the Pod subscribers access to a ton of behind the scenes content and community events, including A DNC subscriber Live chat, a new subscriber exclusive segment featuring me, John Tommy and Dan Four Count 'em four, back to back ad free episodes of Pod Save America recapping the biggest convention news of the night, and brand new episodes of Inside 2024 and Polar Coaster. It's gonna be a hell of a week for content, and as a bonus, we'll have a Democratic Party nominee by the end. Pretty good deal. Get all of our exclusive DNC content and more when you subscribe to Friends of the Pod. Head to crook.com/friends to sign up now.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. I'm Tommy Vitor. we are back here at the United Center to recap night three of the Democratic convention Back here. I'm not sure we've ever Left. We have not left. I've been here for most of my life now. Yeah, most of our lives, and most of that was a Bill Clinton speech. On today's show, on tonight's show, governor Tim Walls delivers a blockbuster convention speech here in Chicago. Donald Trump is not happy about Barack Obama and other Democrats being mean to him. And RFK Jr. Reportedly plans to drop out of the race and endorse Donald Trump. This all happened while we were running around today.


I barely even know what happened here. Take one second away. To play cornhole with Harry Entin and the CNN Grill. You miss all this news. That's real, by the way. That's real. What I'm describing is real. Stay. Stay tuned to CNN plus, governor Gretchen Whitmer and Harris Campaign communications director Michael Tyler. Stop by But first. Another night of the convention, another night of Joy and Democratic Unity. This one was packed with Democratic stars, mayor Pete, Josh Shapiro, Hakeem Jeffries, Nancy Pelosi, and also fucking Oprah. Oprah. we got Oprah Surprise guest. She's so good. And the Knights headliners. We have Bill Clinton and of course Tim Walls.


Let's start with Coach Walls, just an absolute banger of a speech. Okay? We've listen every night. We say we're not gonna drink as much as we drank the night before, but then we're so tired from the drinking from the previous evening that the drinks are getting bigger as we get later into this event. You have it wrong. we, we waited to drink earlier the last couple nights. we waited to drink later tonight. We were like, let's just start earlier. Earlier. Yeah, that's right. You can hear that in the recording. Yeah, you can hear it. Anyway, let's listen to, let's listen to Coach Walls. Accept the Vice Presidential nomination. So There. I was a 40 something high school teacher with little kids, zero political experience and no money running in a deep red district.


But you know what? Never underestimate a public school teacher. And we made sure that every kid in our state gets breakfast and lunch every day. Other states were banning books from their schools. We were banishing hunger from ours. When Republicans use the word freedom, they mean that the government should be free to invade your doctor's office. Corporations free to pollute your air and water, and banks free to take advantage of customers.


But when we Democrats talk about freedom, we mean the freedom to make a better life for yourself and the people that you love. Freedom to make your own healthcare decisions and yeah, your kid's freedom to go to school without worrying about being shot dead in the hall clip and save it and send it to your undecided relatives so they know if you're middle class family or a family trying to get into the middle class, Kamala Harris is gonna cut your taxes. If you're getting squeezed by prescription drug prices, Kamala Harris is gonna take on big pharma.


If you're hoping to buy a home, Kamala Harris is gonna help make it more affordable. And no matter who you are, Kamala Harris is gonna stand up and fight for your freedom to live the life that you want to lead, because that's what we want for ourselves, and it's what we want for our neighbors. You know, you might not know it, but I haven't given a lot of big speeches like this, but I have given a lot of pep talks. We're down a field goal, but we're on offense and we've got the ball. We're driving down the field, and boy, do we have the right team.


Kamala Harris is top. Kamala Harris is experienced, and Kamala Harris is ready. Our job, our job, our job, our job for everyone watching is to get in the trenches and do the blocking and tackling. One inch at a time, one yard at a time, one phone call at a time, one door knock at a time, one $5 donation at a time. And as the next president of the United States always says, when we fight, we we fight. we we fight.


we thank you. God bless. Coach Walls got the assignment. Great. Great speech. He knew what to do. What'd you guys think? You know what I loved about the speech? First of all, if you put a bunch of washed up, middle aged high school football players on a stage, you got me, you're speaking my love language, Tim Walls, that was how they opened it. They brought out their, their state championship football team in their jerseys looking great, but then he focused most of his bio on being a coach, being a teacher. Why? Because people like coaches and they like teachers. They don't love politicians. All the time he talked about like some of, you know, giving free school lunches to kids and other legislative accomplishments, but he connected as a human being, just came away authentic.


He like got calmer as the speech went on and more conversational in the delivery. It was just excellent. And you know, he had a line in there where he talked about the hell of infertility and hearing that part, like started to get me choked up. But then they cut to his kids who were crying and beaming and saying like, I love my dad. And like everyone in this room started weeping. Yeah. It was just incredibly emotional. It was the first time I welled up the entire convention. Me too. Pick up me. Me Too. Me too. Yeah. First Time for me too. When Monday night went after 1130, I started to cry a little bit. Yeah, no, that's a different, different reason. Yeah. The there's also just, there's, there's no faking what Tim Walls is in that moment where, so they, it, it was also funny because they cut to hope and she's making a heart and then cuts to Gus.


And Gus is just weeping and just like, get on his feet, say, I love you, dad. It was, it was funny and beautiful and real and you just think It was like a high school football movie. Yeah, it's, that's what it was. His shirt was on top. I'll tell you where Hits home. It is Older sister, little Brother Energy right there. And then you compare that to the, like capital from the Hunger Games vibe of the Republican National Committee of all these kind of plastered fucking Botox grins of people that barely can aren speaking terms pretending to be a family for one fucking night. JD Vance in a basement on his laptop in some fucking weird chat room. That's Right, That's right. Also, it was a, a pretty tight speech. Yeah.


Incredibly tight. And the message was clear, he said right at the top, maybe like the third or fourth line, we love this country. We help our neighbors. We believe in a country where everybody belongs and everybody has a, a responsibility to contribute. And then he told the story and then he told the story about why Kamala Harris will be a great president and why she'll help people. And why this whole campaign is about helping people and why this country can be about everyone helping each other and lifting each other up and turning the page on All, the bullshit divisiveness of the last however many years with Donald Trump in our lives. It was fantastic. The way this process goes often is the campaign manager, political strategies, message person, the candidate, the speech writer will sit down and the, and the strateg will say, here are the five things we need to accomplish in the room.


The candidate will agree to that. Then the speech writer will go write a speech that does those things. Then the candidate will get ahold of the speech and they will decide to do crazy self-indulgent shit. This was like, he checked the box on every single thing that if I had been in the room, I've said, this is what Tim Mal do a speech, introduce him to the nation. Right. Make the case for Kamala Harris do on very specific anti-Trump stuff. One of the challenges that Democrats have is that Donald Trump is not getting the blame he deserves for Dobbs. And there's a CBS poll this weekend that shows that majorities of voters and majority of independents do not believe that Donald Trump will pass a federal abortion manner, try to ban abortion nationally and really believe his leave it to the state's bullshit.


So you gotta do that. He wants explicitly at that project, 2025, he goes at that and then he does something which is just so smart, which is to pick the moment he picked the moment he want. That was the most persuasive moment and told people to send it to their relatives. Yes. Yeah. And then he ends the speech, giving people specific tasks of things to do to win the election, knock on doors, give $5, like it is soup to nuts. It just hits All, the strategic high points for a campaign Speech. And just one thing on that, didn't he? He said, clip this part and save it. And he reminded me of being at the supermarket with my mother when the checkout lady would see like ye a coupon. Like it was that kind of vibe. Yeah. It, I mean I wouldn't say it was like the exact right verbiage, but that's also Trump.


We Love that. There's also something just said like about the why that speech was so excellent. There's a, like an interview some celebrities have been giving about how, like Hollywood used to think IP wasn't just Marvel comics, but like your Sweet 16 was an was ip, right? IP were things that happen to actual people. And, and so often, like in a, in in speech writing, people think you need to use cliches to convey like basic values that you'd use the cliche to, to get at the values underneath. But that was a speech about values and it didn't have a lot of cliches. It expressed the values through his, his his experience and his own words. And if you do that well enough, you make a new cliche, you make something real from your actual experience that conveys the values, it goes the other direction.


And it was a lot better. There were some, there was some, you know, Tim Walls, that was one of the best speeches we've ever heard from. Would You say it's better than dug it off? Uhoh? No, it's Doug. We Lovett, but, but it's close. But but that was an incredible speech by the vice presidential candidate. And it would've been better if it had been an hour earlier. And one of the reasons it wasn't wasn't 'cause there's a lot of indulgent people spreading a lot of fucking plum out there. Well, We have this later in The program. Sorry, but you just couldn't wait. I'm sorry. Bad. I'm sorry. That's, I'm, I'm good now. I'm good. You're right about the imagery. Like they weren't cliches, but he was like, it's the fourth quarter, we're down a fuel goal. We have the ball. Like you paint a picture, you see that in your mind's eye. And you mentioned Tim malls like hiking the ball. He's probably the center in this scenario if we're being honest, not the quarterback.


And that's what I saw. Well, and also that fits him, right? He's a coach. Like if another speaker tonight used that imagery, it would be like, what are you doing? That sounds so cheesy, right? But like, it fits him so perfectly. That's great. Which is the whole point of like why if you want to deliver a great speech at a convention or anywhere, like you can't just look at other good speakers and be like, I'm gonna copy that. You have to do something that is true to you. Right. And like Tim Walls, you have to also have the confidence to know that. Like you can deliver that speech and you can figure out like what's what fits you best and just go for it. And Tim Walls clearly had that confidence that it, we saw what we saw in that clip when he was like, you know, you might not know that I don't give a lot of big speeches like this.


It's like, yeah, he doesn't, but he seems like he does. Right? He does. But you also, by the way, like just you see him and like he's bouncing between the two sides of the teleprompter. Like would notice he's an incredible speaker, but like he is new to doing that. And there's a rawness to it and an authenticity to it that carries through because he just, I mean, if if Tim Wal didn't exist, you'd have to invent him. Well he Does the ah, shucks thing. Like I'm not used to this. And, and there was reporting that one of the things he talked about with Kamala Harris when she chose him is that he'd never used a teleprompter Before. The first teleprompter speech he ever gave us at that rally in Philadelphia, which was announced like a couple weeks ago. Yeah. And then he, like his confidence and comfort in his own skin just grew and grew and grew. That is a very rare thing. It's So funny. It's like JD Vance is gonna stand across from he's Simone fucking Biles.


Yeah. I was just thinking that. I'm like, if, if I was JD Vance, And I was his team, like I think the only way to advise him to debate Tim Walls is to just like do your own thing. Talk about your own policies, talk about like why their policies aren't good for people. Like that would be the smart thing. That's the only thing you can do. You can't do that for Trump though, right? You can't do that for Trump. And I think any like being mean to Tim Walls and trying to like poke at him through a whole debate is just that strategy I think will fail spectacularly. It is just so funny now having watched this speech and watched the last few weeks of this campaign that the Republican's initial plan was to make Tim Walls a radical.


It's insane. Liberal. It's insane. So funny. It's so funny. He shot a pheasant on video at the of the convention. Like I know the, the students and the football players Yeah. And everything. It's like, oh yeah, that guy doesn't seem like a radical liberal to anyone who watched that. Alright. Tonight's other headliner, bill Clinton, who delivered a healthy dose of that famous Arkansas Folksiness. Here's a sampling. Two days Ago I turned 78. The oldest man in my family is four generations. And the only personal vanity I want to assert is I'm still younger than Donald Trump. She will break my record as the president who spent the most time at McDonald's, the next time you hear him don't count the lies, count the eyes.


What are they supposed to make to these endless tributes to the late great Hannibal elector? President Obama once gave me the great honor of saying I was the explainer in chief. Folks. I thought and thought about it. And, I. I don't know what to say. Take it from a man who once had the honor to be called in this convention, A man from Hope. We need, we need Kamala Harris, the president of Joy to lead us.


What did you guys think of the explainer in chief? Anyone? Wait, Wait. You know, I think there's some good parts. He was supposed to speak for 12 minutes. He spoke for 25 minutes. Something like that. Is that, was it 25 to land at 25? I Don dunno. It it was double the length. I dunno. Which is, which is pretty standard for Bill Clinton. That That's fine. That's fine. Anybody that pushed Tim Walls outta prime time. I'm not a fan of tonight. That's it. They're on your list. That's it. Hakeem Jeffries too long. Oh Jesus. Yeah. Not speaker the house yet. I think a, I enjoyed the, the breaking my record. The president who spent the most time in McDonald's joke, that was a very Gen X slash mostly Gen X Gen Xer we're close, we get it. But it's mostly Gen XX, Gen X and elder millennial nerds.


I think he has some Political talent. Boomers. Boomers certainly get that. Boomers are still around. He warmed up as he went. Yes. You forgot the boomers. Yes. Yes, for sure. I I think it started a little slow and meandering. I was kind of like, where are we going with this? By the end I thought it got stronger. It did, yeah. Had some Good lines. It was, it was the one speech that like improved the most over the course of the speech. Yeah. The lighter moments were great. Yeah. He did take him a beat to warm up. I think the more rhetorical parts didn't totally, I was like, okay. But then the parts where he was like that kind of old Bill Clinton charm where he is sort of kind of like stepping back and he like, what's going on here? It's actually kind of Obama ass too. Yeah. I worked, I mean there, there's political value in it, right? I mean, there are a lot of people who vote for Trump who also voted for Bill Clinton. Right. And we know there's, and this was true for, it was part of Bill Clinton's superpower.


It's still true. Now, is that a white guy with a southern accent endorsing Kamala Harris helps. And we just know, like from pure numbers she has gained with all parts of the Democratic coalition. The big question is, will she hold, the only way to make the math work that's we're gonna dramatically overperform with black voters or Latino voters is to hold biden's share of white voters, particularly non-college white voters. And that's a group that has voted for Bill Clinton. Bill Clinton has credibility and credence there. And a lot of you hear some of those people talk, it's like they missed the Democratic party of Bill Clinton. And so you, that explains why he was on stage tonight. And that's the sort of the value of that. I also thought he made a, an important point about, 'cause this has been driving me crazy for a long time about that were, he basically said at least that line where don't count the lies.


I was just about to say this. I'm glad you're saying it been driving me crazy too, because Everyone knows Donald Trump's full of shit. They've always known he's full of shit. That's not what is going to defeat him if you have to go beyond that. Right. And just to put a a fine point on this, like it is, it is important to fact check Donald Trump to acknowledge, especially for reporters and journalists to acknowledge that he lost. We Want Daniel Dale to eat. We want Daniel Dale to eat. Right. We want All the fact checkers. we want OCIs. But a super majority of voters believe that Donald Trump is dishonest, but he's not losing by a super majority of voters. Right. Like, so there's like 60% of voters think he's a dishonest person, but he's still like, you know, he's, it's a, it's a pretty close, almost tied race for president.


Right? They think Most politicians are liars. Yeah, Exactly. So they think most politicians are liars and All the energy we expend on, but he's a liar. But we gotta call out the lies. But the headline doesn't call out the lies and the stories doesn't call out the lies. And why don't we call out the lies? And I will say that the, it was a, it was a Biden campaign strategy for a while and around the debate. Now I think part of it was because Biden did so poorly, the debate that they all had to come outta the debate saying like, the only thing they could say is like, well, what about Donald Trump's lies? But then Biden sort of did that too. Like going into this next debate between Kamala Harris, like Donald Trump is gonna lie at this debate. He's gonna lie a ton at this debate that is not pointing out his lies is not what's going to move people. Fact checking him is not what's going to move people. And Bill Clinton told us that actually sending the message that all he cares about is himself, which has been a running theme of a lot of the convention speakers.


Some of the really good ones. Yeah. This whole week. Like that's going to move people. Do you think It was, I like it felt like a little bit of a, at Biden, just like a little, a little, a little rebuke because I, yeah, I think well, but it's not just Biden. It's like, it's like a, the entire sort of liberal ecosystem. The, The Democratic party for seven years now. Eight years. Yeah. We, we've had candidates, we've had elected officials mentioning in television interviews how many pinocchios Donald Trump was awarded by the Washington Post. Like, we gotta get Away from that shit. The number of lies. Whoa. He had 70 lies. Like, yeah, no, I know. He's the fucking liar. We all know that. So as Lovett pointed out, the list of speakers was already very long tonight. But no one complained at the surprise speaker Oprah Winfrey here in her hometown of Chicago.


As always, she had everyone eating out of her hand. Here's a bit of what she said. Soon and very soon we're gonna be teaching our daughters and sons about how this child of an Indian mother and a Jamaican father to idealistic energetic immigrants, how this child grew up to become the 47th president of the United States. And let us choose joy together. Let's all choose Kamala Harris.


I love Oprah. Yeah. I just, you Have to That's great. Yeah. Do you think it's just a, like, again, our age or older, right? Like I, I was wondering too, I'm like, if any younger than us are people like, oh yeah, Oprah, I've heard of her. She's cool. Like it's been a little, I I see her come out. I'm just like, this is a huge deal. Oprah's out here. Everyone loves Oprah. She's given a speech. She's like such a great speaker. She's inspiring. I don't know. What do you guys think? Well, As old as we are, And I know I'm older. A lot of people, most people are older than us. A lot of others. Most voters older than us. Yeah. I mean, she might be ironically cool in TikTok. We don't know. 'cause it's not her al go. But look, listen, I I I'll never forget 2007. It's like Tim Wall saying Cut clip it and clipping clip it and she It.


Yeah. I'll never forget, 2007 Oprah came to Des Moines, Iowa. We did a huge event. It was absolutely bitterly cold freezing day. I think it was snowing outside. We were like, I hope people will come. This should be interesting. Absolutely. Packed the house. She did another one for us in Cedar Rapids. Brought the crowd to their feet. People were going nuts. We collected all this data. Like I, I think that was a huge moment for Obama. But we had Madeline Albright. So, So, you know, both sides had their stars and there was, you know, there was something, there was something novel to that endorsement. I think it was the first time she'd ever really endorsed a candidate and come out and get involved in politics. It was special and unique. But I, I think she is huge cachet if you're 50 and over. Huge cachet.


And I saw Liam Donovan, a Republican strategist on Twitter. He was like, you know, of All the speakers. And he is like, Trump's clearly mad about the Obamas and everything. He's like, but what really probably sticks in his craw is Oprah Winfrey. Because Trump has known Oprah Winfrey for a long time, you know, came of age in a, in the Oprah era and is probably really pissed about that. Yeah. Yeah. I think Oprah is a leader and Oprah is saying, I'm not political, but I'm getting political here. I want you all to do every and, and making a specific plea to undecided voters. I think that carries weight with a lot of people. Also, all politics is attention wars. And you wanna get attention for this convention. You want people to know about it.


Pay attention. And having Oprah is like that is playing your playing an ace right there. Yeah. And I also just thought the way she told the story about the idea that a child of two immigrants would be president of the United States in a time in which the other party is demonizing immigrants in the most offensive and xenophobic ways. It's just such a powerful thing to think about, about the stakes of this election, what it means when she wins So. we used to think about that with Obama, right? Yeah. Like what do it mean for him to do it? What would it mean for her to do it for all of the barriers that she would break? It's like a reason for people who heard Oprah say it. Maybe it's not gonna persuade a ton of people who aren't paying attention to politics, but people who aren't sure they're gonna vote, maybe they'll vote.


People are gonna vote, maybe they'll volunteer. Right? Maybe if they weren't, if they're volunteer, maybe they'll donate now. Right. That like, it's like, it's a very powerful call to arms. Like we still have work deal on our side. Also pivotal group of swing voters, older white women, you know, who loves Oprah. Older white women. Yeah. I mean that that is exactly true. Which the, when you look at the numbers, the big question around the working class white voters is can Kamala Harris exceed biden's numbers with working class white voters? Part of that's abortion 'cause and and she's probably not gonna do it with men And she may lose some with men, right? So you gotta find more voters somewhere. One potential pocket is working class white women. Oprah, incredibly influential with them. They're anti all these abortion bans, right?


They're upset about that's being return. So like that is the, when you, we know that people work on this campaign. We know how they think about the numbers and you sort of go through the choice of Oprah how walls it a speech. You can see how they are getting to their trying to have the messages they get to their vocal. Yeah. I can't think, you know, we just, we watched the whole Republican National Convention. It was this like, you know, victory lap. I can't think of the moments that you would take from that convention to share on social to persuade undecided people. But I can think of five Polk Hogan, probably Young Hulk Hogan, Hulk Hogan, Dana White. Like Those were the moments, those were the celebrity moments. Yes. But in terms of like the, but that was all kind of whatever. Yeah. Like celebrity and showmanship, not an argument.


Like you can see the moments that are coming from these speeches that are gonna go, that are gonna be spread around on social media to reach people who aren't paying attention to this. All right. Lovett, this one's for you. What did you think of the overall program tonight? It is crazy. Like, clearly it was not a plan to, you know, pull the strings to get Joe Biden to be late. Because those same people aren't trying to put Tim Waltz after 11 o'clock Eastern. People are going too long and like they're making it about themselves. They're giving speeches that they want to give, not the most helpful speech possible. And that was an incredible speech by Tim wa it should have happened an hour earlier. And I. It's like very frustrating that that didn't happen. And like, that's it. Yeah.


I, I've been thinking about this because Stephanie Cutter is in charge of the convention. She put together one of the best democratic conventions ever in 2020 in the middle of a pandemic. And Stephanie clearly gets the timing. Of course, And I think the people they've had problems with are the speakers. Absolutely. The speakers who were like, no, you're not cutting my time. Or you're not cutting me from the program. Or you're not doing this. And I again. I also think this, I think like 80 to 90% of this program was put together when Biden was going to be the nominee. And when Kamala Harris became the nominee, they couldn't just turn around and be like, oh, hey, you're gone. You're gone. You're gone. You know? And there's like inter Democrat pop, whatever.


It, it shouldn't be that way. But that's the way it, that's the way it is. And I think they tried to do their best. But yeah, if you're like, again, if you're tomorrow night, like even tonight, you know, like while we should have heard him in primetime for sure. Tomorrow night. If Kamala Harris has to get on that stage by like nine 15, oh We need Nancy Pelosi backstage. There's A giant hook for Kermit the Frog pulling people Off. Don't get, there's no excuse tomorrow. No excuse. Amy Klobuchar went through like the whole fucking geography of the United States of America. Cut it. Hakeem Jeff named every day of the week. Cut it. What, what you gonna do? Throw me outta the side of her car.


Na, he's got, I'm not gonna get in that car. Not after tonight speak. Speaking of gun things. And I'm a fan of her Senator Klobuchar. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. Please don't Not coming by studio. Excellent. Oh yeah. Fucking now I'm alone. They told me I would be out to drive if I did this. They told me before, they warned me. Just me and Bull Bullet R out here. Speaking of killers, I also wanted to mention Nancy Pelosi, our pal, Mindy Kaling, who did a fantastic job, job as Mc. Quite funny, very funny. She introduced Pelosi as Mother of Dragons. Yeah, that's right. Which I loved. So, you know, Pelosi's speech wasn't amazing, but it didn't need to be.


It didn't need to be because every single person in that hall knows what she did in this election. And that she's the, the absolute pinnacle of her power. That said, there was a report in the Washington Post this morning and you know, it was extensive in the post, but it's been everywhere. This has been all over the place. Little bits and pieces. I can't Wait to see where this is Going. And here's the quote. A group of Democrats, including within Biden's orbit and the Democratic National Committee, remain bitterly upset with Pelosi over her public pressure campaign to push Biden out. Some have privately pledged to find ways to diminish Pelosi's influence in the party after the November election. Bold strategy. Good luck with that. Yeah. Have somebody else start your fucking cars.


Whatcha gonna do? Yeah. Change Your E-Trade password. Yeah, man, look, I don't want to keep talking about this 'cause it's like, it's happy we're unified, whatever. But the reason that we had to keep talking about, it's because some people, And I don't. Maybe it's just one or two in the whole orbit. Just keep talking to reporters about how fucking pissed they are in the middle of the Democratic Convention about what Nancy Pelosi did, which was absolutely correct. First Of all, Nancy Pelosi didn't make one phone call except to us. Jesus Christ. It is wild. I just like Don. There's just no, this is not helping anything. It's, it's Helping a elite Threatening the former speaker of the house on background to the Washington Post as some, what are you gonna do?


Diminish her power. You're gonna go pri she's, she's probably not running again. You're gonna go primary here in San Francisco. What are you doing? Yeah. Also, folks who are saying this, you're not gonna have a job in six months. I presumably you're gonna go do something else. What are we talking About? Alright. So Trump has been doing his best, I think to bracket the DNC programming with message events of his own. And boy has he been on message today. He held a rally in North Carolina that was supposed to be about national security. Didn't see that in the headlines. What seemed to be on his mind was All, the not nice things people said about him here at the convention the night before. First and foremost, very predictable. Barack Obama, let's listen. I think her name will be Comrad because I think that's the most accurate name.


You know, I've been looking for a name. People were saying, sir, don't do it. You know, all my names. They've all worked. They've all been very successful. And I really didn't find one with her. It could have been Barack Hussein Obama. Perhaps we should ask him now. He was very nasty last night. I try and be nice to people, you know, but it's a little tough when they get personal. Please again, remember please sir, don't get personal talk about policy. Let me ask you about that. We're gonna do a free poll. Here's the two questions. Should I get personal? Should I not get personal ready? Should I get personal? Should I not get personal?


I don't know if my advisors are fired. I like That. He's great message. I think that Was, I like that, that on one side he has his advisors and then the other side is like the loudest racist contractors in the area who came to the rally. And like These are the two groups of people that are Being weighed against each other. Good, good. I think you should listen to the contractors. It is just so funny that like, oh, you know, I thought about being nice, which is, you know, sort of my style. But I don't know, after last night, I think that the guy who I accused of not being born in America and demanding to see his birth certificate for the better part of a decade. I don't know, I think I'm gonna sort of unload on him.


I mean, he is actually campaigning this week. Yeah. But he was doing like one event every two weeks before and now he was out. He's out every day this week. Boy Did it break Through. It was so funny. 'cause you know, it's been very hard to like, follow the news here. We're running around doing stuff. You can't ever really sit down like look at your phone or your computer. And I. I finally sat down to catch up. And I saw All the tweets. All the clips. And I finally read an article in the seventh paragraph of the article after the insult stuff, the policy stuff. It's like in an event that was supposed to be about national security, it's like, what? Yeah. The one thing that he is doing that is interesting is he's like, he is doing this sort of like Theo v and like reaching out to these, like he's doing smart Interviews, He's doing some smart stuff. Like there are clips going around in that interview where he's like, is like, like the rally Trump.


It's not helping him. Great. He should be doing all that. That's, that's good. That's great. But the, that, that interview he like comes across. He does like, as a kind of like, first of all, he asks another human being a question. Something I've never seen him do in years of watching him. And he like, seems kind of like approachable and, and, and like, like a, like a cool grandpa. It's not Great. Yeah. It reminded me of my FBI background check interview. 'cause when they kept saying, how do you do that one, he kept asking like extensive questions about various drugs. Thato Von was Into, he very, he was very curious about cocaine. He really wanted to hear about cocaine. Yeah. I Haven't seen this yet. But Theo Vaughn is, for those who know, he is a comedian. Comedian. He's sort of in the Joe Rogan universe. He's probably got a huge massive young, massive, massive follower male audience. Massive. And this is where the Trump campaign has been really smart.


They're putting him in these spaces to find these young men. And I. Can't remember if we were talking about this on mic or off mic anymore, but me neither. There's a huge gender split among Gen Z in particular, electorate generally, but Gen ZI think it's emerging even more in the Trump campaign is going after those young men. And very effectively Is In fact, you're gonna hear about that in just a bit because Lovett And I asked Gretchen Whitmer about that. Oh nice. Oh nice. There You go. What'd she say? I'll, I'll, we, we I'll Listen later. I'll Check it out. You know what time? Go to bed. Wake up All the Pod. You just listen to it. Go, go, go. So Mark Caputo at the Bulwark published a piece today, Donald Trump, I hate my opponent. And it starts, Donald Trump has no plans to heed the advice of his aides and limit himself to policy contrast.


When he debates Kamala Harris, he wants to make it personal. Quote, this is just the way I am. I hate my opponent. I hate my opponents Hillary Joe, Kamala, it doesn't matter. I just hate them To another advisor, he said, I'm going to be mean. So this is, oh whoa, well watch out. He just, this is gonna be the debate. Now you don't think that's like a head fake? Do you Just comes out there with like a get well soon card or something? I mean, as we're sitting here at this convention, it, it is wild that the only 90 minutes of self-control that Donald Trump has ever had in his entire life was during that debate with Joe Biden. Yeah. Where he actually managed to, like, he was terrible in what he said, but he did manage to control himself enough to allow Joe Biden to be Exposed.


Yeah. And but you know what, looking back on it, I don't think he exercised any discipline or control. He just wasn't triggered or attacked in any way. Yeah. By Joe Biden. I guess that's true. That's or the moderator. So it didn't make, when he gets, when you make him mad by saying anything to him that is not like you're awesome or, you know, he he'll he'll do his thing. Well, What would, what would some criticism by smart and capable and unafraid black woman do to set Donald Trump off Yes. On a national television Stage That, that will be, I mean, I think in the debate, Trump was just as shocked as the rest of us were by sort of how things were going down. And he sort of says as much it rallies. 'cause he keeps, he keeps joking about how the moderators would be like, Mr. President, you have 82 seconds left in your 92nd answer.


That's sort of like his bit. But yeah, I, Kamala Harris is going to make him flip his shit, But it's been a month now. He still does not. Well his campaign has a message and they are pouring Yeah. Money behind it. He is unwilling to or unable to adopt that message. And the comrade Kamala thing is idiotic. Yeah. It's like what year is this that the, the big threat is communism. And that's his campaign. Not just him too. I think that is them throwing a bone to him to the guy. Yeah. They're probably like, you know what truth social is his safe space. We're gonna let him do what he wants to do there and then we're gonna run the Right. It's not expl explicitly racial or misogynistic. Yeah. So it's a, it's about communism. We'll let him have that one.


Imagine The other things left on the cutting room floor that ended up in Comrade Ka Law. But we'll probably hear that during the debate. Yes. Meanwhile, in less funny news, it was widely reported today that RFK Jr will give a speech on Friday morning announcing that he's dropping out of the race and endorsing Donald Trump. Dan, what do you make of the impact on the race? I think it's pretty hard to say. So right now, if you look at the New York Times polling average in a two-Way race, Kamala Harris has a two point lead. If you, if you include RFK junior in the poll, she also has a two point lead. And so what is happening here is that they are mostly splitting the vote. Right. So it if you, but it's not gonna be the same in every state. Mm. And so the the downside here from a Kamala Harris perspective is some of these voters could go to Trump.


Right. But from what we know of the voters, they are disproportionately black and Latino and therefore are voters that we should have a shout at. Many of them have voted for Democrats before, might have voted for Joe Biden in 2020. And so we're just gonna have to see how it plays out. I what I don't think, Matt, I think him dropping out matters. I do not believe that his endorsement of Trump is going to move his voters to Trump. I Think I agree with. Right, right, right. The question is what, what is the share of voters for RFK Jr that are going to him because they like him, value him care what he has to say versus are just looking for an alternative? Think, I mean, you, you And I, were debating this in the car on the way over 'cause this, we do the Pod off air.


It's unfortunately for our Wi we don't have personal things to talk about. How is your family, I mean, I understand you all have children The most like simplest terms, right? Like people like RFK Junior 'cause he is anti-vax. I think that's where a lot of his energy comes from. So I can imagine that most of his votes would probably go to Trump then. 'cause Trump is the most anti-vax adjacent. The, the counterpoint to that is the lowest of the low information. Voters maybe don't like Kamala or Trump and they see a Kennedy and they think, oh, that's a easy alternative for me. I think that was sort of your perspective. So it might benefit him if you Just, that And I, I was trying to think of the vote. Like I'm thinking about Joe Rogan, right?


Who has, seems like he doesn't like Donald Trump or He has, He has said he's that he is not voted for Donald Trump before. Yes. Right. And he, you know, something we should put qua I endorsed RFK Jr and then sort of walked back. So I just like him, whatever. So RFK Jr dropping out is not making Joe Rogan go to Donald Trump. But what happens? Maybe he doesn't like Kam Harris. Maybe he doesn't vote at all. I don't know. Right. Like So There could be. I'm trying to figure out the voter who was like, you know what, they've seen Donald Trump for the last nine years. They've decided, eh, maybe I'll do RFK Jr RFK Jr drops up. They're like, you know what? If you've already decided that you might leave Trump for RFK Jr, like, do you go back to Donald Trump or do you stay home?


Where do we think Cheryl Hines is in all this? So There was a report that Cheryl Hines is very much against her husband endorsing Donald Trump. I saw that. And I. Just, I, the the seems Like we gotta get Larry David on on, On the case here. I just like how much it is this sort of a strange thing to think that Cheryl Hines is in this moment of, of incredible power over, over the, the democracy. You know, I don't like it. It's just, the thing I think is important to, to just think about here is it is gonna be different in every state because RFK Jr is just a placeholder for people who don't want Biden or just Biden Trump or now Harris or Trump. And that looks different in Michigan than it does in Georgia.


Right? It looks different in Pennsylvania. Does in Georgia. And each place they're gonna sort of profile differently. And I, remember we talked to Liz Smith who was working on this for the DNC on the podcast many months ago. And that was one of the points is that the RFK voter varies by battleground state. The other thing, just from an alarm, a more alarming perspective, is if RFK Jr is not on the ballot, And I assume that if he drops out that the timing on Fridays based on ballot printing deadlines, that he will not be on the ballot. I Don't, I don't like where this is going, But is it you will end up with the only non Harris or Trump alternatives would be Jill Stein, Cornell West. It may be a Chase Oliver.


Chase Oliver, not Gary Oliver. As we learned after the last podcast, chase Oliver, Libertarian candidate Libertarian, but a not a super conservative libertarian candidate like Gary Johnson hurt by some studies hurt Hillary more than Trump in 2016. So There's a number of candidates that could pull from Harris and, and or more likely to pull from Harris than Trump is. That's The issue. Yes. But it's, but it's like how many of the, if a RFK junior voter goes to, If there's a third party voter who is third party, but would lean right, they might go to Trump, but if's a third party voter. They all have an alternative, which is Jill Stein. It doesn't, there's nobody RFK Junior dropping out doesn't mean Kamala Harris voters will go to Jill Stein, but it might mean more of the RFK juniors go to Trump than go to Harris because they have somewhere else to go.


Yes. Third, third Party voter leaves Cleveland at noon and RFK. Did you bring out the whiteboard and some string? Yes. I just wanted, That's the, actually, don't, don't front run the next episode of Rollercoaster. So, Sorry. Well, yeah, we'll continue this in the subscribers only Pod. What I wanna know is if The August 28th RFK junior campaign, sunset Cruise, that includes Alicia Silverstone and Meta World Beast will happen. Either way. Is that real? Wait, Alicia Silverstone is, I just said something so nice about her on, on Terminally online today. Oh really? Because she, because she accidentally ate a poison berry she found on the street. And I thought that that's unfortunate. Why did she need fruit on the street? Well, I don't know. Why is she endorsing RFK Jr. She's an, there's some judgment issues here, but nonetheless, I thought she deserved a bit of a cultural re-analysis based on how she was so mistreated in the nineties.


But now I'm second, second, second guessing myself a Elijah Went home hours ago. Someone else to call him, wake him up and get him to cut that out. Stop the press, Elijah. Okay, I'm gonna end this here. Okay. When we come back, more of today's DNC coverage brought to you by PolicyGenius, starting with our conversation with Harris Campaign communications director Michael Tyler.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there's a lot going on right now. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Oracle. AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested to buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete with costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/psa. That's oracle.com/psa oracle.com/psa.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love meeting cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson And I use maiden cookware, shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


Joining us now is the communications director for the Kamala Harris campaign. Michael. Tyler. Michael, how's this convention treating you? It's Treating me well. I'm not getting quite as much sleep as I would've liked to, but because You're at parties All the time, I wish That's right. I'm looking forward to Thursday night when I can finally go to one of the after parties. Yeah. But it's been a good week. I think the energy, the enthusiasm has been on full display. We're feeling very good about the story that we're telling and the story that we're contrasting against our opponents and Donald Trump and JD Vance. When you guys were planning this convention, obviously over the last month here, how, how were you thinking about the balance between telling the Vice President's story and deepening people's understanding of Trump's agenda or the the negative message? Yeah, I think for us, like we understood that you kind of have to do both.


To be completely honest about it, I think we're clear-eyed about the fact that there's more work that we need to do and have to over index on fully introducing the Vice President and Governor Walls to a wider swath of the American electorate. People were obviously entering this election cycle with President Biden, right as the presumptive democratic nominee. All of that changed over the course of the last month. And so I think you've seen us approach this convention with that new dynamic in mind, understanding that you have more work to do to introduce the vice president, introduce the governor, but also remind folks that the stakes of the election are fundamentally the same. Right? The threat posed by Donald Trump is the exact same. His dangerous and extreme project 2025 agenda is ever clear, ever present as it was before.


And so for us, that's true of not only have we planned this convention, but if you looked at the work that we've done with the Vice president and the governor crisscrossing All, the Battleground states, if you look at our paid media investments to date, right, it is both simultaneously fully introducing the new Democratic ticket, while also constantly reminding voters of the stakes and the choice in this election, Have you been surprised by how Trump has sort of struggled to find a message, some sort of anti Kamala Harris or Tim Wall's message? Or have you enjoyed his inability to do so? Man, that's what I said. And the thing About Donald Trump is his message is remaining the same too. Right? The message has always been personal grievance, right? You know, the message has always been about Donald Trump and what's best for Donald Trump.


Maybe there's more of a magnifying glass on that right now as we sort of hit, you know, prime time of the general election mode. But this fundamentally is a contrast between Vice President Harris and Governor Waltz who were like fighting for the American people. And Donald Trump, who I guess when he does decide to go to a swing state, which is a little more often than it has been, yeah, as of late. But you know, it's usually just Mar-a-Lago or Bedminster. It's all about himself. It's all about his own personal grievance. It's all about lobbying, personal insults. It's all about chaos. It's all about fear, it's all about division. It's all about personal invective. It's nothing about solutions for the American people, right? And so for us, we're gonna allow him to do that when he wants to pop out, right? He can pop out. But the message that you see from Donald Trump is nothing that the American people actually wanna buy.


And so we're excited to continue to press the case and show that contrast not only in high profile moments like this, but for the next 75 days. Last night you guys pulled off something that was pretty tricky, which was to fill up an entire rally arena 90 miles away from Chicago, and then have the convention go live on live television to the vice president. How'd you guys pull that off? Is there any, like any good behind the scenes stuff there? Well, listen, I think what we've wanted to do, right, as we approached Chicago was not just think about this as solely, you know, one television production, right? You want to use this as an opportunity to fully engage, number one, the voters that are gonna decide the pathway to 270 electoral votes.


But also to engage our grassroots base, right? The people who are gonna go do the door knocking, go do the phone banking, talk to their folks on their social networks. And so we've approached this with those two imperatives in in mind. It's why the vice president and the governor before they got to Chicago, went on a bus tour through Western Pennsylvania, making sure that we were talking about their, their values and their vision going into Chicago in a crucial part of a swing state in Pennsylvania. And it's why we decided on day two, the convention, not just to focus on the programming that we've got here in Chicago, but to make sure that we actually took our candidates to a swing state knowing that it was only 90 miles up the road. Right? We have the opportunity to go to Milwaukee, an important city in one of the most crucial swing states, and directly engage with the electorate there.


And what we are excited about is like, yeah, you, I believe the final tell was actually 18,000. Not that Donald Trump would be counting the difference between what he had in Pfizer won't be, there's Something, I really heard something about Donald Trump and crowd size in The last 24 hours here. Yeah. Yeah. I heard 44 referenced that a little bit last night. Yeah. But listen, I think what we are excited about is not just the crowds, right, who show up to these events, but whether it's 18,000 in Pfizer forum or 20,000 in Phoenix a couple of weeks ago, 10,000 down in Atlanta, or even places like Eau Claire, Wisconsin. It's not just the attendance rate, right? It's the volunteer conversion rate. These are people who are coming to our events and then signing up to volunteer. You had 10,000 people in Atlanta, 1500 of 'em signed up to volunteer for this campaign, right? And so those are people who are now going and spreading the gospel in their own neighborhoods, in their own personal networks, making sure that they, that the people in their lives understand why this election is so important and understand why Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are the ones who are gonna have their back.


So we're incredibly excited to have moments like this where we can like not just speak to a wider swath, the electorate, but we can truly engage the people who are gonna do the critical work over the course of the past few, like the last few weeks of this election. Yeah, I saw the 20 million people watched the coverage last night, which is not that he would care, but a lot more than watch the second at the Republican convention as Well. I think they had 14. 14. Yeah. Yeah. We had 20 million on TV alone. I think the other thing that we're proud of as it relates to this convention is the fact that not only do you have the 15,000 credentialed, you know, members of the traditional Press Corps, but we also have for the first time about 200 credential content creators, right? These are people who are walking around the convention hall documenting the, the comings and goings the convention, and then sharing that content with their followers, right?


Generating like millions more impressions. The vice president has actually like sat down and interviewed with a couple of the content creators who were here and we've had, you know, All, the surrogates do so as well. So again, for us, our North Star is making sure that we're actually meeting voters where they are, right. Tapping into people's true media consumption habits. So it's why you have credentialed content creators at the convention. And it's why if you look at our fall media reservations that we just unveiled to begin convention week, if you look at the overall budget, it's $370 million that's gonna grow, of course, but it was about 170 million traditional television. But we're spent laying down 200 million in digital advertising, right? Because, you know, in an electorate that is increasingly millennial, increasingly Gen Z, you're not gonna reach folks with running ads on Jeopardy.


Yeah. You know, every single night you're gonna get a lot of folks, but you're not, not gonna get every single voter who you need to reach 270. So we're constantly thinking about how we break through, reach the voters that are gonna truly decide the pathway that, I mean, you guys, what you guys have done with the content and creator thing is very cool. The way you guys are allocating your advertising, a lot of the flood of online content about the vice president is something that's happening totally organically, right? The coconut memes, the, the brat stuff, the phenomenon, all of that. And you're a communications director. I'm a quasi retired communications director. People like us, we love control and there is no control there. Right? How do you sort of balance the, the memes with the po with the message?


How do you balance the memes and the message, I guess is the way It's saying. Yeah. I mean honestly, you, you, you, you gotta embrace it and accept it, right? Because when the zeitgeist is speaking, they're gonna do a far better job of communicating than anything that we could come up with craft ourselves. Right? I think you just talked about it on our side of the ledger. I think the other example of this, of course, is project 2025 where you saw organic conversations about this popping up on the internet as far back as last fall. Now us as a campaign, we saw that and started speaking to it ourselves, right? So when Donald Trump is out here, paraphrasing amp talking about immigrants poisoning the blood of this country, well then you go look at like project 2025, the architect, but also what's in the plan.


And you see things like mass deportation. You see things like the return of family separation. You see things like the end of birthright citizenship. The campaign can help connect the dots to what people are already organically calling out themselves and, and put a, a stronger magnifying glass on it. But I think to a degree, you have to simply like see what people are tapping into. It's gonna And accept it way Exactly. Exactly. The, I actually was looking at a study on the project 2025 thing this week, and it is shocking the growth and awareness over like an eight month period from basically no one knowing what project 2025 was to everyone. And that is really a credit to the, it's like a, a validation of that. When Democrats want people to know something, we can actually make it happen.


'cause sometimes we have like that defeatist mentality of it. Yeah. Like what you got, what's been going on with the coconut memes and all that. That's, that is like just organic enthusiasm for the vice president. The project 2025 thing is something that a bunch of people decided to make a thing. It relentless Made a thing. It was discipline across the ecosystem. Right. And it was a huge focus on social. Right. Right. Which is really what, because it been, the press to their credit was writing about project 2025. It just wasn't breaking out the bubble. And then people were doing the TikTok, the TikTok explainers about it. It's been, that's what's very cool. Right? And Donald Trump himself knows it now is why. Yes, he does. He's trying to run away from it. Like, bro, is your people written for you by your folks? And you keep talking about exactly what's in it every single day. How's the vice president speech prep going here? Look, I think she's ready to, is It fully locked?


Done? It's never done till it's done. That's right. That's right. Right. It'll, it'll certainly be done by about 10:00 PM Central time tomorrow night, Right? 10:00 PM before that's should be on at 10:00 PM You're making news now. Breaking programming note here. That's right. Right. Yeah. That's great. What do, as we head out of the last question for you, what happens after the convention? Where are you guys going and how are you thinking about debate prep? Because I was looking at the calendar that debate's coming around the corner pretty fast. It is. It is. It is. So listen, I mean obviously I think as we said at the beginning of this conversation, I think in many ways the convention sort of serves as a capstone to this introductory phase of the campaign. I think for us right now, obviously you come off of the convention and the candidates themselves are going to start putting in the sweat equity as they did when the vice president announced the governor as her running mate, right?


They're gonna get back on the stump, go to All, the battleground states, And I think for us as a campaign, it's about making sure that we can tra continue to translate the energy and the enthusiasm that you see here in Chicago into action across the battlegrounds, right? How are you leveraging the candidate travel to further build your organizing infrastructure in the battleground states, right? We've got 300 field offices opened up across All, the Battleground states 1600 staff across the battlegrounds. We're gonna continue to scale that up, make sure that we're taking advantage of the high profile moments that we create. And then of course, looking forward to some of these more high profile moments that you spoke to, right where you've got September 10th, assuming that Donald Trump again keeps his word shows up Yeah. And shows up. We will have the first presidential debate we'll have on in October.


We'll have the first vice presidential debate and then hopefully, assuming again that Donald Trump keeps his word, we'll have another opportunity for the American people to see the choice front and center in prime time at a second presidential debate. So, we want to use all of those to make sure that the split scream is front and center for the American people throughout the totality of the voting period. Right? Early voting begins in late September. So, we are gonna have a moment here coming up very soon after the first debate where we're already in mobilization mode, right? It's gonna be GOTV mode here for about six weeks. And so it's gonna be incumbent upon us to use every tool at our, our disposal starting then to use this in energy, use the enthusiasm, turn it into mobilization action at the ballot box.


So increasingly we're gonna start pivoting our operation to that really that acute GOTV effort. Michael Tyler, thanks so much for joining us. So I know you have a crazy busy week for you. Take a moment, enjoy it. Something special's happening here. I appreciate it. I'm gonna go get some coffee now though. Yeah, go For that. Alright Man, thanks. Alright. When we come back from the break, you'll hear our interview with Big G herself, Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer.


But before we do that, a brand new episode of Assembly Required with Stacey Abrams is out now. This week Stacey recorded live from the DNC floor with the youngest member of Congress, Maxwell Frost and Civic engagement influencer Haley Licking to talk about what matters to the youngest generation of voters and how their generation is working to mobilize their peers. This election, this episode is so good, but it's also just the start of what Assembly required has in store from deep fakes and NIL deals to the rights aggressive war on Books. Stacey is taking on All the big issues to answer. How can we get good done? New episodes, drop Thursdays. Listen to assembly required with Stacey Abrams right now, wherever you get your podcasts, when we come back, Gretchen Whitmer.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love mating cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform, it's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson And I. Use maiden cookware, shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


Welcome to Omaha where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party. Where downtown convention space and hotels are within Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes, Meet five o clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views and our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis and we're in 2027, a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment options. Go to Visit Omaha dot com slash meetings to learn more


L Grima. Mark Hello Kitty. Key chains, teeny beanies for a limited time, your favorite McDonald's collectibles filled with memories and magic are now on collectible cups. Get one of six when you order a collector's meal at McDonald's with your choice of 10 piece McNuggets or a Big Mac, come get your cup while you still can. Butter At participating McDonald's for a limited time while supplies last.


Joining us today, the governor of the great state of Michigan, and author of a new memoir, true Grech Gretchen Whitmer, welcome back to Pod Save America. It's good to be here. This is obviously a very different convention than any of us imagined it would be. I know you're a huge fan of Joe Biden, as are we. How do you feel about him passing the torch to Kamala Harris and how, how are folks in Michigan reacting to the, the new nominee? Well, I'm grateful for so much of what Joe Biden has done for this country. I am also grateful that we are in a spot where we're now talking about a brand new chapter in America. I am proud to be here as a Harris co-chair of the campaign, got my daughters intel with me. I think that this is historic, but most importantly, we've got an opportunity to hire a president who actually has lived a normal life, who cares about people who knows how to get shit done and is a strong leader.


And this is what we need now more than anything. So I'm, I'm really excited, Lovett, I'll go, I'll be, I'm I I knew it was my turn. So when there was a sudden rush of VP speculation, you took yourself out of it pretty quickly. Why'd you do that? I've made a commitment to serve out my term as governor of Michigan. And I really believe I can be a great ally to a Harris whomever administration. Now we know it's Harris Walls administration, which I'm thrilled about. And I'm excited, you know, I I love my job. I've made this commitment over and over again. I know people never believe anything politicians say, but I mean it when I say it. Yeah, It's good.


And Tim Wall, it seems like a real asshole. I mean, my kid said he is like the male version of me, so yes, he is an asshole. What do, what do you think is the most persuasive single argument Kamala Harris can make to the people of Michigan? As someone who has won an incredibly close state on the national level with crushing margins both times? I think it's, she's gonna make a seat of the table for everyone. You know, she and Tim Walls are, are people who've lived normal middle class lives. They understand what Americans are going through, whether it's childcare or healthcare, access to food for kids in schools. I mean, they've got receipts, they've done the work, and they're gonna make sure that every person has a seat at the table.


So even if you are an independent or Republican who doesn't identify as a Trump Republican, there's a seat for you at this table. You don't have to agree with everything in this platform. But if you agree that women should be able to make their own damn choices, come on over. If you agree that we need an economy that, you know, levels the financial barriers to people getting skills to get into good paying jobs, onshoring supply chains, there is a place for you at this table. And that's the the message I think we've gotta take directly to the voters in Michigan and all these swing states. So You're somebody that's won decisively in a state that's now 50 50 in this presidential election. How do you explain that space between voters who proudly voted for you and are right now saying they're undecided?


Well, I think Washington DC's a lot further from people's lives than than Lansing, Michigan is. And as governor, I can point exactly to how the things that we've done have made people's lives better. It's a lot harder to do from the federal government, but I think there's a compelling case to be made. The Biden Harris administration delivered on their work on advanced manufacturing, we are seeing a boom in manufacturing and a lot of it's happening in the state of Michigan. We gotta connect that work to what it means for people's lives. And we're seeing groups like Republicans for Harris coming together. That's important. It's a legitimate invitation for people to come over and be a part of this. So past few elections, Democrats tend to win.


Women voters, Republicans tend to win male voters. Polling now is showing an even bigger gender gap than there's been in the past. and there are signs that the gap is unusually large among Gen Z with younger men potentially drifting away from the Democratic party. I looked at your 2022 results, you basically broke even with men, which is better than most democratic candidates, man or woman. What do you think Kamala Harris and other Democrats can do to get a result like that? Well, it's, it's boring to say, but it is about the fundamentals. You know, as I talked to young voters, we had historic high youth voter turnout in Michigan where they had the best in the country in 2022. We were on campuses, we were engaging with young people.


One of the things that we're trying to do is encourage more young people to produce content, to talk to one another. I'm a lot closer to voters ages than Donald Trump is, right? So maybe I'm a little more persuasive, but a Gen Z person talking to another Gen Z person is powerful in a way that, that my messaging on their behalf isn't. So that's why I think it's, it's really important to stay focused on fundamental rights, L-G-B-T-Q rights, climate change, safe storage, like common sense gun safety laws, which we've gotten done in Michigan and affordable housing. These are the economic issues that young people are worried about that we have delivered on in Michigan. And that a Harris Walls administration I know will stay focused on too.


If we wake up, look, you're doing everything you can to make sure we win Michigan, but it's close. If we wake up and we've lost Michigan, what do you think the reasons are? Like, what are, what are the places where you're worried, there's so much enthusiasm now, which is a great change of pace, but where do you think like we need to be concerned, keeping our eye on the ball? There is a lot of enthusiasm. I mean, I, I do wanna bolster that point. Yeah. we are seeing people calling into our campaign headquarters all across the state saying, how do I volunteer? I mean, it is a, a dramatic shift and, and that's really encouraging. But I know that our voter contact work has got to improve, frankly. And it is something that we've gotta be on the doors. We've gotta be connecting with people. You know, I won Michigan by almost 11 points.


We didn't write off any community. We didn't say, oh, that county looks red on this map, so let's not spend a lot of time there. No, we went in, when you lose by seven points instead of 11 points over and over again in red counties, you drive up your margin in blue counties. That's how you win by 11 points and flip your legislature for the first time in 40 years. That's the kind of work that we are going to do going into this election. And, I think not doing that would be, would be a reason that we might fall short. And that's why I'm not gonna let that happen. Michigan Senator Gary Peters said this week that he thinks Kamala Harris has differences with Joe Biden on Gaza and that she should speak publicly about those differences. What do you think? You know what, I think what Kamala Harris has already done has gone a long way toward acknowledging the pain that so many people are feeling.


The only universal truth in this, in this moment is that our Jewish community, as well as our Arab and Palestinian and Muslim communities, they are not all one in the same. And it's always important to highlight that everyone's hurting right now. Everyone wants the violence to stop, want the hostages returned. I think staying in that space, acknowledging the pain that people are feeling and recommitting to trying to bring a cessation of the violence and return of the hostages and rebuilding the region is gonna be really important. And she's doing that and so is Tim Walls. And so big, big kudos to both of them. I want them to spend a lot more time in Michigan with all of our communities. And I think that they will, And I know that they're resonating in a, in a much more positive way.


I wanna talk about your book True Grech. What really struck me is how candid and conversational it is. You, you swear you tell stories about getting drunk, about getting tattoos. What made you decide to write an interesting but potentially risky book as opposed to just a, a safe politician book? Well, I figured Christy Nom wrote one, why can't I And how many and how many dogs have No animals were harmed in the making of your book And you've done ordered a none More executed. That's good. No goats even were Executed in my books, so Well that's pretty good. No, you know, the question I get the most is how do I stay so positive when everything's so damn heavy? 28 recall attempts you weren't counting, but I sure as heck was, you know, pandemic plot to kidnap and kill me.


Climate events, I mean, it's been crazy six years and still I love my job. I ran for reelection. People are like, why do you wanna keep doing this? And that's what it is. These are 10 things I've learned in my life that I have used over these last six years to get through. And if I give you a laugh at my expense or maybe there's a story of inspiration or just some light reading, I've accomplished my, my goal in this heavy time. Yeah. So There sort of a, like a contradiction here, right? You talk about why you've outperformed other democrats. You talk about getting practical, you talk about policy, but it's obviously more than that. There's a lot of Democrats out there who say like, oh, they've been trying to do the exact same thing, make the exact same case. They don't do as well with people. They don't persuade people. Put policy aside.


What is it that you think Democrats fail to do to communicate with people, to be authentic with people that you seem to be able to do? You know, I, I really think so. One of the things I talk about in the book is the power of listening. It is really important. And I, it might sound like, you know, oh, it's what a lofty wonderful thing. Like, shocker Whitmer. That's a great lesson. Like, who doesn't know this? Most people don't listen very well though. In my first election, I got into all 83 counties. I asked people if I'm lucky enough to get elected, what can I do that'll make your life better? And people said, fix the damn roads. I didn't come up with this. I didn't pull tested. I didn't say, oh, I wanna swear. No, it was just, this is how people talked about it. But it was in a conversation with a woman in the Detroit Children's Hospital.


And I said, you know, I asked her the same question. She's there, her son's in a brace. Like, what can I do that'll make your life better? She said, fix the damn roads. And. I was shocked because I thought we talked about healthcare or childcare or education. She wanted to talk about the roads. And I said, tell me more. And she explained, you know, she was driving from Flint to Detroit, hit a pothole. It busted the rim on her wheel, sidelined her for a whole day, hundreds of bucks out of her pocket. She didn't see her kid in the hospital, paid for childcare for kids that she couldn't spend time with either. And this was like rent, it was childcare, it was time with her kids. So it was like the fundamentals. And if I hadn't asked that follow up question, if I hadn't asked them the first place, I might not know that this is something that's important to everyone.


So you don't just wait for your turn to talk. Is that not how you do This? That is not how you do it. No. Did you catch any of that? That's why you're not running for office. It's novel. I know. How's the speech coming for tomorrow night? You're speaking at the convention. Good. It is. Got every night it gets a little bit shorter though. These people talk too long. What the hell? Everyone is talking way too long. Way, way too long. and there something, they're talking too slow. Everybody is late waiting for All. the applause to die down. People gotta keep moving. This is on television. Agreed man. So time me tomorrow and let me know how I, how I rate, I Want words per minute. I want everybody to pick it up. Pick up, Give, give us a preview. What do you, what do you want to communicate tomorrow night? Well, tomorrow night's obviously about setting the stage for Kamala Harris. Making sure that people know she and Tim Walls have lived normal middle class lives.


They're just like us and that other guy is not. So you'll hear me talk a little bit about that. You, she gets the assignment. Yeah, Let's go. We've been saying that the, the assignment is making sure that people elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh. That's the assignment of the speech. Boom. Great. What should we eat When in Ann Arbor? What should you eat when you're in Ann Arbor? Yeah, I mean, Zingerman's is always, well, you know my fav Zingerman's. All right. I love Lovett. Okay, I Lovett governor for the record. Tim Walls is not an asshole. That was a joke. No, we Know. We knew that. We knew that. That's gonna be, you'll See remains to Be seen of my All, the time favorite people. And I. You could try to walk it back. You could just clean up all you want. We all heard what you said. We just had Gavin knew on. He said the same thing. He's like everyone, politicians and say, oh, this guy's nice.


Real Tim. Tim's real, really nice guy. Governor Gretchen, Whitmer Governor Gretchen Gretchen. Whitmer, thank you so much for coming back on to po Save America of, I've been talking too long for five days in a row. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. That's our show for tonight. But we've got more from the DNC for our Friends of the Pod subscribers. Lovett and Dan did some behind the scenes. And there's a new segment with Reid and Elijah, which I, I'm just gonna let you, you have to subscribe to hear what It's called. Well, I'll just tell you. So I'll just tell you. So I'll just tell you, you might not know this, but, but Reid who helps produce this show is reading every novel by Charles Dickens.


Wow. Before he, before he dies, which is how he describes it. And have you gotten to Bleak House yet? He's finished Bleak House. Yes. He's really has two young children and works his ass off on this show. Yeah, I don't think it's making a lot of progress. Honestly. I think he may not live long enough to finish all these fucking books. If you're, that's gonna be your Regret. If you're a subscriber, these segments should be showing up as the times it was the worst of times to be episode in your pods. Save America Feed. If you aren't a subscriber, hit to cricket.com/friends or sign up through the Apple podcast app. Whoof. Do you guys see that? Mike Lindell argued with a child Here? Yeah. Clip it. Clip it, and send it to your uncle. We'll back in tomorrow with our reaction to the final night.


Thank God of the DNC and Kamala Harris'. Big speech. All Right, boys, get out to sleeping bags. Let's go home. Let's get outta here. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or rans you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo.


Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Keman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv, and David Toles.


When you're feeding 500 people every day, there's no room for error. That's why I love made in cookware. As a chef and a restaurant owner, I'm as meticulous about my cookware as I am about my ingredients. Each pan they make isn't just designed to perform. It's crafted to last. As a mom, I love that I can trust maiden. It's made from the world's finest materials so I can feel good about what I'm feeding my family. I'm Chef Brooke Williamson And I. Use maiden cookware. Shop chef quality pots and pans@maidencookware.com.


Welcome to Omaha where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party. Where downtown convention space and hotels are within Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views and our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis And, where in 2027 a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment options. Go to Visit Omaha dot com slash meetings to learn more.