
Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Today's presenting sponsor is simply Safe Home security. According to FBI data burglaries increase over the summer. Why? Contrary to common belief, most burglaries actually happen not under the cloak of darkness, but in the bright light of the day when homeowners are most likely absent. Enjoy your summer with the peace of mind that only simply safe delivers. You have Simply safe. I Set up a simply safe and really like it. It works really well once you set it up. The app is fantastic, really reliable. Whenever there's an issue, you get a call immediately. You just can rely on it and it was easy to set up and I highly recommend it. Simply save agents. Connect within five seconds of receiving your alarm. That's pretty great. Never locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service in home security. According to Newsweek. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Fabre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Kamala Harris takes the lead in the race for the White House just three weeks after announcing her candidacy. But now she's gotta reintroduce herself to voters in the lead up to the convention while the Trump campaign throws everything they have at her and Tim Walls. And later, our pal Brian Tyler Cohen, is here to talk about his brand new book and play a round of Take Appreciators with me and Lovett But. first, remember Donald Trump, who since the debate on June 27th, he's held only eight campaign rallies and we haven't seen him on the trail all week.


The Washington Post reports that he's quote upset and quote, complaining relentlessly about Kamala Harris's surging poll numbers and massive crowds. He's posting fantasies about Biden crashing the Democratic Convention to take back the nomination. And all of this might be why the old man decided to shuffle out of his beach club on Thursday and yell at the cameras for a while. Here's some highlights from Trump's press conference In history for any country nobody's had crowds like I have. And you know that. And when she gets a thousand people and everybody starts jumping, you know that if I had a thousand, people would say, people would say, that's the end of his campaign. I have hundreds of thousands of people, but she has a thousand people or 1500 people.


And they say, oh, the enthusiasm's back. No, no. The biggest crowd I've ever spoken before was that day. And I'll tell you, it's very hard to find a picture of that crowd. You see the picture of a small number of people relatively going to the capitol, but you never see the picture of the crowd. The biggest crowd I've ever spoken, I've spoken to the biggest crowds, nobody's spoken to, crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin, Luther, King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people. If not, we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people. But when you look at the exact same picture, we actually had more people, I'm not complaining, I'm saying it's a, Comparing his crowd on January 6th to Martin Luther King's I Have, a Dream speech during the march on Washington.


I was driving, I had to go pick up Kyla from basketball camp during that press conference. And I was driving with it, playing in the car, and I almost swerve off the road at Martin Luther King. 'cause I did not see that one coming. I should have, but I didn't. That Was a compilation of all the times. He talked about crowd size. I actually think there were some more. He, he's, first of all the, the press conference lasted over an hour. He continued to bring it back to crowd size in polls. It was a wild press conference. I feel like we say that every time he does a press conference and we're like, this one is really wild. This one, I'm trying to think of what was different about it. He seemed, first of all, he's very angry. He's very frustrated. He does seem upset. Oh, he does.


And so, yeah, I do think that Washington Post story is true about him complaining relentlessly because we all heard him do it. What'd you think? What were your, what were your some of your takes on the press conference? I mean, I, I agree with that. He cannot get over the state of the race. Like he is a lazy, entitled human being. And he thought he was cruising to the White House and now he's not. And he is mad about it because the other thing he kept bringing it back to was how he was definitely not mad about Kamala Harris being the candidate now. He was Definitely no man, I'm mad at all complaining. I'm not complaining. But the Democrats destroyed the Constitution by Joe Biden stepping down. Yeah. I mean, in the, in the, his vehement defense of Joe Biden, who he repeatedly said he did not like, He doesn't like his brain.


He said, I don't like his brain, but I just think, just think about this. He has not done anything all week. He has a rally in the core battleground state of Montana later tonight. Tonight, Right? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. And Thursday Night. Yeah, Whatever. Yeah, Thursday night, the night we are recording this at the night you were listening to this, it's always, it's always tricky for me. And so here he is, he's got the whole press in front of him and he does nothing to advance its message. No message. He doesn Offer no policy. He later today, which you can tell, one of the things his advisors told him to do was to talk about his proposals on taxation of tips and no taxation on Social security. 'cause he's been truthing the hell out of them afterwards. Like to try to clean it up. Just Did He talk about Kamala Harris's record?


Not really, no. Did he talk about Tim Wall's record? Not really. Did he talk about his, any of his plans? Anything he's gonna do? Nope. Not really at all. No. It's just it Did he talk about how the economy was great when he was president? Did he talk about what the economy is now? Did he talk about inflation? He just, he did, he started out the press conference by saying, we are headed toward a depression. It's gonna be worse than 1929 and also a World War and the country is an awful place and everything. Everyone's laughing at us. And then he just sort of went off on a, a tangent that lasted for about an hour about himself and how he's angry with Kamala Harris and himself and his poll numbers and his crowd size and all the rest. Here's what I'd say.


Get out there more, more press conferences, more rallies Every day day. I would, yeah, let's do it every single day. Let's do it Every day. There was some newsy things. He was asked. He was asked whether he would restrict access to Mipr Stone and they really caught him because instead of saying the abortion pill, they said Mipr Stone. And he clearly has no idea what Mipr Stone is, because his response was, you could do things. Absolutely. Those things are pretty open and humane. That's what he said. Would you restrict, would you, would you ask the, would you have the FDA restrict access to miry stone? We could do, you could do things, absolutely. Yeah. He also, someone asked him how he'd be voting on the constitutional amendment in Florida to protect abortion access.


And he said he'd be holding a press conference about that. And he, and he'll have a more liberal answer than you think. Sure. I guess we're holding our breath for that press conference. I'm sure you know when his staff learned about that press conference? During this press conference? Yes. Just then he said he was off the trail. When someone asked him why he wasn't campaigning, he said he was off the trail because the Democratic convention, which is in two weeks. I would just note, I would just note that for a long time, for decades, there was a tradition where you did not campaign during the other person's convention. I think we actually was there. Yeah, there was, we actually broke that. I think Obama was one of the people who tore down that norm. But it is definitely not tradition that you do, you don't campaign for the month before the convention.


Like that's not, that's not how you do this. He once again, questioned Kamala Harris's race. Someone asked him a question about why he did that, why he said that at the NABJ. And he said, whether it's Indian or black, I think it's very disrespectful to both. And then when he was asked about her surging in the polls, he said, well, she's a woman and she represents certain groups of people. That was his response. He did some really in-depth poll analysis of the impact she would have on the race about who would help him with and who to hurt him with. Yeah. He really started going into demographic groups. Like he's on, he was on polar coaster. He's not invited. Do not come up forecast with down Trump. Have we talked about the, the fact that it's, it's clear now he has confused insane asylums for asylum seekers.


Have we talked about that on this podcast? I can't remember. You and I Have not talked about it. Have you talked about it with anyone else on another podcast? I don't, I don't know. I don't, don't think so. Like, I don't know what I say public. What's a text in public or what I say, what's A meeting, what's a podcast at this point? But it, it is, it is clear that the reason he's always talking about other countries dumping out their mental institutions around whenever he's bringing up immigration, it's now clear that it's because he thinks insane. Asylums are like asylum seekers. And he has conflated those two terms. It is much like in 2016 when he tweeted no cuts to Medicaid, what he meant to tweet no cuts to Medicare and need to know the difference. Right. And of course he did propose very cuts to both very large cuts. He, he proposed to basically eliminate Medicaid or completely eliminate the federal guarantee for Medicaid.


Yes. And then also cuts to Medicare. Yes. Yeah. Also, he's really into, he said this when Tim Wells was first selected, he said it again, transgender has become such a big thing and he's really into transgender. He's really into everything transgender. So he doesn't really know. He doesn't, he doesn't know. He doesn't know much about stuff. And so he can sort of skate on the surface of a lot of these wor like he knows the words, he hears the buzz words in the background when he is watching cable and he's watching his favorite shows. So he can say, you know, a couple sentences, but he really can't go beyond that. That's, He has the public affairs knowledge of a regular cable news watcher who does a lot of two screening That it's about Right. So the other newsy thing, he said he's now agreed to the a BC debate on September 10th.


He is that, that debate is now on Kamala Harris afterwards said she's in. So that is happening. We are headed towards a September 10th debate. Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, exciting stuff. He said, he's also agreed, of course to the Fox debate on September 4th, which Kamala Harris has not agreed to because he wants it to take place in a maga thunderdome with like a bunch of, like a huge, a huge audience that are like all his people. And then a new one. He said he, he wants a debate with NBC on September 25th. She said she's open to that one. We're gonna get by that first September 10th debate first to see why, why do you think, why do you think Donald Trump changed his mind?


Because she's surging and he's sagging, right? I mean it's, yeah, A week ago, I mean, just we, you guys talked about this on Tuesday, but last Friday night, he pulled out of all the debates, pulled out the A BC debate, doesn't wanna do it. Seemed like the last thing in the world he wanted do is debate Kamala Harris. But she's on a glide path right now. Right? She was, she gained and then she passed him in the national polling average. All these states are toss ups. He knows she's headed into her convention in two weeks. That is a, that is more momentum for her. And he is gotta do something. She stop it. He cannot just sit on his ass in Mar-a-Lago and win this election. Right. And it's finally come to, he's finally come to that conclusion. And so he wants to do many debates and he seems to be trying to, he wants to, he looked weak.


I think he recognized he also looked weak and scared this past week from not wanting to debate. So he is trying to go back on the on offense here and seem like he's the one pushing for debates. Can't wait. Can't wait. So Would you do more debates if you were her? If I was her? Yeah. Depends on how the first one goes, right? Yeah. Like there, I mean, you know, there's a scenario where she absolutely crushes it in that first debate. And then it's like, why do you do another one? Then there's almost any other scenario, even a scenario where there, where like she wins, but you know, enough people say that maybe he did okay or, and then he starts like pulling even or pulling ahead in September, then maybe you wanna do another debate.


Or if she does poorly then then you probably do want to do another debate. I mean, you, the calculus for Biden to want the debate something that will not, Not to go back. Yeah. Yeah. The history will wonder about for a long time. But the original calculus was we need the elect, the elector to focus on Donald Trump to win. That was Joe Biden's calculus. That's not necessarily, we'll get to this, but that's not necessarily Kamala Harris's calculus. But I do think she's, she's largely undefined, which we'll also get to. But getting on stage and kicking his ass, I think has real value. And doing it multiple times I think probably also has real value. But I think your approach is probably right, you know, you could theoretically agree to too. And then after you kick his ass in the first one say, I don't wanna put Donald through this again.


Like she, like he did about Biden. To me it feels a little bit like the Obama McCain debates in oh eight, which is like, I think that voters, you know, like Obama was ahead, voters still just needed to know that he could do the job that he was ready. And all it took was sort of like one or two debates with McCain and they're like, okay, even though everyone's saying he is this like new inexperienced young guy, he stood up there on stage, he held his own, he knows what he's talking about. He gave as good as he got and like that was it. Yeah. She shouldn't have to do that 'cause she's the vice president of the United States. Like it's basically Yeah. Inter choto. But she, Again, everyone, everyone has the memory of a goldfish now and people don't, and, and the media is fractured so people don't know her as well as they should.


And like with Obama, you're asking people to make history in this case several, in several different ways. And so that the burden is unfairly on Kamala Harris in the way it wouldn't be on a, on a, on a, a white man candidate. Yeah. But it is, I think for, for voters it's probably more of a reassurance. Yeah. And who is she and what is she for then? Can she really kick Donald Trump's ass though for the press and the way it's gonna be covered? People will want to see that she can kick Donald Trump's ass kicking Donald Trump's ass is not about beating Donald Trump. It's demonstrating strength on her behalf. Yes. In election where, and 'cause you also, that is the emperor has no closed moment for Trump. Right? If you're running as a strong man and you get your ass kicked in a debate like that is very hard for you.


And that did not happen in either of the two elections, even though it just, the way it would play out I think is, is different than it would be with Biden or Clinton because of just how those politicians were perceived and how unknown to Kamala Harris is to people. So I think it's a, it's just a very fascinating strategic calculus for them. It's different than it was for Biden in a similar situation. Yeah, For sure. Polling big source of Trump's anger. Kamala Harris is now leading by two points nationally in the 5 38 average you mentioned. That includes a whopping 53 to 47 lead in the latest Marquette poll, which is one of the highest rated polls out there. She's also got a point lead in their Wisconsin poll has seemingly tied it up in Georgia.


Closing the Gap in Arizona. Our friends at Split Ticket also found a one point lead for Harris in the Blue Wall states of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. Their late July poll just a couple weeks ago found Biden trailing Trump by seven in those states. Quite a swing. Seems like a long honeymoon for Harris. Huh? What do you, what do you make of all the polling care to rain on our parade at all? What, what? I know that would Be on brand. That's what I go to you for. Yeah, But you know what, I'm not gonna do that today. I'm not gonna rain anyone's parade. Wow. Oh, Dan's just guaranteeing a win. I'm Not guaranteeing anything. I'm just saying we could, let's just revel in the positivity right now. Yeah. Think of where we were three weeks ago, right? Three weeks ago Donald Trump was cruising for an electoral landslide that would've brought him the house of the Senate.


At the same time the Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada were off the map and no longer competitive for Democrats. Biden was behind in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. The odds of victory were quite long. The, the states of Mi of Minnesota, Virginia and New Mexico and New Jersey were becoming competitive. Here we are now, three weeks later, new, new ticket, toss up race, right? All six states are within the margin of error and, and toss ups. Joe Biden had one path to two 70 if you squint it as hard as you possibly could. Kamala Harris says, as many paths to two 70 as Donald Trump does right now. She has momentum. She is surging. That doesn't mean it's in the bag.


There's a ton of work to do. We have to remember that the country is more democratic than electoral college. So even a two point lead in the popular vote is about the, is about, we probably a tie if, if not a slight deficit in the battleground states. But like we are the Democrats, Kamala Harris, Tim Walls, we are in this in a way that seemed impossible to imagine three weeks ago. So we should, there is a ton of work to do, a ton of work to do to define her, to win this race, to make sure that the voter voters turn out. But you know, to get back, even though she's made huge improvements with young voters, black voters, Latino voters over where we were three weeks ago, there's still work to do to get to the numbers that we had in 2020.


And we probably have to exceed them. 'cause you, if you look deep in the poll, you see some, some bleeding with older white voters. And so we're gonna need more young voters, more black voters, more Latino voters to make up that deficit and win. But like we can act, we can be happy right now. We can be excited and overjoyed at where we are. 'cause it's not anywhere where we thought we would be just three weeks ago. I know. And I think if you look under the top lines of these polls, what has happened, what she's been able to do is essentially consolidate the Biden 2020 vote in a way that Biden could not or was not when he, when he left the race. And so his weakness with younger voters, black voters, Latino voters who had not necessarily said they were voting for Trump, some had, but were flirting with a third party candidates or not voting at all.


It seems like she has consolidated that vote. But of course that still brings you to a 2020 race that was decided by 40,000 votes across three states. Right? So super close and you know, you can hear it in some focus groups too, the sort of Trump Biden voters, the Trump voters from 16 who switched over to Biden in 20. You know, there's still work to do with them. Like you said, there's still work to do, you know, registering and turning out more democratic leaning constituencies and voters and you know, it's gonna be close. And, and, and Trump will still get, you know, never one lesson since 2016 has been like, never underestimate Republican turnout when Donald Trump is on the ballot.


And it, it always breaks records. So that's, that's something that we have to think about in the next couple months. One quick housekeeping note before we move on. It's summertime. It's a beautiful day out there. Or it's 120 degrees, it's probably 120 degrees. Either way, this is your sign to step outside. Take Pod Save America on the go and give your eyeballs a break from the screens podcasts. You can listen to them anywhere. Why not take us to the beach? Take us to the cookout. If you know anyone with a boat, take us on a boat. Republicans of monopolized boat culture for far too long at sea or on land. Our goal at Pod Save America is to break down the news and have open, honest, and hard conversations to make sure you have the real information you need to vote for, the future you want and help others. Do the same.


Head to Apple podcast or your preferred podcast platform now to make sure you're subscribed. And please take 20 seconds to share your favorite episode of Pod Save America with five of your friends. And that's it. That's all we got.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day when your schedule is packed with kids' activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there's a lot going on right now. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


Pod Save America is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online with Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine. A next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagined drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. With Squarespace email campaigns, you can drive sales and engage your audience easily. Collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus, use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. We love Squarespace here. It's huge fans. You know, it's just, you don't need to be a a an engineer or, or, or no code to, to to start a website. Squarespace learn to code you learn to code yes right outta the box. Not me, I don't know what box it is, but right outta the box. Squarespace helps you design a website. It's very easy, very easy. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Po Save America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple article's. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. Their dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus they won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Article's, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


We are recording this exactly two weeks before the vice president delivers her acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. The next 14 days or a window for the Harris Walls campaign to frame the race and define the candidates on their terms. A new blueprint poll found that voters are more responsive to informative Pro Harris. Messaging that focuses on her biography record as a prosecutor and commitment to economic populism and immigration reform. They are less persuaded by anti-Trump messages because 71% of all voters say their minds are already made up about Trump. And there's nothing you can do to change their mind. Whether they're against or for, obviously Harris goes after Trump pretty hard in her stump speech right now, but especially this week she's been leaning into a more positive message here she is accepting the UAW endorsement in Detroit today.


We want to recognize the right all people have to freedom and liberty to make choices, especially those that are about heart and home and not have their government telling them what to do. Our campaign is about saying we trust the people. Right? We are a nation of people who believe Yeah, that's right. In those ideals that were foundational to what made us so special as a nation. And we know we are a work in progress. We haven't yet quite reached all of those ideals, but we will die trying 'cause we love our country and we believe in who we are.


That's right. And that's what our campaign is about. We love our country love, we believe in our country, we believe in each other. So how would you balance the anti-Trump pro Kamala message if you were the Harris campaign? There has been a, a theory all along that if this election is about Donald Trump, Donald Trump will lose. That was certainly the theory when Biden was the Democratic nominee. Do you toss that theory aside and say she needs to define herself, she needs to define her agenda and she needs to tell people what the Democratic Party is for?


Or do you do some kind of a mix? What, what, what do you think? It's a little bit of a mix. I do. You do have to throw the previous model aside because we have been analyzing this race in the context of an election that was the present versus the recent past. And now it is the past versus the future. And that's a very different, and Kamala Harris is the vice president to the incumbent president, but she does not represent the status quo in the way that Biden did. She represents change from, change from Biden, change from Trump, change from the sort of grinding politics we've been in since Trump came down the escalator 10 years ago. It is a different, more hopeful future. And so the way to do it, I think is to, she has to educate people about herself like that.


All the polling, all the focus groups, the public stuff, the private stuff, all shows the same thing. The single most important thing is to educate people about her biography, her positions and her values. She has high name id people know almost nothing about her. And the persuadable voters know less than everyone else. And so you have to do that. And that's why you, that's what the ads that the campaign and the smart people run the super pacs have on the air right now. It's all bio stuff. Now in your sub speech, you gotta, you gotta a crowd of people who hate Donald Trump there. Right? You gotta give him some stuff and so you gotta do it contrast, right? I think the a great her best riff is the prosecutor perpetrator one. 'cause it's her bio against him, right?


Yeah. And against what he stands for and who he is. And so all of the testing I have seen this cycle shows that the mo, the best ads are contrast ads. Now for Kamala Harris, you have this urgency that you need every, every second of that 62nd ad to educate people about her because no, no nominee has ever been this, this seems crazy for the vice president of the United States, but this less known at this point in the race. Yeah, right. Everyone else has been through a year primary, right? They've campaigned in, you know, 40 or 50 states or they're the incumbent president. She just for most people popped up on their screen two and a half weeks ago. And now she is the nominee with 88 days or 87 days, whatever it's to go.


And so you have to do a lot on her bio and who she is and what she stands for. And there's a way to, to do that where you're not just like reading your Wikipedia page, but you're tying, you take every aspects of your bio, and this is in this great ad, they have up target Latino voters that talks about her position on immigration as someone who is a children of immigrants. And so like it's that way, like use your bio to to as the reason why you have certain policy positions and then use Donald Trump's bio to be why he has certain policy positions, right? It's sort of, it's not exactly Scranton versus Mar-a-Lago or whatever that sort of frame was. But but the, it's kind of in that realm. Yeah. And I think, I think that the prosecutor versus convicted felon riff was like very useful at the beginning of the campaign to show fight to take on Donald Trump as she was still sort of consolidating the Democratic party.


I would imagine that as she goes forward, and she's already doing this, that sort of morphs into using the elements of her bio that show her as a fighter who can take on powerful corporate interests on behalf of people and Trump's only form self. And so, you know, an element of her bio that's particularly effective when she talks about it is, you know, she was attorney general for the fifth largest economy in the world in California and took on the big banks on behalf of homeowners. And when she was vice president with Joe Biden, she took on pharmaceutical companies to bring down the cost of insulin. And so I think she'll be introducing herself on those terms. And you know, you, we heard her do this in the clip that we just listened to.


They are gonna try to other her, right? And they are do, they're doing it to her and Tim Wells, right? Like she is not like us. She is, whether it's, whether it's Donald Trump implying that she's, you know, she's a phony. She's is she biracial? Is she just changing who she is? Right. Not pronouncing her name correctly, not, not spelling her name correctly. Right. This is what, this is what they did to Barack Obama too. So they're gonna try to other her and say that she's not like us. She's not like your typical American. And she can get up there as she just did in that clip and talk about how much she loves this country. And you know, she and Tim Walls said this at the event where she introduced him and announced him a couple of middle class kids.


She's from Oakland, he's from Nebraska and she's the middle class daughter of immigrants who has lived the American dream and now she's gonna fight to make sure every single person in this country can live the American dream too. And you contrast that with Donald Trump who's had everything fucking handed to him and only cares about himself. It's a great contrast. It's a Great contrast. The republican MAGA version of the American story is like you fell off the, the Mayflower and you just arrived in Plymouth Rock. And, but the true American story that everyone knows 'cause that's everyone's family is at some point your parents, your grandparents or great grandparents or immigrants from somewhere and telling that story, it like, I mean that's Republicans look to sc at Obama's version of his story, right?


With a single mom and a father who wasn't from this country. And they like, that's not the American story, but that, that rings true to everyone. And her story is truly is a quintessential American story. And so there's a way of telling it that, that informs your values, that inform your policies going forward. Yeah, for sure. How would you spend these two weeks leading up to her convention speech and what do you, what do you think the goals of the convention itself should be? So for the next, at least the next week, right, the week of the convention, it makes sense to sort of do some stuff a little bit lower key so that your, your convention's getting the attention right, because Tim Wallace is gonna speak one night. President Obama I assume will speak one night.


President Biden will speak one night. Like you want that to drive your message. But next week normally you would sort of just like glide into the convention just doing your stump speech. And I think, I think going with Tim Wallace and introducing herself and giving us the same version, a version of her stump in each of these battleground states is the right choice. This is our first time in most of these states and certainly our first time at Tim Wallace. So do that, but you gotta continue to be on offense. So you're gonna have to like start, we're now at the point in the race starting next week where you gotta mix in a new hit on Trump every day and Yeah. You know, I would think about doing some policy rollouts next week. I know that sounds crazy, but because her convention speech needs to be so much about introducing her, I worry about a convention speech that's introducing her, but also laying out her vision for the future.


We're gonna get into like some sort of, you know, horrendous version of a state of the union, right? That's not what you want. You want it to be tight, you want it to be good, you want it to be powerful. Honestly, that was our oh eight convention speech right up until like two days before and we just kept cutting and cutting and cutting and it just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger with policy. Yeah. And it, you have to, there's a lot of business to get done in any convention speech and her specifically, No one cares about the policy part of it. Right. And so if you, so they care About, they care about it in terms of who you're gonna fight for. You wanna know what, who, who she's gonna fight for and what she's gonna do for them. And I think if she has a, like a real tight section on lowering costs, affordability, what she plans to do, like that's gonna take care of it. Right. But what you, you give yourself, she's in the position where by the time Barack Obama gave the speech, he'd given 700 economic policy speeches on the campaign trail.


Yeah. So you could reference it here she has given no economic policy speeches as a presidential candidate. So if you, I'm not saying I know the speech writers, I like the speechwriter personally too much. It suggest a major economic policy speech weeks before the convention. I'm not saying that, but just do, but just I would, I would do that to you. I would not do that to them. But just like you can just, you can put it in a, you can just insert it into a speech in Michigan next week. Right. Just like one proposal here, one proposal there. Even just like, I think she even said this at one point, like on day one I'm going to appoint someone to go after price gouging. Right? There are some things you can do like that that are just easy that you can then reference in the speech. The main thing here is she has succeeded by being on offense the whole time.


And you can already see the press. Not that the press matters that much, but it still matters. Some is going to get bored with this quickly and they're gonna start putting pressure on her. I'd also, she did this today, she took questions, the press is already freaking out. She hasn't talked to them enough. And so she took a few questions today before leaving Detroit, I think do that, a couple do that all week, just a couple a year, a couple there. Of course one of the questions was, why aren't you taking more questions from us? Why aren't you doing an interview? Yes. And she did say, I knew that would get you, but she said, I talked to my team, we're gonna schedule an interview by the end of this month, like a sit down thing. So she, she, which was, But I would even, I just like, just the, the thing we'll always hear is let the air outta the balloon slowly.


Right. So that when then when you do, like I do some local TV interviews next week, right? Yeah, I know, I know the Washington press won't count those but they kind of, they have to pretend like they count, right? Yeah. And just so what you don't Want, you can't shit all over the local media. I Would just take that you want that out of the way before the convention speech. So you can roll out of the convention speech and I don't know what they have planned, whether it's like a bus tour or a boat tour or what, just like a barnstorming tour where you can just really build all that momentum for a few days without the press screaming at you every time you turn around, why won't you talk to us? So just like take care of that business now so that you can maximize the convention moment going forward. I hope it's a boat tour and just go through Great Lakes did just Run. Yeah. Did who did the boat tour? Tour Did do Do I did not do a boat boat tour. No. Did John Kerry do a boat tour?


Either John Kerry did a boat tour or Barack Obama did a boat tour. I think it was John Kerry. Yeah, John John Kerry did like a sea of shining sea tour after the convention. 'cause it was in Boston. So he went right across the country. He Went all the way to Oregon I think like he was fucking Lewis and Clark, I dunno. Didn't work. We didn't get dysentery on the Oregon Trail. Harris's new running mate. Tim Walls is also an race to define himself before the Trump campaign can do it for him. Their senior advisor, Chris Avita, was the person who led the swift boat attack against John Kerry's military service way back in 2004. God, 20 years ago Whoof. And now he's doing the same thing to walls.


JD Vance kicked off the attack this week by accusing walls of lying about his rank in the military, his surface and leaving the National Guard before his unit was deployed to Iraq. One other Trump campaign line of attack on walls has blown up in their face after a, b, c unearthed the recording of Trump praising walls for his response to the George Floyd protests. Let's listen. I know Governor Walls is on the phone and, and we spoke and I fully agree with the way he handled it the last couple of days. I asked him to do that and the whole world was laughing. Two days, three days later I spoke to the governor, the governor's I think on the call that he, he's an excellent guy.


These dummies, they're like, from the moment walls gets picked, they're telegraphing like, oh, his handling of the George Floyd protests in Minneapolis. This is gonna be the main line of attack we're gonna get him. Because he didn't send the National Guard out, you know, with they wanted it one afternoon and he sent it out the next morning and that was gonna be the whole thing. And then they get Donald Trump being like, great job. We love you. Excellent guy. I'm sure he just loves Tim Walls 'cause his last name is Walls. I never real did you ever, I never really thought that that line of attack was gonna be that salient only because I, I feel like as, as again, we all have the memory of goldfish now and that's gotten worse over the years. I feel like talking about something that happened in 2020 in one city in the country feels like it has limited limited effectiveness.


The Only thing it does is that it gives like maga Republicans who go on tv something to say because there's really nothing else to say about Tim Walls. Right. He is incredibly successful, incredibly likable. Oh no, no. He had the, he had the audacity to have tampons in, in school bathrooms. That's that that went rocket. Rocket it around the metasphere pretty quickly. They're Very upset. They think they, they they, they wanna call him tampon Tim. And they think that that's gonna be, that's it. He's, he's done. I mean I I would stipulate one that almost any time spent focusing on Tim Walls is probably a win for us because it's not, I was gonna say this whole thing of like, why, why are you going this hard at the, I mean I, you know, we're we've done our share of JD Vance attacking.


Yeah. But I do think that there's, again, there's limited value in that as well. Well, I mean we, I think we've been pretty open that that's mostly catharsis. Like it's a, it's a music like we deserve that. Right? Like Yeah. You don't see the Harris campaign spending all their time on JD Vance. You're right. Right. I mean you have to, the JD Vance part that was useful was his connections to project 2025. Like that was a helpful, that drove a larger narrative about Trump. Yeah. The things about Tim Waltz's handling of something in Minnesota four years ago is not, does not drive any sort of message about Kamala Harris. And once again, the guy is a veteran gun owning football coach from rural Minnesota. Like, you're not gonna make him into some sort of radical, like this is not, that is not feasible.


Well what are your thoughts on the, on the attempt to Swift vote him of attacking his military record? I mean it's disgusting and despicable and totally unsurprising from Trump and the people running his campaign and it's complete and total bullshit. Yeah, right. He filed paperwork for Congress a month before there were even rumors that his unit could be deployed. He announced for Congress a month before his unit got orders. There's no evidence that he ran for Congress to avoid going to Iraq. There it is. Complete bullshit. He served 24 years in the guard. You only had to serve 20 to get retirement. He served 24 years. He was also deployed during the war in Afghanistan operation and during freedom, he was stationed in Italy at the time in an ad. He was talking about assault weapons bans.


And he was saying, I've, I've carried weapons of war in a war. And so they were attacking him on that. But you know, as the campaign said, he has carried, fired and trained others to use weapons of war innumerable times. And he was stationed in Italy doing security missions during operation and during Freedom, which was the war in Afghanistan. So it's like, what, what are we talking about? Yeah. This is, it is just absolutely ridiculous. Like it's, it's, it's totally absurd. The, I think the stuff like pe people are gonna hear this 'cause these are the kind of things that will rocket around the internet. Like in your text exchange with your uncle, you're gonna get the tampon thing and you're gonna get this the veteran thing. And so the things that we just laid out here are the talking points to respond to that.


Once again, attacking Tim Wall's service record and attacking his gubernatorial record for one period of time that Donald Trump praised four years ago is not a particularly constructive use of time from the Trump's campaign. But if you want win the argument with your mag uncle, these are the points you need. Yeah. And also there's a guy who served with him in his unit who's a Republican and said, doesn't like his politics, not gonna vote for Kamala Harris and Tim. Well, but he is like, he was a fantastic soldier, loved serving with him. And of course he did not leave the guard to avoid Iraq. He left the guard so he could run for Congress. The other argument here is that he has inflated his rank because yes, in he serve, he rose to the rank of command Sergeant Major, but he did not retire with that rank.


'cause you have to serve for three years of that rank to retire with it. Or he retired at a lower rank. and there have been a couple of times in pieces of paper, including one from the Harris campaign that said retired ass as opposed to rose two. But like we are, that's It. That's the whole, that's the whole Of controversy is a, it is a semantic argument that is absolutely absurd. And it's just the fact that we're having this conversation, I know speaks to how, what an amazing pic Tim Walls is. 'cause this is the best they have. Right. And it's also, well it's also a sign that they are flailing right now and they are so much desperate. Like you said, they think that the press might be a little bored. The honeymoon has gone on too long, she's gotten a lot of good press. So like they, they see an opening to just latch onto something, which I think, by the way, you know, they might've had some traction had Donald Trump not gone out today and for an hour just fucking had a a a a breakdown on national television.


Yes. Because now once again, he made himself the story. So we're gonna deal with that for another, another news cycle. And then we got next week and then we got the convention. So yeah, it's, they are, they are running outta time. But obviously lots of work to do for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls and the whole campaign and all of us, when we come back, we will talk to our friend Brian Tyler Cohen about his new book, Shameless Republicans Deliberate Dysfunction and the Battle to Preserve Democracy


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter friends. We live in a time where we just expect things to happen fast. The internet procures answers to any question instantly. You can touch an app and a car will pick you up within minutes and you can order literally anything and have it delivered the next day. So here's a question of the things that are still slow. What else do we wish could happen fast? Hmm hmm. The DMV, you'd cruise right through the line. Yeah, that's pretty great. That'd be nice. Love that. Certain trials where, you know, the defendant is guilty as hell would happen right away. Ys what, what, what? Whoa, what summary? That's a terrible idea. Oh my gosh, that's a terrible idea. Oh, summary judgment. Here's one bumper to bumper traffic. Oh boy. What? We're obsolete. Yeah, I'll take that. That's great. Hey, that's a good one. Exercise, fitness. You start to see results immediately now we're talking. Yeah. Well if you're a business owner, you know, it takes a lot of time to build your business and hire for it. But with ZipRecruiter the hiring part is much faster. We've used ZipRecruiter here at Crooked for many years now. It's fantastic. Helps you sort through resumes. Huge fan, great technology. See for yourself right now. You can try a ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. Once again, that ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere, follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts,


The best things in life, they come in, twos two scoops of ice cream, two tacos, and now for a limited time, get our best deal of the year. Buy any phone when you switch to consumer cellular and get two months of service free. That's right. The same fast, reliable, nationwide coverage as big wireless now with two months free proof. The best things in life relief do come in twos visit consumer cellular.com or call 1-888-FREEDOM second and third month of monthly base service fee. Wait for new customers with the purchase of a phone and activation By September 2nd, 2024, taxes, fees, and third party charges will apply. See website for additional details.


Joining me now are good pal. Brian Tyler Cohen, YouTuber, podcaster, and now author. His book, Shameless Republicans, deliberate Dysfunction in the Battle to Preserve. Democracy comes out on August 13th. You can pre-order it now wherever books are sold. Brian, welcome. Thank you so much. Look at this. Look at this book. I Lovett I love the cover you got, we got Abe Lincoln here, we've got the Lincoln Memorial, but he is his hand on his face. Cowering, Cowering and shame. He is embarrassed. Shame. Well, let me just say first off, it's, it's awesome to be here and a big part of why I do what I do is because of what you guys do. You are a huge part of my, my media diet and a huge inspiration for me.


So to be here is really exciting. Oh, and I I appreciate It. That's too nice of you. That's how you get Back at you, man. That's how you get good questions in the interview. Let's Go. Yeah. You know me, it's, it's gonna be some, it's gonna be tough. Be some hard hitting shit here. So as someone who just wrote a book with the help of three other people and still complained the whole time, why'd you do it? Why'd you do this to yourself? I, I guess I just have like, I I I just wanted my life to be as miserable as humanly possible. Here's the thing. This was written between the hours of 10:00 PM and 3:00 AM every night in the aftermath of what all of the Work. Where do you, when do you sleep? What are you doing? There's very little sleep and thank God I don't have kids, just have a chihuahua who's fine with me sitting there and writing all day.


But yeah, a lot of it, a lot of it happened. It's, it's an impossible news cycle to find free time in. It's not like we're done at at 6:00 PM Yeah. What made you want to write the book? You obviously like have this huge platform where you can say whatever you'd like all the time. Like what made you wanna put a book together? Yeah, I think it's important to reach different people where they are. I mean, so much of, of what you guys do at Crooked in terms of your strategy is, is not just podcasting, but, but branching out into books yourself and, and YouTube as well. So it's important to reach people where they are. It's also just personally, it has been a dream of mine for my entire life to actually publish a book. I was an English major in college. Yeah, there you go. So the book is like the, the, the, the top of the mountain here.


So a a big theme of your book is the lessons that Democrats can learn from operating in this sort of unbalanced political landscape where Republicans are constantly lying, spreading misinformation, tough field for Democrats to play on. What's your take on how Democrats can sort of balance the field? I think the most important thing is not to confer all of our, all, all the legitimacy onto the mainstream media as if they're advocating for us. I mean, they are, they are so not on our team that they bend over backwards to, to show deference to Republicans. I mean there were I think something like 69 Hillary's email stories in the lead up to the 2016 Yeah. Election. And so like, these are, these are people who are not only not on our team, but they're, they're broadcasting that they're not on our team.


And yet we have, we have independent progressive media like Crooked Media like what I do. And like so many others in this space who are showing that, that we are willing and able to, to pick up the mantle for where the media is dropping the ball. And we have to be able to be able to combat what the right has done. Yeah, I mean, from the days of Rush Limbaugh all the way to today with Fox News and OAN and Newsmax and Daily Wire and just the, the vast ecosystem of of the right. We, we have to be able to push back and by relying solely or or only legitimizing mainstream media sources, we're not gonna get there. Yeah. I don't even think that they should be on our team because they're like, look, it's their, their job is to report the news.


Their job is not to help Democrats win elections. And I mean, one of the reasons we started Crook Media was not even like a frustration with the mainstream media, but just like a, you know, people are getting their information from different sources. People have like strong opinions about politics and if you have strong opinions about politics, like, you know, decades ago you would like join your local democratic committee. Right. But now people get their information on their phones and it's good to have sort of a community to go to. Is that how you think of, of your, your YouTube Stuff? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, we we're so lucky right now to be able to reach people instantly to get instant feedback and to have an actual connection with people.


And I can see what, what resonates by, by the way, as a content creator, I can see what resonates with people, what messages are working, what messengers are working. I can see who my audience wants to hear from. I can see who my audience is deathly bored from hearing from. And I won't name any names, but there are people out there in the Democratic party, and, and we have, we have that advantage, especially from a persuasion perspective, that we need to know, like what works and what doesn't work. And having like the internet at, at our fingertips and having those analytics at our fingertips helps us do exactly that. What messages have been working lately? Well, right now I think it, it's been great to watch the whole weirdness narrative set in because for so long it's, it's kind of been, it's kind of been bizarre that we haven't been able to land on that.


And, and it is so weird, and it seems so obvious in retrospect now, yeah. That these people are so obsessed with everybody else's lives that they're trying to insert themselves between a woman and her doctor, insert themselves between where Americans can travel, insert themselves between what Americans can read and what they get. I mean, the whole thing is just so weird. And like now that we finally landed on it, and because we have a growing progressive media ecosystem and these campaigns are strong, that message is able to actually resonate. Whereas before the left wing media ecosystem kind of just felt like scattershot a, a attempts at, at trying to make something stick. And it never really did. And it always felt like Republicans went into the morning meeting every day, and they came out with, with their talking points, and they were always so organized.


And to finally see the tables be turned, and it's actually the left that's better organized while the Republicans are disassembling and figuring out whether they're gonna hammer away at Trump's message of killer windmills or hammer away at Trump's message of imaginary cannibals or hammer away shark at sharks, or whatever it is. The sharks has been, has been great to see. We've all been coconut pills here. We've all been walls peeled. We've taken all the pills. How are you feeling about the election now, now that, now that we are in this just crazy, crazy moment where three weeks ago we had an entirely different democratic nominee, entirely different democratic ticket. It, It feels so weird to feel hope like as a Democrat.


Yeah. The last like, decade hope has been, has been so fleeting. And you know, you find what moments you can few and far in between, but look, obviously we have to be vigilant as we head toward November, but I think at the same time, we can kind of enjoy the moment that we're in. And I, I think that it couldn't be going better right now, which as a Democrat is a very foreign concept. Knock on All the wood, Knock on all the wood. A very foreign concept to me. But, but it could not be going better than it is right now. And the fact that Trump is, is falling apart to the extent that he is right now, has, has been a testament to that. I think. And even with, with this debate stuff has put it especially into particular focus because Donald Trump's whole shtick thus far has been that he's, that he's a strong man, right?


That he's tough. And he's not particularly adept at policy or foreign, like domestic policy, foreign policy. He's not a good speaker. He's, he's not good at governing, he's not good at managing people. But what he had was, was the, the, the toughness, the strong man vibes. And when he refused to debate Kamala Harris on September 10th for a b, c news, and the Harris campaign leaned in on this, and that kind of enveloped the narrative for days and days and days. It, it, it showed that she took away the last thing that he had left, and what he was left looking like was just deflated and defeated and weak. And I know that you guys talk about this a lot, and this is especially, you know, Dan Pfeiffer's focus here with, with message box and whatnot.


But like, our job is not to, to to always point out that Trump is trying to be a strong man because that actually plays into his hands. It's that in fact he's weak. And this was the first time that was really, really put on full display to the extent that the entire country was able to see it. Yeah. And he doesn't love being mocked either, as most strong men do not. Before we go, one, one of my favorite anecdotes comes near the end of the book. It's about how you convinced your mother, who never had any interest in politics and believed the entire system was corrupt to vote for the first time in 60 years during the 2020 election. Not only that, she voted for Joe Biden and Democrats down ballot. What advice would you give listeners who wanna encourage someone in their life who might be cynical about politics or skeptical about politics to go out there and vote?


So, the story I like to tell is actually about Wisconsin and Wisconsin's, oftentimes the tipping point state in, in 2020. The difference between a Biden win and a Trump win was two votes per precinct. Yeah. That's it. And so if you're looking for a proof point that, that we have agency here, it's that all it would've taken for Donald Trump to win Wisconsin in 2020. The tipping point state would be flipping two people per precinct. And everybody has somebody in their lives who doesn't vote. When I asked my sister, I think it was in 2018, when, when there was the gubernatorial race, if she was voting for governor, her response was, what's a governor? And if somebody in my family can like, can be at that position, yeah.


Then I know that there are people listening and watching who have those people in their lives too. So, look, I'm not asking everybody to do everything, but, but we are asking everybody to do something. And in that case, you know, it's just a matter of finding one or two people in your lives who wouldn't otherwise be able to part, you know, wouldn't, wouldn't think that it was worth it, that it would have any impact to, to participate in this election and, and, and make those people your responsibility. You wanna stick around for a, a, a game of take appreciator. Let's do it. I think we're doing the, the blind ranking test. Let's do it. We're gonna be right back with Lovett to play a game. And we're back. Hi.


Hi. I'm, I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm, I'm here because we're gonna play a game. Yeah, we are. Here's it. So welcome. So welcome to Blind take rankings. Here's how it works. I'm gonna read you five takes pretty Shameless takes if you ask me. Oh, See what the, see what you did there. Brian And John, you must rank these takes from least egregious to most egregious. So five is the least egregious, one is the most egregious. Here's the catch. You must rank the takes as they come and you don't know what's coming next. So try not to use that number one spot too early. Alright, are you ready? Let's do it. Alright, So ready Take number one. And here it is. Tim Walls is an M-S-N-B-C anchor's idea of a folksy politician who can appeal to middle America.


Quite a take about a man who tricked us into believing he wasn't a coastal elite by being born in Nebraska and grazing a family, coaching a team, and serving the country in Minnesota. Just playing that long game. You know? Yeah. What what makes this even more egregious is I think it was written by a writer for the National Review. Oh, Yeah, yeah. Rich Lowry is just Real. They both know the take. They know The take. Know that, where that's, I mean, come on. Well, it's, but Elijah's like, oh, that's an easy one. You can tell. Well, it's, it's not about, it's not about guess the take. It's about ranking the take. I know it sometimes we just like to show off our knowledge. I know. And It's impressive. It's Impressive. I'm gonna Say four. Wow. I think we're agreement four. It's, it's not that. It's, it's, it's kind of a lazy, it's kind of a reach, it's kind of a lazy Also, and I'm stealing this from someone else, but you know, who's, who's msm Ms.


N BBC's idea of No. What, how, what was that Again? An M-S-N-B-C anchors idea of a folksy politician who can appeal to medical America. He's gonna say JD Vance. JD Vance. Yeah. Someone, someone put a picture of JD Vance up, which I thought, Right. Alright, take number two. The best thing that can happen for long-term supporters of the Democratic Party is for this election to be a massive loss for the party. That's the only way the party will reform itself. Consider how the party shut down competition in the primary misled the public about the health of the President, chose its nominee without a democratic process, and ultimately today selected its vp. When something is totally and fundamentally broken, the best thing to do is to start over. We won't see a reboot of the party unless it takes a massive loss in this election. That is Such poor concern.


Trolling. Yeah. It's just not, I'm like giving that a, I would say I would say three for that one. I'm giving it A five because I feel like they've, they, they did such a poor job of trying to have a really It is. I like to piss you off with a take. Like, I, it doesn't even piss me off. It's just stupid. I would agree with that. I think, I think this is something that, that Trump is trying to shoehorn into the narrative that Republicans are trying to shoehorn into the narrative. F first of all, to like undermine the whole coup narrative. It's like, well you think we did a coup, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a coup. I know, But it's also like we we're good. We're fine. It's them who are, it's them who are mad about Everything. That's, that's why they're so mad. They're mad that they're mad that we're so happy. You know, They're that're see us happy. They hate to see us happen. They don't wanna see us in a array. They don't wanna see us in array.


So we're, I needed an agreement here. Three or five? I'd say. I'd say five. You wanna do five? Okay. It's five. That's five. We're saying five. We're saying five. That was Bill Ackman. Remember he spoke at the, he spoke at the Republican National Convention. I've known that. I might might've bumped enough to a three. Next up, this is a headline. Here it is. Democrats could regret calling Trump and his supporters Weird. Could regret it. Could come to regret it. I'll read you a passage from the op-ed. I don't know what is sufficient for Harris to win, but I sure know what is necessary. A message that is dignity affirming for working class Americans. Not dignity destroying. Oh, This is a campaign that descends into name calling.


No one beats Trump in that arena. 2, 2, 2. I agree with that. That Is getting a two, it's, It's, these are one of these takes that's that's comes in a vacuum. Like they've ne they, they haven't been around or awake for the last eight years and all of a sudden it's, it's the Hillary Clinton or it's everything. Michelle Obama's the parables. It's the Michelle Obama when they go low. Yeah. Yes. Well, Dignity affirming much like JD Vance and Donald Trump. Right. The whole tack was that they are, they're, they're out there using their voice for workers. Was it, was that what it was? I think it was more that we know it's sort of, I think of more of a they go low situation and that comes from Thomas Friedman.


Thomas Friedman. That's Right. Thomas From Thomas Friedman. Of course it does. Tough take. Of course it does. Tough take heard that one in an Uber. It's it's also like, it's Just in Jakarta. It's also, it was in, It's also just like the kind of thing where it's like, you know, that thing that seems to be making Republicans insane while delighting every Democrat from Joe Manchin a OCI don't think it's working. Alright. Also, also like they're gonna regret calling them weird. What's, what skeletons are in our closet that haven't come out yet that would make all of a sudden Kamala Harris and Tim Wall seem weird relative to someone like JD Vance and Donald Trump. Also, We may lose this election if we do. I'm not gonna go back and be like, it was the, it was weird.


It Was the weird thing. Yeah. That we shouldn't have done that. No, No. It was not picking Josh Shapiro. Kidding. Just getting everybody that you know, you know where my head at saying, you know where my head's at. Next up. This is short. This is a short one. Again, just a take, not a headline. It's in response to the walls. Pick the quote is no Jews allowed at the top of the Democratic Party. This Is quite A take. What do we have left? We have one and three I think. Right? One and three. I think it's one and three. Yeah. Okay. We have one and three. I feel like it's gotta be three. Yeah, I, I would agree with that also. Like no Jews inside the Democratic Party. I think Chuck Schumer even quote tweeted that when Chuck Schumer Sure did. Is is dunking on you? He's a good dunk.


Yeah, he, Chuck Schumer saw that bagel fell right of his mouth. I can say that That's allowed also he saw that it's, he saw that it was like, we gotta get tweeted before Doug Emh. Yeah. Does at first. Yeah. You got, because There's a little, a little ri a little friendly rivalry there, who's the which, And if it wasn't sat, He's really at the top of the Party. And it wasn't Saturday. Josh Shapiro could have been out it too. 'cause he's, I guess, no, not top, he's not top of the party. Doug. It's remember when there was that article Second gentleman versus Senate majority leader To, to your dismay. Yeah. Chuck probably wins that one, but yeah, no, For sure, for sure. Well, there was that, there, there was that article. Yeah, there was a profile. There was a profile that called of Doug that, Although, you know what, Doug's moving up. I was Well, if Doug's first gentleman, first Gentleman, First gentleman versus Senate Majority leader.


Yeah. It's, you know, it's, you know, it's got the, got the president's ear, you know, it's a powerful, powerful job. Edith Wilson round the country, much like Jill is doing today. Jesus. What? It's over Next day, You and Christy Jackson still fighting the wars. If, if Wall's just kidding everybody. If Walls is running against Obama, he'd totally do a birth certificate joke. At no time in living memory has there been any such thing as going lower than Democrats are willing to go? It's not possible. Wait, wait. So what This Is about the, this is the Couch. The joke Can't go lower than that.


That is the lowest. That is the bottom. But I'm so glad we saved one. Yeah, I'm so glad I feel so good about This. But you said, you said the birth certificate thing, right? That was, that was part of it. Yes. So the example that they use is literally example that, that they use like, And is worse. And, and That's a good point. That's a good point. Philosophically saying Democrats could not go lower than this. It is equivalent of the things Republicans do. That's such a good point. Here's, Here's what's driving me. I have not talked about this yet. Like the, oh, the, the couch joke complaints. If Tim Walls had got up there and, and, and was given a re and said something about a couch and be like, you heard about the couch, right? You heard about JD Vance and the couch, JD Vance's fucked the couch. Oh yeah. Or even like insinuated that he did. That would be one thing. I'd still think it was a funny, but like we could at least have that debate.


He just, he just, he, he said a word that was like a signal to a certain group of very online people. Us with the couch and like, that's it. The fact, fact That they got so mad is also telling on themselves. But He didn't, he didn't spread the disinformation. Right. He just nodded to a joke that's out There. And it was smart because if you didn't know the joke, it would still work. It just sounds like Hes lazy. Well that's I'm saying, if you didn't know that he was not spreading any kind of misinformation or disinformation, because if you hadn't heard it, you would've had no fucking idea what he was talking about. And it still makes sense. You're just saying, oh, sense the guy must be on his couch hanging out. I'm just, and I think the reason it drove them so crazy is because if somebody doesn't understand it and hasn't heard it to explain it, you sound unhinged and you, And you have to, Like, someone made up, someone made up a story about the JD v's.


Fucking a couch. So he said, he talked about him getting up off a couch. I think the reason that, that it hurts so much. Are You upset? Are you upset yet that get you angry? The reason it hurts so much too is yes, it's, it's not, it's not true, but like, the fact that so many people believed it could be is a pretty poor reflection on JD Vance. But it's like, yeah, of course Democrats shouldn't also spread disinformation. Right? Like, everyone's like, whoa, now you think you No, we shouldn't. That's not what he did. That's not what he did. Yeah, I mean, Look, the fact that JD Vance was born in Canada is not even something we've been bringing up. No, no. We've been very, we've been, we'll let them fight that out. You know? Yeah. That's their, we're not gonna, that's their business. I don't know. I don't know that first Fact. Maybe Trump will, maybe Trump will drop him from the ticket when he finds out.


Yeah. Don't, don't say that too much. Don't actually want it to happen. Well, let's, let's do a, a, let's, so that's it. Did anybody, did any of the many people in this room keep track of the rankings? Anybody did A single person in your I got, I see four laptops. Did anybody type out the order? I think I remember. I think I remember. Okay. Number one, the worst. No, We start with five. Okay. Well, I'm just trying to go with my fucking memory. The fifth. The fifth was your first. You said folksy. No, no, no. That was, no you didn't. No. Okay. In fifth you said the concern trolling was fifth Tim Walls being a folksy politician in the minds of an M-S-N-B-C anchor was fourth, fourth.


Democrats could regret calling Trump and his supporter was weird. That's Two. That was two No Jews allowed at the top of the Democratic party. Three, three. And number one, nice job Number one, Democrats can never sink lower than this couch illusion. It's the Democratic equivalent of a joke Republicans constantly make. And that's gonna be number one. I'm totally fine with that list. That's exactly what I Would've done. That's a good list. Hey everyone go by. Shameless Shameless, Brian's book, please go buy the book. You can get it anywhere. Books are sold. Anywhere. Books sold. Get your books online. That's right. Or in real life. August 13th. August 13th is out, is available for pre-order now. Alright. Help our buddy Brian out. Thanks for, thanks for coming by Lovett.


Thanks for that fantastic game. What A delight. Thanks to, thanks to, thanks to Elijah on the ones and twos. Everyone have a great weekend. We'll see you next week. Thanks everybody. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod. Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo.


Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Kiefer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. When you use Angi for your home project, you know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started at Angi dot com.