
Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all. Like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city's sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown Arcade. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Today's presenting sponsor is simply Save Home Security with Back to School around the corner my family's day-to-Day routines will be changing. Thankfully, SimpliSafe not only protects your home, but can also help run your household. SimpliSafe allows you to assign your kids their own smart lock pins. So You know when they let themselves in. What a great idea We love SimpliSafe. Jon Lovett set one up himself. Didn't take long at all. Protected his home protected pundit. Great technology. Kept them safe for years. It's great with fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection. SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to help stop them in their tracks. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service in home security according to Newsweek. Easy to install in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome. To Pod. Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. Welcome back Tommy. Thank you guys. Slow week. Last week it was This Walls guy. You know. I like it. It's, I'm just kidding. I, You were, again, I think to myself, imagine if today was the day that Lovett came back from Survivor. It would've been so funny. There were so many months. There's a New ticket. Like how long was that? That, how long was that gone? Is that Guy Joe Biden Like the end Of, does it look like Joe Biden Like the end of like the end of Planet of the Apes? Yeah. So was this earth. It was earth all along. And the funniest thing we could have done is been like, what are you talking about, man? It was always Harriss. She's always been leading. No. On today's show, Donald Trump's meltdown continues as his campaign scrambles to blunt Kamala Harris' rise in the polls.


The vice president starts to lay out her own policy agenda and a trove of leaked project 2025 training videos paint an even scarier and yes, weirder picture than you might imagine. No safe word in those videos. No safe word. But first the Trump train is off the tracks, guys. It's off the tracks. Last week we had a Washington Post story about how Trump's been upset and complaining about his campaign. Now, Maggie Haberman and Jonathan Swan have kicked things up a notch with an absolutely delightful piece in the New York Times. Headlined inside the worst three weeks of Donald Trump's 2024 campaign. People close to Trump say that he's in a terrible mood and has taken to calling Harris a bitch and telling donors that Democrats aren't calling him weird.


Only JD Vance. He, they're, he's not wrong about, about that. I'm not weird. He's the one who's weird per usual. Trump's latest breakdown has also been quite public. He spent the week calling the polls fake and accusing the Harris campaign of using AI to generate photos of their massive crowds. And then he really unburdened himself during his only campaign event of the week in Montana. Let's listen. You Know. He wanted to debate. If we didn't have a debate, he'd still be there. Can you imagine if we didn't have a debate? Why the hell did I debate Him? Kamala is grossly incompetent and in my opinion, has a very low iq. But we'll find out about her IQ during the debate. Okay, let's find out about her iq.


I think suburban women like me a lot You know it's fake stuff. Why wouldn't they? Why wouldn't they? They got this woman maggot Hagerman. Did you ever hear of it? Maggot Haggerman. She's a reporter. If Comrade Waltz and Comrade Harris win this November, the people cheering will be the pink haired Marxists. The looters, the perverts, the flag burners, Hamas supporters, drug dealers, gun grabbers, and human traffickers. No, we're not. We're we're very solid people. We're not weird. We're very solid. I I wanted to cut it that way too, because I like that.


In between Colin Kamala Harris, low IQ and referring to Maggie Haberman as Maggot Haggerman, he said, I don't know why suburban women don't like me and they love me. That was an hour and 40 minute speech, I believe in my hour. 40. Yeah. What did you guys think? Same Trump as ever? Or does he seem a little more office his game than usual? Well, this is You know. He it's sort of, yes. You know. This is Trump. This is Trump. When things aren't going well. Mm. He is angry. He is frustrated. He obviously has no one to blame, Undisciplined all over the place But himself. So it is just I mean. Well, you guys have never gone through a bad breakup. you know what I mean? He didn't want it to go this way.


He wanted to stick it out, get some couples therapy. But Joe had You know he had other plans. It Is very funny that he just keeps talking about Joe Biden. He's obsessed, obsessed with him. Not to even to attack Joe Biden, but to be so sad that Joe Biden has left the race. And he just, truth, I think before we came in here, he's like, Joe Biden admitted that was the pressure campaign from the Democrats that forced him out of the race. It's Like, well, yeah. Yeah. Right. That was the whole thing. Read the paper. Whatcha talking About? Yeah. It's like he goes in it All. He admitted it all started with the debate. Well, yeah. Obviously he Watch the debate because We did. Were you there? It's like, it's like, like he fell down pole vaulting and he is like, oh, it was the wind. It was this. Oh, He caught his dick on the, are we talking about that?


Yeah, we can talk about that again. Sure. But it is like also like, Is everyone No context needed. I was gonna Say keep going. Yeah. But like, oh, this is of course what Trump would say in his hour and 40 minute speech in Montana, which is not a state in which he has any threat. Clearly. An event they planned weeks ago. Yeah. When he was beating Joe Biden and thought to themselves like, we'll help the Senate candidate there beat tester. Yeah. Because he wanted You know. He wanted to make sure he had a Republican senate. Well, You made this point before I went on resident when he was in Minnesota doing an event. I was like, well clearly this was like pre shakeup scheduling. Obviously they're gonna adjust and start going to smarter places. Like no, you have to fly Over virtually every swing state that he has to win, get to Montana from.


It's not like he's from New York or Florida. It's Not like he's still in the White House. Where it actually is tricky to reschedule stuff because you have all the To rally. Yeah. It's just a, he's just a private citizen with the He planes not campaigning. He's not campaigning. Well, not, not his plane, not His point. And that's right now is apparently it's Jeffrey Epstein's plane, Which Is I mean if we were Republicans, this is all we would talk about from now until election day. He's on Jeff Epstein's plane. Come on. Not the first time, right? Huh? That's right. Yeah. He's like, oh, You know. No, you gotta jiggle the handle when you flush. Okay. Because he's been on it. Right, right. Because he knows the plane. Yeah, he Knows. Right. But he is also, he's out there, he's talking about Joe Biden. He was like attacking Joe Rogan last week. 'cause he thought Joe Rogan endorsed RFK Jr.


And then Joe Rogan's, like I just said, I liked RFK Jr. He did this whole thing. He's just going in every different direction at this point. Mag Haggerman Mag. Yeah. What, So, By the way, a story that that only exists probably because he called her, he calls a hundred Percent. Yeah. He called her for this. I, I texted Maggie to say, is, is Mag Haberman new? And she said, no, unless you think February of 2022 is new. so I guess we'd miss this. Well, mag would know. She would, She's a the best source on this subject Actually. She would know that. No. I guess he called her very angry. And Jonathan Swan, because he's been telling the story about how he was in a helicopter crash with Willie Brown. No, You know. It was in just another black elected official Yep. From California. Yep.


Not even San Francisco. Yep. That's right. That's right. It's just fully racist and very racist. Mad at them for, for correcting that so and other He's Doing great. The other part of the story was he claimed that Willie Brown was saying bad things on this helicopter while it almost crashed about Kamala Harris. What are the odds turned out? Zero. Do I have a story for you that I haven't been telling? Yeah. What'd you guys make of the time story from, from Maggie and Jonathan. Anything, any other nuggets in there you wanna talk about? I do appreciate just, he is so angry and so self, self-destructive that he had an aide send angry texts to Miriam Adelson criticizing what that super Pac is doing on his behalf, Saying it's run by rhinos Saying it's run by rhinos.


And it's like You know. It's like, Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. I know you Got the, that's That's just, that's just somebody doing that for you as a favor, my friend. Right. Sheldon Addison's widow, who I think the story said the PAC was spending $18 million that week on ads on in support of Donald Trump. Yeah. And he sent an angry text also. The, the whole story is basically this dinner with donors. Yes. And it was clearly a source. Bill Ackman was there, or pal Bill Ackman. For those who don't know about Bill Ackman, he's an insufferable arrogant hedge fund prick who decided to endorse Donald Trump the day of the assassination attempt. 'cause what people needed to hear that day was whether Bill Ackman endorsed. 'cause it was that he's that self-important and this guy, he, he's one of these rich guys who was like, just wants a tax cut, just wants deregulation.


Just convinced himself that Donald Trump has changed and he can make this about policy. And they sit down at this asshole rich guy table and Trump just starts ranting about Stop the steal. Yeah. And he also, and someone was like, what are you gonna do to turn the narrative around and, and, and like lay out your positive vision? And I guess he then he just like attacked Kamala Harris for a couple minutes and at the end said, I am who I am. And Then he also, he also told the donors that the Democrats have tried to kill him. So he's doing the whole, the JD Vance line. That the assassination attempt was somehow related to Democrats, even though there's been no evidence At all. I don't even remember at all. Was there an assassination attempt? There was an assassination attempt, yeah. Wow. And and he is, he wants everyone to be clear that it has not made him nicer like that. Yeah. He keeps saying that Not made him nicer.


He wants people to understand that. Also private poll in Ohio that has him under 50% in Ohio. That's that's real by the way. I've heard it's, it was Bernie Moreno's campaign. Oh, Interesting. Winning against she brown. Yeah. Oh, I like That a lot. I know. Okay. I mean, who knows? No, this is getting too good. It's Getting, yeah, I was gonna say, but also By the way, it doesn't also just like he's under 50, it doesn't say Kamala Harris is winning in Ohio. I'm sure she's not. That he's not over 50. Yeah. No, it's, if anything, it's just feels good for she, it's pretty obvious that Trump hasn't settled on a message about Harris. The campaign seems to be lurching between three different and potentially contradictory attacks. Radical San Francisco liberal, four more years of Biden's failed policies. Sure. And a flip-flopping fake who can't be trusted time story made it sound like they're going with flip-flopper and Trump accused Harris of that in a truth social post this morning where he promised that with him, there will be quote, no flipping, no flipping with me.


But then hours later he made his triumphant return to Twitter to post a video titled Meet San Francisco Radical Kamala Harris. Why do you guys think they can't seem to land on a message here? And which one worries you the most? I do think like two of the three just don't land that hard with Kamala Harris that like, it's, it's just, I I get wanting to like, trying to paint her as a radical when she's out there calling herself a prosecutor every day and standing next to Tim Waltz, which is just like normal personified, I think doesn't land as well. Also like this idea of painting her as like a candidate of like the administration in the past, I think is just not landing as well because she feels so exciting and new in part because her campaign is only three weeks old.


so I think that's why you kind of end up landing almost by process of elimination on fake flip flopper You know. Do you guys think the radical liberal and flip flopper chameleon or mutually exclusive in this context? I I think I'll combine them. I think you can combine them because I think what they're trying to say is she's fake and phony in trying to present herself now as more moderate and mainstream. Yes. And the truth about her is that she's a crazy liberal lunatic. So apparently the one of the super pacs just announced that they're going to spend a hundred million dollars in the swing states, a hundred million dollars ad buy based on the theme. People will elect a liberal, but not a lunatic. Now again, this gets back to your point, which is like painting her as a lunatic when everyone is seeing her every day now in the campaign trail and she's just sounding like joyful and reasonable and, and, and moderate sounding like a mainstream.


Yeah. Hopeful, optimistic. Just like a mainstream Democrat. Like it's just, it's a hard one to do. But I understand it is, it is process of elimination. She's gonna try to say, look at all the lefty stuff. She in California, look at these 2020 primary positions. Now she's trying to walk away from 'em. And then you make it a character and a policy attack, which I actually think like the best attacks are a combination like that. I I think most voters actually don't really care if you flip flop on positions. If you end up in the right place, you're better off. It's Just about flip to say that. 'cause the, the challenge for John Kerry in 2004 was he was flipping flopping and then flipping back to the, to the old positions like in, within the same campaign Right. On the Iraq war, which was the most salient issue of the entire election.


Exactly. If all she has done is said, like, yeah, there were some positions I took in the 20 19, 20 20 primaries. And then, by the way, I just had four years of working with Joe Biden closely in the White House where we got a lot of bipartisan accomplishments done. We got a lot of sort of mainstream accomplishments done. Here's what we did. I think that that's her best defense on that. And her tenure as vice president makes it difficult to Yeah. Paint her as this radical liberal. I I I just think back to, to the 2020 primary and, and why we're seeing such a better version of Kamala Harris now. And it, and like you look at those moments that the Republicans are elevating and yes, she's taking left positions that she's now disavowed, but you can also see that she's uncomfortable doing it and doesn't seem like many Of them were, many Of them were.


But so like You know about Looking around before they raised their hand Yeah. Looking around for they raise their hand or like, should, should people be able to vote while they're in prison? While that's a conversation, need To have people legally illegally crossing the border traffic ticket. Yes. Good. No, but they, Yeah, the should the, should the Boston Marathon bombers be able to vote in prison? When was a moment you could see it was just like, ah, I've never been asked this. I don't know. And, and, and not thinking what do I think, but more like what, what is the, where, where am I trying to situate myself right now? And so I, I do think like she just seems more comfortable being this version of herself. That's why I just don't think these attacks land. The other challenge with doing the, oh, she's just a continuation of Biden's failed policies on, and I think they will zero in on immigration and inflation is their criticism of Biden and his policies wasn't never based in ideology.


It wasn't like Biden's a crazy liberal and that's why inflation's bad or the border's a mess. It's that Biden's weak and old. Yes. So because that was their criticism. It's hard now to say, well, we have immigration issues and, and, and cost of living issues because they were too liberal. Right. Like, it's just a hard thing to do. They've, it, they actually did plan their whole campaign around Biden being old and thus weak. There Was a subtext though that was like Biden is so old and out of it that actually Kamala is in charge in the radical left green New Deal ghost of whatever, like a OC is running the show. That, but that was a bit of a subtext thing that they never really pushed hard. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny that like even John Kerry, right?


That like, there was, that You know, he had this moment where he said, I actually voted for the $87 billion before I voted against it. And like tough line, tough line. But the attack on him as a flip-flopper really did work with the kind of senatorial version of him that we got. And it kind of fit with like a, an impression of him that he had created and that Republicans were spending a lot of money to create over a long period of time. Like they just don't have time right now. Well also to like create the framework to define Kamala Harris as fake or phony so that future moments can be fit into that frame. The other senatorial thing about it was John Kerry spent most of that campaign trying to say, no, no, I've been consistent. Which is what happens when you're a senator with a longer, I've seen Biden do this. I've seen other people who've been in the Senate a long time.


Instead of which he should say when it happens at the debate or in an interview is just like, ah, changed my mind. You know I've had or had, I've had experience over the last four years that about governing and the entire country and not just California about You know, like, 'cause it got to him and, and I just, this version I like, there's a kind of toughness to the way Kamel has been campaigning that I just, she's not gonna let them get to her. Yeah. What do you guys make of Trump's return to Twitter? I mean, it's gotta be some sort of quid pro quo with the Elon Musk interview. Right? Obviously I I think You know, I'm sure there's some Trump aids who have been very glad over the last couple years that Trump isn't tweeting out to 88 million people. His every thought that said, there's others who are probably thinking, oh my God, 88 million people following this guy and we're not using this tool in the middle of a campaign.


Right. I mean to, to me the most interesting part of This is what it means for truth social in the, the Trump media and technology group because that is trading on the Nasdaq, it's a publicly traded stock. The last May they announced a quarterly revenue of $770,000 in losses of $328 million. So this is a company that has no actual value. It's not trading on fundamentals. It's a way too bribe him. He owns 60% of the company. And I assumed that like he was staying on truth social as like a fig leaf to pretend that there was some sort of veneer of value to the DJ T stock. But I guess sounds like the report, their Trump campaign is telling reporters that he's on Twitter for good now. Well, here's my right, right now Trump is not on Twitter.


The Trump campaign is on Twitter. Yeah. You you True social. Still getting the good stuff. Right? It's getting the pure uncut Trump crazy. Your Las are these People Twitter stepped on you Want you, you want the ideal version of this is you keep Trump in his little sandbox ranting and raving on truth social and that they can use the Trump account on Twitter to post on message stuff. I don't know. He's Gonna send one, he's gonna get Mentions. That's the question. It's literally just like, how do they, how does he get access to Twitter? Because he can't post, he writes them down or or dictates them to make it To Cino or Whatever. Yeah. To to whoever's in in earshot To whoever. Whoever's been texting Miriam Delson. Yeah.


Right, right. Now send, send this one. Oh, no, no, no. I meant that as a post. Not a


Pod of America is brought to you by Bombas sweater. Weather is officially over and sweaty. Weather has officially begun. That's why we're breaking out Our bombas made with premium extra long staple cotton bombas socks are the key to feeling light on your feet. All summer long breezy dress socks will support your arches on the dance floor at your friend's wedding, while compression socks will help prevent achiness on your flight to Europe and long days sightseeing. And for all you runners hikers and pickle ballers, bombas, athletic socks are engineered to wick sweat so you stay blister free and dry in the heat. Bombas truly has you covered this summer. And the best thing about Bombas is that for every comfy item you buy, they donate an equally comfy clothing item to someone who really needs it. We love Bombas. We've had 'em in our house for a while. I got pairs. Emily's got a pair. Teddy and Charlie both have pairs, they're really cute socks get nice designs on them, great colors, or you can just have 'em plain. Then they're super, super comfy. Ready to get comfy and give back. Head over to bombas.com/crooked and use code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/crooked. And use code crooked at checkout.


Positive America is brought to you by Americans United for separation of church and state clean water, fresh air, our health, electricity, we tend to take for granted the things that matter most like the separation of church and state For more than 75 years, Americans United has been on the front lies defending your freedom to live and believe as you choose so long as you don't harm others. But that right is not a given. Every day, it seems like Christian nationalists are hatching new plots to force us all to live by their narrow beliefs. Yeah. It's called Project 2025. This is, this is heavily featured in there, backed by a billion dollar shadow network. This vocal minority is pushing their anti-democratic agenda everywhere. But here's the thing, you can make a difference. Join Americans United for Separation of Church and State in our growing movement because church state separation protects everyone. Learn more and get involved at au.org/crooked. That's au.org/crooked.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for More details.


So the Trump campaign has assigned furniture enthusiast JD Vance, to play the role of attack dog, which is often the case with a running mate. The only issue here is that Vance has arguably generated the worst headlines of either candidate on both tickets over the last several weeks, which might be why he tried for a reset this last weekend by appearing on all the Sunday shows. Let's hear, let's hear how he did. Nick Fuentes, of course, he's an avowed white supremacist. He said, what kind of a man marry somebody named Usha? Clearly he doesn't value his racial identity. His heritage I mean this is racist garbage. Yes it is. But This is also a guy that dined with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago during this campaign. Well, and Donald Trump doesn't know anything about, and frankly doesn't care for Trump, still hasn't given a full throated denouncement of this guy who is said that terrible stuff.


But he said I mean he's a white supremacist. Look, I think he's, he, president Trump has issued plenty of condemnations on this. The one thing that I like, but not Fuentes hasn't the, the one thing I like about Donald Trump, John is that he actually will talk to anybody. But just because you talk to somebody doesn't mean you endorse their views. And look, I mean Donald Trump spent a lot of quality time with my wife. Every time he sees her, he gives her a hug, tells her she's beautiful, and jokes around with her a little bit. I'm not at all worried about Donald Trump. Yeah, you should be pal. That's weird. Like Quality time. I just, I guess what he was trying to say there is I don't think Donald Trump endorses Nick Fuentes is horribly racist, disgusting views of my wife because Donald Trump is nice to my wife.


And he only had dinner with Nick Fuentes because he didn't know who he was, or he did know who he was, but doesn't agree with, he still talks to people. He doesn't agree with great stuff. Great explanations. Really nailed it. I saw some people say that they thought that Vance did, did better in these interviews than recent. It's better than a bunch of Couch sex meetings. Right? I mean. Yeah. I mean better than the worst rollout of a VP candidate in our lifetimes. I, Sarah Palin. Oh no. That was a good Rollout sale her but Roll Was crushing it. Actually crushing it. Actually a great rollout. It got worse later. Then Katie Cur got involved. Katie, Kurt. Yeah, Katie cur The gotcha question of read anything lately, but literally the whole read Save the country, save the country. Reading anything lately, fucking change the trajectory of history. But, but I, I watched the whole Margaret Brennan face the Nation one and I actually thought it was like a good interview and it was a good interview for Vance given how bad he's been.


I was trying to watch it like, what if I hadn't been seeing three to four weeks of just God forsaken coverage that made this guy seem terrible. And you see some of the strengths you would've brought to the ticket, like would've Yeah, absolutely. But like he talks about like sort of populous economic issues on child tax credit, on antitrust, on, on a few other policy things. You also see why like he is this sort of intellectual kind of defender of maga and how that might have been something that could have been useful to them or that they thought was an advantage. But then you just, he's so offput even when he is at his best. And you think, what were the strengths that JD Vance brought to this ticket? And if would they have?


And you just don't think they would've chosen him if they thought they had to play it safe because he doesn't balance Trump out in terms of his personality. JD Vance is just as much of an asshole, but less charisma. And he doesn't balance him out on policy. At least. Mike Pence was, had like, kind of like this stayed reserved institutional vibe and he sort of complimented him by being a Christian right person. A You know, a, a family values type conservative. There's nothing like that with Vance. You don't need an attack dog when Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket. You need someone that makes him seem safe, makes him seem normal, makes him seem someone you can vote for while sleeping at night. And Vance's doesn't do that. Even when he is at his best. Yeah, he had some in that CBS interview, he had some good moments. Like their union messaging is that Harris is pro trade in pro green energy policies that will hurt auto workers, for example.


And like that, that kind of approach to You know, try to peel off union voters, I think can be effective in some context. He also got pressed on why he wants to end mail order sales of Mifa Prestone because of the Comstock Act. Like really radical stuff. Yeah. So like, he's a mixed bag because he's got some extreme policies that smart reporters will push him on. And then they'll also ask him about You know Donald Trump dining with Nazis and also You know hedging on whether members of the military in Afghanistan who helped us troops should be allowed in the country. 'cause Trump wants to end all asylum, right? So like he's got a tough situation 'cause he has to defend Trump's terrible policies. He said a bunch of weird shit. And then he's just not very charismatic.


Well, Every time Trump is asked about picking him, Trump says, oh, he's good for the working man. He's good for the working men and women. Right? The workers like him. You could make an argument, I I'm sure that some of Trump's advisors did. Who, who wanted him to be selected that he has more of the intellectual heft than Donald Trump to sort of dress up the bullshit economic populism that they're peddling. The challenge is even on that child tax credit answer, it's like, yeah, would it be effective if there was a Republican nominee who was saying, you know what? Like I do think that we should help people with children and I think that we shouldn't have children in poverty and we should use our tax system to do like Yeah. That would be effective. Right? But JD Vance and Republicans have been the ones blocking the extension of the child tax credit for the last several years.


Now You see this on, on abortion rights too, right? For the longest time, the right was, oh, we're going You know if we are gonna do all this to overturn v Wade, we have to make life easier and better for new moms and, and, and, and families. and of course that part of the agenda never came that at all. He, he says, oh, I'm against Universal childcare because that only benefits a certain kind of family, but I'm for rewarding all parents. But then the push comes to shove, they don't ever actually get it through. They're Still part of a party that just doesn't do any of the things that they're pretending they care about on their new economic populism agenda. I wanna hear a little fun breaking news. Yeah. That just came through our slack. Apparently You know, we've all been reading about how the Iranian hackers might have infiltrated the Trump campaign, gotten into somebody's email, et cetera.


It turns out it was Roger Stone's email account. No, there's going to be some according to the Washington Post. So there could be some interesting stuff in that. So they blamed the Iranians, but now they think that maybe it was just Roger Stone. No, no, no. Sorry. Ran Roger Stone's email account was the one compromised by the Iranian phishing attack. Oh. So you think there's probably gonna be some interesting stuff in there. Oh, That's fun. The phish Phish apps, the phishing attack. Hey, we saw you across the room and we really liked your vibe. Yes, Exactly. Developing, developing story. Developing. Totally. So other Republicans are also getting in on the, the fun of, of attacking the new nominee. James Comer, head of the oversight committee, house oversight committee, who spent the last two years trying to investigate and impeach Joe Biden over nothing.


Told Fox News that his committee will now turn their attention to Kamala Harris and investigate how much money the migrant crisis has cost the government. I think he'll be able to make that a thing. First Of all, I just, it, there had been so many wonderful aspects of how the dynamic has changed over the last three weeks, but one I just hadn't really thought that much about is the fact that house Republicans have spent the last two years trying to drum up controversies and scandals and impeachment inquiries in order to tar and, and tarnish Joe Biden. And it was a waste of their fucking time. Hmm. They did it for nothing. They got to nothing. Biden Crime family. The Biden crime family, they're gonna have sale in the sunset. Hopefully be a couple pardons, which I support.


I do throw some on there. There. You guys have been through enough. Take one for the team. Joe. 50 Biden, 50 years of service. Hey, take one for yourself. Yeah. Throw a couple part by the way. Put us on the list. You're probably mad at us. Bad time for that. We'll ask about the pardon later. He's not gonna party. He's gonna fucking arrest us. Right. Lose lose for us no matter who wins. Yeah. Oh Boy. I just think it's, it's also, we've all skipped over just the head spinning aspect of like, we're a congressional oversight committee and oh by the way, what we were doing with President Biden was just to take him down politically. Now we must take down the new nominee politically. So we're going to drum up a fake investigation. Or just like announcing it. Yeah, just announcing it.


I think the, the, the truth was revealed to me about this committee during the 5,000 Benghazi investigations. The, Well, it didn't like Kevin, Kevin McCarthy. Just like basically say it to a reporter like, we're gonna use this to take down the president down. Yeah. I don't think they're, look it's, it's August. I don't think they're gonna have much time to be, they have no time to holding hearings and then Good luck subpoenaing documents and going to court to try to get them Also, it's like it, look, it's not a corruption scandal involving a Ukrainian energy company. It's the borderer. It's on television, right? What do you, what do you Yeah, yeah. No, people know it's a problem guys. They're aware. Let's talk about Kamala Harris and Tim Walls who are getting such good crowds, polls, fundraising and media coverage. It's making me nervous. Making me Nervous. Big time.


I know, I know, I know. Our cross tab, king Nate Cohn came down from the mountain this weekend to bless us with a new round of New York Times Sien polls that show Harris up 50 46 in each of the three blue wall states of Wisconsin. Don't believe that in Pennsylvania. Don't believe it for a second. Where Biden had been tied before the debate and very behind afterwards. A new poll from North Carolina shows the race there may be tied and the average is closing at the very least. And a huge week of swing state events wrapped up with a rally in Vegas in front of more than 12,000 people. The vice president announced at the event that she would stop taxing income from tips, which is also a relatively new Trump proposal.


She'll also reportedly unveil a slew of economic proposals this week before the convention. And Harris has been staking out a position on immigration that's focused on securing the border and offering undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship. She's been saying she'll sign the bipartisan border control bill that Trump had killed. There has been an increasing amount of hand wringing in the press and from Republicans about Harris not having talked enough about policy yet. Where do you guys come down on that I mean? Like I was talking to someone today who said in every focus group he's done, you hear people saying like, I don't know if she understands people like me. I don't know what she's gonna do for people like me.


So whether or not the press is saying You know she needs to roll out a bunch of policy. I do think voters want to hear it. 'cause there's this like large information gap. Normally you'd fill that with endless boring speeches that no one ever listens to. They have this nice opportunity to kind of fill the space in what, a hundred days with shorter pier plans and policies. So Make it a topper. Yeah. Make it a topper. So keep it tight. Yeah. Keep it tight. Real tight. You keep it tight just for people Tonight. You get your stu speech, you give the same stem speech at every single event and all you need to do is insert a couple of paragraphs in the speech. Make it a meme. Yeah. At the top in the beginning. We're Not going back. And one way we're not going back. This is policy. We're not going back when it comes to healthcare. Bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet. Have the bullet get out Policy. You have the policy geeks write up a conference call.


White paper. Yeah. And then they put it in a press release. You do a conference call in the campaign, you're done, you're done, You're Done. You're done. You're done. You're, you're not writing a 4,000 word speech that don't, no one's gonna fucking care about. No, please don't. If you're listening, please don't. But Blueprint, this polling firm, they did some testing. They found 71% of voters said their minds are made up about Trump and nothing could change them. 57% said that about Harris, but 20% said their minds could be changed or that they need more information. so I think she's got an opportunity here, but like the least effective criticism is that she needs to do more interviews. Trump's pushing this really hard, oh, she hasn't talked to a single reporter, blah, blah, blah. The press score is getting whipped up and like on some level, yeah, of course she should do interviews, but not a single voter gives a shit. It's Pushing on an open door because the reporters are gonna get Yeah, yeah.


They, they know they'll have the media on their side. I just Think it's like, it's also gonna keep building and what you don't wanna do is actually what You know. You end up having so much pressure on those, those first interviews. Yes. So they draw unnecessary attention. And then the questions also have to become more ferocious. 'cause it's like a big it's a big moment. Yeah, Exactly. Well, which is why she's been walking up to the press pool after events when she gets off the plane to like take a few questions and then, and on last week, late last week, we were talking about this on last episode. She said she would have her team schedule to sit down by the end of the month. She's got the convention coming up. You know you gotta, you focus on that with Walls baby. Right. Can we just go back though to this idea about like, oh, she You know she hasn't been talking about policy. The campaign is three weeks old. That's what I was gonna say. So there's two parts of this. First of all, the campaign is, is three weeks old.


I do agree. There's a lot of people like undecided voters be like, I need to hear more. I need to hear more. There's people that always say they need to hear more and for sure they don't go looking, but fine, they're out there, they're Americans and we love every one of 'em. But the, but What those people really want is like fucking Santa Claus to come to their door. Yeah, for sure. Big bag of presents for sure. So, but, but like the idea that there's like people that aren't undecided voters who feel like they're not aware of the kind of administration Kamala Harris would run as if a, there wasn't a second term Biden agenda already being laid out and b, a democratic platform that hasn't already been announced. Like there's a whole bunch of policies and, And she was part of that campaign. Of course I mean that's the, that's the benefit. One of the many benefits of having like Kamala Harris and not just a random democratic nominee who's a governor of a state who really would, and even though it was just three weeks, people would be like, well what do you stand for?


What do you do? We know what your record was as governor, but like, what are you gonna do as president? She signed on to all the Biden policy plans. Yeah. Like she can separate herself from some of them if she doesn't like them, but like, hopefully several of them. I'd love to see some separation. But I do think it's like, that's why it's like I, this idea that there's some liability because she hasn't been talking about policy, I think is ridiculous. It's actually all opportunity. We Yes. Like it's upside. It's all opposite upside to like find places of difference to go further where she wants to go further make news on something where she wants to talk about pop economic populous policies and on a lot of policies, abortion, democracy, climate. Like there's just, we know like she's out there on that. She's out there. Yeah. Yeah. And then diagrams, she can make bunch diagrams, Huge men diagrams in those New York Times polls. The reason that she's leading Trump, the reason is her favorability rating is like much higher than Biden's was now higher than Trump's.


And Trump's in the, in those polls still at that 46% favorable, which is very high for Trump, but she's even higher. A majority say that she's honest and intelligent more than say that about Donald Trump on both those that she brings the right kind of change, which is huge. It's closer on that 15 and 47 has the temperament to be president and that she has a clear vision for the country. Again, that one's sort of lower than the others, which is why I think the policy thing You know they'll be focusing on that in the coming weeks. And a majority doesn't think she's too far to the left either. So far, only 44% of likely voters say she's too liberal or progressive compared with 44% who say she's not too far either way. And only 6% who say she isn't progressive enough.


You don't wanna someone, some Democrat said this to Playbook today. I dunno if it's a Harris advisor or some Democratic advisor said like, we certainly don't need to be having a fight about details on Medicare for all for the next a hundred days. I I saw it, I clocked it and I believe it was a senior congressional aid. And the reason I looked at it was like, Hey, wait, stop, stop. Don't put that up there. Yeah. See, Shut the fuck up. Throw some salt over your shoulder, spin around three times and go for it. Get outta here. What? She's also doing better on the economy than Biden wants too. Yeah. And she's winning on existing in the context of all in which He lives that Yeah. Huge advantage there. No, the economy thing is interesting because people still, people have the same views about the economy.


They just trust her more than they did Biden because they don't hold her responsible for the bullshit. They held Biden responsible for the last four years, which wasn't really Biden's fault. Fault You know. And the Bullshit might have been his age. Right. Well That's, I'm saying think that's where it all comes back to. But it, it's not that people aren't still upset about affordability and the cost of living, it's just that they are giving her a, a right of doubt that they did not give him, what do you guys make of her copying Trump's no tax on Tips proposal. My feeling on it is like, great, do that, take that off the table. Like is a campaign In it to win it, Just fucking win it. Great in it. Do not like that. Like absolutely embrace it. Like there was a lot of, I think like very like, And let's be clear, not a great, we didn't, we we didn't think it was a great policy when Trump did it.


No, still not a great policy. Yeah. Like not a bad policy. Just not a, like I think that it is, like, it is a way to get more money into the hands of people that could use more Money. Small percentage Of people. It has a lot of like unintended side effects and it's not the, it's not a, it's not a great way to help people that need help. There's other things you could do and other policies you could put in place, higher minimum wage and so forth that would like do more for more in a more fair way. And the reason that I think when we talked about this when Trump proposed it, that we criticize Trump is because when you propose something like this and then you're against the minimum wage and minimum wage increase or healthcare Yeah. And you're proposing a gigantic tax cut for the rich and, and no tax cut or like a very small tax cut for most other people. Yeah. Then in totality, your economic proposals are a fucking problem.


Well, one, one thing it does right, is that like, so you have, if you have a state like California that has a higher minimum wage in a state like South Carolina with a lower minimum wage and, and, and more of the income then comes from tips in those places, you're basically rewarding states and rewarding employers that pay less. Yeah. I mean, I want to just be clear that I come down on doing whatever gives her the maximum political advantage Absolutely. In this moment. And I don't care about anything else. Yep. Agreed. But on the substance, I do think it comes down to how you implement the idea. Like the concern is that employers could push labor costs onto consumers by reducing wages and then encouraging tipping. Ted Cruz policy mind of a generation introduced a bill called the No Tax on Tips Act that did almost nothing for low income workers, but created a massive loophole that could have allowed or that could allow hedge fund managers to shift their compensation to a tipping model.


Yeah. And thus avoid paying any taxes on it. So like that is the worst case. But I obviously Harris wouldn't do that. I mean? No. In fact, she, her, one of her campaign officials told NPR as president she'd worked with Congress to craft a proposal that comes with an income limit and with strict requirements to prevent hedge fund managers and lawyers, lawyers from structuring their compensation in that way. So they're already saying that her proposal is different than Trump's. Yeah. And also like at the end of the day, like I imagine she tried to couple it with bringing back the child tax credit or expanding the EITC, like a lot of other more targeted Policies. I just like, Just win zone tip Again, I'm for completely do whatever you want. I know it's like a fine po. Like I don't care. Do whatever you want. It's fine policy. I I don't, I just think that like, as a society, society full nihilism as a society, like no, but a society that like shifts more and more income into tips is one in which like, it, it puts the cost onto customers over employers and it shifts the burden from the ungenerous to the generous.


Because over the course of a day, what's gonna determine the size of your tips is how generous the people who walked in the door are. Someone's pissed about that iPad spinning around when he, when he's buying a dieted coke. But, but, And it's like, alright, well, well You didn't bring anything to my table. I'll stand in here. Fuck no, I always, I always press the fucking button. I know. so I always press the fucking button that it's on everything now See you hovering over that 18%. What are you guys hoping to see from her in terms of other economic proposals this week? I'd like to ban some of that iPad flipping around The most politically advantageous things possible. Tax cuts for working families. Affordability. Affordability. I think just affordability, affordability, inflation. Yeah. Anything that's gonna reduce costs for people, that's gonna help people middle.


And I think she's gonna do that. She's already signaling that affordability, middle class economics and just like a couple specific policies either that Biden has already endorsed and people don't You know, really know of or maybe a few new things just to make news. But that's, she has, she has two policy issues that she needs to care about. Immigration, which we're about to talk about and affordability like, and with this much time left, I wouldn't think about anything else else. She'll talk about abortion. Right. But most of that's out there. Right. That's something that you talk about. It's not like there's gonna be a lot of new policy there because everyone knows what the solution is, but beyond that, it's affordability and immigration. That's what, that's what voters consistently say that they care about more than anything else.


The, the, the White House announced that they're putting out a bunch of kind of consumer protections. Mm. And I really like that there's a bunch of like air travel, consumer protections, customer service, consumer protections not being hope You cancel unwanted subscriptions. Yeah. Which You know coming onto our territory. But that, but but also like, let the private sector do its thing. But the Rocket money the code is Yeah. But, and Yeah, but stay in the discord. But also, but also there was one about the, the doom loop of customer service and being unable to get a real person. And I just think those are like, like quietly just things that make people see. And I like when Biden Folks have done an amazing job on junk fees and like not enough people know about it.


That's one where you Really like people getting refunds automatically as opposed to getting airline credits or some convoluted other thing. Like that's a Biden policy that people should know that Biden did. If I see an advisory for a major foreign policy speech, Oh My god, I'm going to shut down the council on foreign relations. Will you? Yeah, you can do that. We're gonna take away Ben Rhodes'. I I was gonna say you better talk to your co-host. Is he, is he a member of the council? No, I assume I I I was a term member for like six minutes. I know all it meant. so I I paid, all it meant was I paid fees that I didn't go to anything. I Actually hot over here. Look at this fucking guy. Look at this fucking guy. Couldn't think of a second foreign policy guy.


Richard, you voted Gobbler Do. It's a big news. A big news over. People are Alive here. Big thank I Thank you. Sorry. How do you guys feel about her sounding pretty tough on border security. Oh My god. We talked about the, I think that's what she should do. I think like going out there and saying I was a border state prosecutor. I'm for the executive order to strengthen border security. I'm for the bipartisan border bill. That is how we build a secure border on our way to a more generous immigration system. I'm all for it. That's what she should be saying. Yeah. Blueprint did some testing on this too. And also talking about how You know I'm the daughter of immigrants. I think immigration is important, but I think people should be rewarded who tried to do it the right way, like my parents did. And we need a system that rewards that. Also. I went after these gangs. I'll go after smugglers, I'll go after human traffickers.


You know that kind of message. Here's, Here's her, one of her first ads focused on border security and here's how it ends as president. She will hire thousands more border agents and crack down on fentanyl and human trafficking. Fixing the border is tough. So is Kamala Harris. Great Lovett. I've seen some commentators be like, wow, she's combining now being tough on border security with providing a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Like what a revelation. I'm like, What's old is New? Does no one remember the Obama era? That Is This is what we Owe. How many speeches do We write? This? It's, I just like, like we like Democrats paid politically and I think the policy paid for believing that the way you demonstrate that you are pro-immigration is by not, is by taking a less strong stand on border security.


And actually it had the exact opposite effect you would want. You need to do these things to demonstrate that you're serious about the border so that you have the credibility and space to do the most generous immigration reform that you could possibly do. Which is what I think our collective goal should be like. The goal is not to de to to use the border as to a gauge for how generous our country is. Our goal should be to do what we can to secure the border so we have the space to have an actual policy that makes sense.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. Most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions. But get this, the real number is closer to $300. That's thousands of dollars a year. Thankfully, rocket Money can find subscriptions you've forgotten about and help cancel the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. You can even see all of your subscriptions in one place. And if you see something you don't want, rocket Money can help you cancel it with a few taps. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Love Rocket Money, have used it myself, had way too many things I was signed up for and subscribed for that I just did not use anymore. Didn't even realize that I was still signed up and Rocket Money went through, canceled all of them and I saved a bunch of money. It's great. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/crooked. That's rocket money.com/crooked rocket money.com/crooked.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for it. We're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Los Angeles, come see Lovett or leave it live. We just announced 13 new live show dates that run from September through the end of the year, which for no particular reason will be an interesting time to see me anxiously gesticulating on stage. We'll cover all the news around the election plus all the news that's not around the election to distract us so we don't lose our mind. We'll have all your favorite comedians, politicians screamed to make sure they have a personality and all the gay shit. I don't bring To, Pod, Save America because that's not what that space This is, what this space is for. So why cry about the world in therapy when you can laugh about it with me because I do this show instead of therapy? Grab your tickets now. Head to cricket.com/events for tickets and more information.


Okay, before we leave you. The Magos sphere wants all of us to believe that project 2025 isn't a thing anymore. The top guy stepped down, which the Trump campaign welcomed Mockingly Trump himself has been trying to disavow the whole project, which hasn't gone that well since there's pictures of him on a private plane that the Washington Post dug up with the top guy, the Heritage Foundation's founder, I believe. Yep. And they were, they were on their way to a Heritage Foundation conference where Trump talked about how great what they're doing is, and said that they're, quote, laying the groundwork and detailed plans for exactly what our movement will do. Nice. Kevin Roberts is Kevin Roberts head of Heritage Project 2025 is also the gift that keeps on giving for reporters. The latest is a series of training videos obtained by ProPublica and documented.


We have two clips. Let's listen to the first. Now, when I think of climate change, I immediately think of population control, don't you? I think you can expect that equity and all of the equity executive orders under Biden will be repealed. That's what gender affirming care is not care at all. The noxious tenets of critical race theory and gender ideology should be excised from curriculum in every single public school in this country. I always think of population control and I think of climate change. My God, It's, it's batty stuff.


It's batty stuff. And it is just sort of interesting just to see like the, these are training videos. There's I believe 14 hours of them. Yeah. That ProPublica has also put up. And I was like, I wanna kind of get into it. I was like, not that much into it, but these are just sort of, it is ideologue to ideologue. It's videos that were made as if nobody was watching. It's just for them. And like they're unrestrained sounds like practical, pragmatic steps that they will take to undo every executive order on diversity, equity, inclusion to issue rules to restrict what schools can teach or what happens when a child comes forward and says, Hey, I, I like, I don't feel like a boy or whatever. They come and tell a teacher and what horrors await if the Trump administration is in power.


And then just their kind of genuine belief that climate change is a hoax to control the population perpetrated by liberals, by the childless cat. Ladies wild. And it links to the JD Manz thing, right? JD Manz is the public face of this kind of ideology. I hadn't heard that one before. That, that this conspiracy that liberals say that if you have kids, kids is bad for having kids is bad for the climate. Like, ha ha, having, having kids makes the cl makes like, what, what? Well, That, there's definitely, there are like I mean, I It's a You know. It's a rando. Yes, it is true. Randos on the internet have said, I'm not having kids because of climate change. Not, there's that. I've heard that before. But this was basically saying that like kids contribute to, to climate change, to pollution.


Well, that, that, well, I think there are, right? That it's unethical to have kids because your kids will contribute to climate change. Do I think that this is a real thing that's like upheld by like the libs? No, of course. No. I'm just saying I hadn't, I haven't heard that one before. There're Very dumb people on the extremes of both sides. I think of this issue. I, I, I, it's worth saying like the, the I mean this is a 900 page plan. It's got a $22 million budget. So it's a very real thing. Even if they're trying to walk away from it. It's policy. It's a 180 day playbook. It's personnel. And I guess the training component was these creepy videos. It's very radical stuff. You know, taking control, Trump taking control of all federal agencies and putting in MAGA loyalists, mass deportations, banning Medicaid abortion, 800 pages, more of stuff that said so very well-funded, very serious, very threatening set of ideas in this whole package.


These videos are some of the most unappealing and underwhelming people I've ever had the misfortune of watching. It's the deputy chief of staff at U-S-A-I-D talking to the deputy press secretary at Dasa about like how to avoid the mainstream media. It, I don't know. It, it was pretty bad. Not, not helping them beat the weird allegations, that's for sure. No, we have another clip where they talk more about implementation. Let's listen. If the next Republican president does not execute a dramatic course correction, there may never be another chance. So if you're not on board with helping implement a dramatic course correction because you're afraid it'll damage your future employment prospects, it'll harm you socially.


Look, I get it. That's a real danger. It's a real thing. But please do us all a favor and sit this one out. Do not let career bureaucrats hinder you from advancing the president's agenda. Probably better off going down to the canteen, getting a cup of coffee, talking it through and making the decision as opposed to sending him an email and creating a thread that accountable us or, or one of those other groups is gonna come back and seek, I'm sorry, did he say the canteen? Yeah, the canteen. The canteen. I'm like, I found this to be like some of the most chilling stuff because it is, they're not gonna be able to You know if they win and they're gonna be rapidly staffing You know hundreds of agencies with tens of thousands of people.


This is basically trying to weed out the, the, the, the sims get the real diehards in there and to kind of reassure them that when they get into this bureaucracy and they make a bunch of trouble, that the Trump administration will have their back including telling them, Hey, if you want to do something that some government weasels telling you is illegal, don't write back that they should do it anyway. Right? Walk down the hall, just do it. And You know, put your finger in their chest down at the canteen to get that done. And like even the opening, the, the, the, the first, that first moment of someone saying, if you're not in favor, like it kind of uses a kind of euphemism for the amount of, of chaos they want to unleash. If you're gonna, if you're afraid this is gonna affect your social standing and your bill, your gut, your job prospects, that's a reasonable fear.


Maybe this job isn't for you. Like that is, this is like fascistic stuff. Basically saying like, you gotta be part of the vanguard to get in there and fuck with the government. And it may cost you dearly, but it's the right thing to do. And if you're not in, we don't want you on the team. Like, that's scary stuff. The biggest challenge for Democrats with Project 2025 is voters in a lot of these focus groups, like, don't nec it's so, it sounds so crazy. They don't necessarily believe it and then they don't necessarily believe that it will actually happen. Right? Because they see Trump as like, You know Trump's crazy in a lot of ways, but they don't think this, A lot of this vibes with him, a lot of these ideas. And so the real challenge, I think over the next however many, and and I think this is a challenge for the Harris Walls campaign as well, is to make it clear that if Trump wins and JD Vance is in the White House too, like this shit will happen.


Yeah. It I mean this is a plug and play You know plan for the administration for the first 180 days. If Trump wins, there's no other thing that can happen. Right? There is Noran, there's no great transition plan. There's no policies to pulling off the shelves. They don't have a platform. This is it. And they, this is the Republican platform. Nearly 29 of the 36 speakers in those videos have worked for Trump in some capacity, either on his transition team in the first term in the administration, or now on his reelection campaign. Yeah. These are his staffers, his donors, these organizations are, heritage has been important in Washington since the Reagan Administration. Yeah. But it took a, it took a very Trumpy turn over over very scary turn over the last Years. It's also like they're, they're gonna, they're, they're gonna staff the administration with You know thousands of people. And then those people will run amok and they will go to the, and some of them will pull this off the show.


You know, You know Donald Trump. Famous micromanager. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna, He doesn't care. He's doesn't care. And these people are like, and the worst ones will get in there and do the most damage they possibly can. One bit of housekeeping before we go. Dan is out with a new episode of Polar Coaster, taking a look at Tim Wells' impact on the race. He's joined by Democratic pollster, Selinda Lake, who's one of the best in the business to look at the VP pick and how the Democratic ticket is doing in the Key States. Polar coaster is a subscriber exclusive show, so head on over to crooked.com/friends to get access if you haven't already. Also, you should be following strict scrutiny if you're not already. It's fantastic. It's been two years since the Dobbs decision overturning Roe and in their latest episode, Melissa, Kate and Leah take a look back at everything that's happened since then and what comes next.


Look for the episode titled State of the Uterus on the strict Scrutiny Feed. And while you're there, make sure you're subscribed. That is our show for today. I'll be back with a new show for you on Wednesday, and my guest host will be our old pal, David Ro. Yeah. We'll talk to you then. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricut.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation.


Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right. With Rewards on Sling, watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.