
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe. Home security. Love is in the air, but so are porch, pirates and other threats. Porch pirates, not mutually exclusive. Protect the ones you love. This Valentine's Day with SimpliSafe SimpliSafe can help provide peace of mind with proactive protection that helps stop threats before they even have the chance to break in. We love SimpliSafe here, Crooked Media. Sure do. As you as all know Jon Lovett set one up himself. Kept him safe for years. He could turn it on and off on his phone at the top of the line sensors. Even pundit had the SimpliSafe app on her phone. Even Pundit. I think Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in and that it's too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor production can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. I can't stop imagining like Johnny Depp in just in a with a knife and a eye patch. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back Simply Safe is named Best Home Security System by US News and World Report five years in a row. Visit simplisafe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan in your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You come to the New Yorker Radio Hour for conversations that go deeper with people you really want to hear from, whether it's Bruce Springsteen or Quest Love, or Olivia Rodrigo, Liz Cheney, or the godfather of Artificial intelligence, Jeffrey Hinton, or some of my extraordinarily well-informed colleagues at the New Yorker. So join us every week on the New Yorker Radio Hour, wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm Tommy Vitor. Lovet is taking President's Day seriously, I guess. Good, good for him. I know where he's, he's honoring it. He's not here. Maybe he'll come in at some point. He Pray loving. He's not on Survivor Again, everyone. No. Yeah, that's good. I know what you're thinking. Good disclaimer. Not On an island, not doing the traitors or whatever the Other stuff. The truth is, we didn't bother to know where he's going. We could have asked him that. That would've been nice. So on today's show, Trump and the White House spent the weekend promoting a quote attributed to Napoleon. That quote, he who saves his country does not violate any law and then set about proving they believe it by indiscriminately firing thousands of workers, including hundreds of people who oversee our nuclear weapons and handle air safety for the FAA.


We'll talk about all that and why I am never flying again. I feel the same way, man. I don't have any of your flying anxiety, but how many plane crashes do we have to watch on Tv? I mean, we were prepping for this while one happened. Another one from Delta Flight from Minneapolis to Toronto. How does It get upside down? I don't know. I guess there there's bad, don't the wings, Bad wind, but I don't know. Well, we'll, we'll talk about why, why the FA is being hollowed out at this moment. We'll also talk about how Donald Trump now essentially owns the Democratic mayor of New York City, thanks to a corrupt deal that led even Trump appointed conservative prosecutors to resign from the Department of Justice. Then Tommy talks to Stephen A Smith, the legendary sports commentator, turned political pundit now one of the Democratic party's top critics about what he thinks the party needs and why he hasn't completely ruled out running for president.


That's right. Is That right? That's right. I mean, for those who don't watch sports or ESPN or listen to sports talk radio like Stephen A is a legend in the game of winning arguments and shouting down opponents in the most entertaining way possible. And there's been all this chatter about him potentially running for office is sort of like the reason I wanted to reach out. But also, he's a guy who understands the digital economy and the tension and how to get it and drive a narrative and keep it better than almost anyone. And so look, listeners, there's gonna be a lot of criticism of the Democratic Party. Some I agreed with lots I didn't. You'll repeatedly think why isn't Tommy interrupting him and and pushing back on this? And to you, I say two things. One, Stephen A is legendarily difficult to interrupt?


There's bodies littered across ESBN of people who have tried. And two, that's not what I wanted to do. Like it sometimes it's good to hear criticisms that are wrong, but like a widely held perspective and not everything he said was wrong. Even if it makes you mad, like it's good to hear where people are coming from and what they're mad at the Democratic party about and can learn something. You can't Daniel Dale, everyone throughout the interview, you know, otherwise it's, people aren't gonna get much long interview too. Also, it's impossible to interrupt him. I I, I went on his podcast before the election and that was slightly different because he had to ask me some questions, right. 'cause he was hosting the podcast, but it was the full Stephen A treatment and it was just, I, I tell everybody this was everything I wanted and more out of the Stephen A experience I felt like I got yelled at for 30 minutes in a good way.


Yeah. And about 10 words in, and that was all I wanted. Perfect. I can't wait to listen. We are recording this Monday afternoon on President's Day, soon to be known as President Trump Day. Probably. I'm shocked he hasn't m it That's funny. But real. Our dear leader has sent a US delegation to Saudi Arabia to begin negotiations with Russia to end Putin's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, which over the last three years has led to the deaths of tens of thousands of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians. The kidnapping by Russia of tens of thousands of Ukrainian children and a global alliance led by the US and Europe to isolate and deter Putin from expanding the war and potentially using nuclear weapons, both of which Russia has expressed interest in doing at some point during the conflict ending.


This war is of course, a worthy goal to pursue. We all want that. But what's scaring the shit out of Europe and Ukraine is that Trump has so far excluded them from the negotiations with Putin and hinted that wittingly or not, he may give the murderous dictator most of what he wants. Meanwhile, French President Emmanuel Macron called a last minute meeting of European leaders in Paris to talk about how to handle all this. I guess they'll just be watching Twitter for updates like us. Yeah. Is that about right? Tell me like, what did, what did I miss there? How, how big of a deal is this and, and why are Europe and Ukraine so freaked out right now? Doing it in Saudi Arabia is a nice touch. It's kind of like a autocratic human centipede. You know what I mean?


Hopefully you don't know what I mean. There was a, a lot of activity on u on Ukraine last week. It started, it kicked off when Trump called Putin for 90 minutes, and they set up this series of peace talks between the US and Russia on the future of Ukraine. Not a part of those talks is Ukraine or the Ukrainians or Zelensky. Zelensky got a call after the Putin called, where Trump informed him that this was going down more Of an FYI. Yeah. So, hey man, heads up. 20% of your territory is being occupied by the Russians. We're gonna figure out who gets it. And This was the first time a US president has spoken to Putin since the war Began. Since the invasion, basically. This effectively ended three years of trying to isolate the Russians by the west.


Basically, this call, and, you know, the, the Europeans are also not invited to these talks, which again is nuts because the EU and its member states have given something like $145 billion worth of support to Ukraine over the past few years. And they're obviously more threatened by a Russian military operation than we are because we have an ocean in between. So it was really messy. And then on top of that, Pete Hegseth, the Secretary of Defense slash America's designate, if there's ever a case race to decide the future, But not, but not to get home. Not good at flip cup, though. Surprisingly bad. You and I can take them. But, so Hegseth announced at a meeting in Brussels, a NATO meeting, that it was unrealistic for Ukraine to join NATO or get back all the territory lost in 2014, which is like, maybe true in a fair thing for like an analyst to say.


But everyone was like, Hey man, you're part of the team now negotiating with Putin. And you just gave him massive concessions before these talks even started. And then he walked it back and then they kind of walked back the walk back. So it was just like amateur hour left and right from Hegseth. And then Trump said he potentially supports Readmitting Russia to the G seven. Yeah. One G eight. G eight we're ging it up, G Bring back. He said, many people on both sides were to blame for the war in Ukraine. Just a callback. Never Says Call back to the first Term. Yeah. Never says Russia invaded. Strange. I also thought it was amazing that I'm sure you guys talked about this. I don't know when it happened though. No, It all happened after we Recorded it happened. It all happened.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. How about the fact that Trump was going around being like, okay, okay, I know that I'm, it seems like I'm gonna give Russia what they want, but hey Zelensky, if you give me half of your minerals, maybe, maybe I'll, I'll give you more of what you want. But there's a deal to be done there. Yeah. I forget who handed this sort of proposal to Zelensky, but it basically said Ukraine gives the United States half of its deposits of rare earth minerals in exchange for nothing. There was no security guarantee, there was nothing. Zelensky was like, what do I, what do I do with this? He's really focused on these rare earth minerals. I noticed that too. Like a, like a, again, like a futile Lord. He wants 'em From Canada. He wants them from Greenland, Canada, Ukraine.


Well, You know what they're very important for is electric vehicle batteries. And I wonder who might be talking about that in his ear. I Thought we hated electric vehicles now I thought we were able to drive our gas Customers. No, They're cool. Okay. So why should Americans care about all of this right now? Well, I mean, as you mentioned, the toping, hundreds of thousands of soldiers and civilians have been killed or wounded or missing because of the war. The war led to inflation. Energy prices skyrocketed across Europe and, and all those impacts rippled out across Europe and destabilized all these governments. And Biden gave all this direct support to Ukraine, rallied the world behind Ukraine. And now Trump is just selling Ukraine out and selling Europe out. And so there's this enormous fear that division within nato, weakness within NATO will lead Putin to do more to go into a NATO country like, like Poland.


I mean, think of the, the Danish intelligence services recently said that if Putin perceives NATO as weak, Russia could launch another large scale war in Europe in as few as five years. And the whole point of nato, it's to deter these things. So this is, this is like a seismic shift in US foreign Policy. I saw in the financial times too that some of the Europeans think that Trump wants to potentially remove US troops from places in Eastern Europe. Yeah. And some of the, some of the Baltic nations. I think what happened was it Hegseth went to Brussels, then he went to the Munich security conference, whatever, some mouth breather thing that Rhodes would attend or did attend and Probably has. Yeah. And I think he suggested in some of those meetings that they might pull tens of thousands of US troops out of Europe.


And so this seems like the broader danger beyond just the danger for Ukraine. Right. Which is just signing some kind of settlement where they lose some of their territory and Right. They don't have, right, they don't get the security guarantees right. From the United States so that Putin can just rein, invade. But that now Eastern Europe now Putin thinks, okay, well I got my way here and Donald Trump's a pushover and is just gonna gimme what we, what I want. Either a pushover or a fellow autocrat. Right, right. And then starts menacing Eastern Europe and then we're off to the races. Yeah. There's sort of two really bad, look, the S war's awful. I'd Love it to be over. I'd love for Putin to take his troops and go home. But it, it's gonna require sacrifices from both sides, I think, to get to a peace deal.


And some of the things Heg sets was saying are true. I mean, basically the Bush administration in 2008 set up this construct where they kind of floated Ukraine for NATO membership, but they didn't get into nato, which left them very vulnerable from the worst case scenario. And I agree, it is unlikely that Ukraine will be a part of nato and it is unlikely that Ukraine will get Crimea back. But I, I think the worst case outcome here is a negotiation where Putin keeps a lot of territory. Ukraine is forced to basically demilitarize and gets no security guarantees. And Putin uses this period of time to reconstitute his forces and then just roll tanks into Kyiv. And then after that baby, he rolls tanks into Poland or somewhere, you know, a Balkan country.


And then, you know, there is like a hot war happening in Europe between the Russians and nato. And NATO is weakened. And like that is the long-term nightmare. Good times. Yeah. Good times. Well, we should also dig into JD Vance's speech at the Munich Security Conference, which is a big part of what has freaked out Europe over the last week. So instead of talking about America's commitment to European security and a free Ukraine, he said that the real threat to the continent isn't Russia or China. It's that Europe's leaders aren't welcoming enough to extremist parties like Germany's a FD and aren't sufficiently committed to free speech. A statement made without a hint of irony from an administration that has banned the associated press from covering the White House for refusing to call the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America.


So stupid to even say that. And is currently investigating media outlets for coverage that makes Trump mad. Here's some advance of speech. The threat that I worry the most about vis-a-vis Europe is not Russia. It's not China, it's not any other external actor. And what I worry about is the threat from within the retreat of Europe from some of its most fundamental values, values shared with the United States of America. I look to Brussels, where EU commission commissars warn citizens that they intend to shut down social media during times of civil unrest. The moment they spot what they've judged to be quote, hateful content.


And I really do believe that allowing our citizens to speak their mind will make them stronger still. Which of course brings us back to Munich, where the organizers of this very conference to banned lawmakers representing populous parties on both the left and the right from participating in these conversations. If you're running in fear of your own voters, there is nothing America can do for you nor for that matter is there anything that you can do for the American people who elected me and elected President Trump, A stirring defense of freedom from JD Vance. Yeah. Putting the Eunich and Munich there. Thanks jd. What was your reaction to the speech and what do you think Vance was trying to do there?


I have three thoughts. The first big picture, I think JD is cut out of all the big boy meetings. Mm. And he saw Pete Hegseth go over to Brussels and screw up these Ukraine negotiations and then get slapped around. 'cause Trump didn't like the coverage 'cause he looked like a bad negotiator. Everyone's like, oh, art the deal guy, you just gave up all these things to Putin. So JD decided, I'm not touching the hot stove. I'm not gonna talk about the hot war that's happening in Korean. That matters. I'm gonna talk about social media And free speech. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to my safe space. Exactly. Which is whining about mean people on social media, which is what he actually, I I it seems like that's what his job is. Yes. 'cause he's just posting all the time. He's Attacking the most random people on social media all day long. Yeah. He's just a, he's just a professional poster and he's mad about it and he wants to go talk to the entire world about it.


But Seriously, can you imagine like the White House comms meeting where you're like, yes, let's send the vice president to this Munich security conference first overseas trip, huge deal, and then not talk about the single biggest issue facing Europe. I mean, well, it seems like there's two different parts to the speech and what we just heard in the clip, the first is he is very upset about the content moderation laws that the EU has passed and adopted. Right. Though I think he is overstating the case of what, what the enforcement mechanisms are. And look, they are much stricter, certainly than anything we have in the United States. 'cause we don't have anything. Well, It's going great over here with no Rules. Right. No rules. Right. But the idea like the EU will define sort of hateful speech, a speech that is inciting violence or hate and sort of an immediate sense like that is that that is the definition that they've done.


And so Right. What they can do is find social media platforms and, and demand that social media platforms take down the free speech. But what he laid out there was like, you know, they're going from house to house and you're not allowed to say anything bad. Yeah. Right. Jack booted Facebook thugs. Yes. He, they are complaining about kind of routine censorship. And remember this was kind of Mark Zuckerberg's thing that he cried about in his Joe Rogan interview is he wants the American president to be a champion for American companies and just let us do whatever we want. Then there's this question of the, this Romanian election where there were two rounds and the first round went off, they figured out there was all this Russian interference. So they canceled the second round, which is a more controversial thing. But again, talking about that lets JD say Russian interference and elections, what a ridiculous thing to care about, you know?


Right. You know, likes that. And then I know Hypoxy is irrelevant now, but JD Vance didn't have anything to say about VIIA Orban their buddy, who is the, the dictator leading hungry who's like swallowed up all independent media. Well, also, all their complaints about free speech are such fucking bullshit. Like they, they're sitting here in the United States telling banning the Associated Press. Elon Musk was tweeting today that that 60 minutes deserves a long prison sentence. What? Yes. I missed that. I guess. I guess the whole show, the whole show let, like every episode les the whole all Leslie Stall, Leslie Stahl, all of them. She's a treasure. All of 'em are going to jail. Even though long prison sentence Though, even the dead ones, I guess not.


It's just like, it's such fucking bullshit. Right. They do not give a shit about free speech. Speech They don't like, well there's another like Germany specific piece to this. Just Yes. Allow me to geek out for a second. Germany's got an election on the 23rd. So in like a week they're gonna elect representatives to the Bundestag, their Parliament, and then they'll choose the next chancellor. The most likely outcome is that the CDU wins the most votes. That's Angela Merkel's party, the Conservative party. And that they go into a coalition with the social Democrats and that'll be what happens. But, but right now the a FD, the far right party is at like 20 or 22%. And that is scary because most Germans are repulsed and terrified by the A FD because they are viewed as dangerously close to being neo-Nazis.


They, they, members of the A FD downplay the Holocaust. They kinda wink and nod and like accidentally in air quotes, use Nazi slogans. German intelligence has said some factions of the A FD are actually extremist groups. And because of Germany's history with the Holocaust and World War ii, and you know Sure. Everyone's familiar with that. Yeah. They take this stuff very seriously. And all the other major political parties have ruled out working with the A FD. And in his speech, JD Vance said, quote, there's no room for firewalls. And that is, that's referencing specifically the firewall that these other political parties have between themselves and the a FD. And he also, JD Manz also met with the leader of the A FD while in Germany. And this comes after Elon Musk has been propping them up on Twitter over and over again and doing like Twitter spaces stuff.


So like this, this meddling, it might have backfired, but they're openly boosting this far. Right. Some would say neo-Nazi party in Germany All places. What, what is like, is there an explanation for this you can think of that is not JD Vance thinks it's cool to align ourselves with a far, far right German party that is like the successor to the Nazi party. It's Like anti-Muslim anti the Immigration stuff, Immigration, fringy, fringy stuff. I look, I think JD Vance is smart enough to know this is wrong and pretty dangerous, but this is the program and he's going with it. Ugh. Before we move on, your thoughts on the whole AP Gulf of America debacle?


'cause this has become a whole thing now here, but I, but it seems like, like some presses pushing back. I saw the, the White House Correspondence Association has put out a couple statements. Were they strongly worded? They Were strongly, were very strongly word. I did read them and I I thought about in the first Trump term, some of the statements from the WHCA were like pretty just terrible. Yeah. I would say like pretty limp. And this one was strongly worded, but I don't know, I don't know how the Associated Press gets back on Air Force one gets back in the White House briefing room. They had to turn in their credentials. And this is all because they were refused to call Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of America, even though they are a global Right.


News organization. And no one fucking owns the Gulf of Mexico. It's an, it's an international water. So other countries are calling it the Gulf of Mexico. Yeah. It's a big body of water. Why are we talking about this? Yeah. Shout out Eugene Daniels and the Correspondence Association. This is not an easy one. I mean, well initially this seemed like stupid and childish and I kind of thought the Trump people would like be dicks for a couple days and let then let it go. But then Axios had this report this morning where some White House staffer I'd never heard of, like unloaded the clip of anger, things they're mad about in the AP style book. And it was like truly Orwellian. And it, it just read to me like a, a literally unconstitutional assault on, on free speech.


I know the Constitution singles out no law written by Congress shall abridge free speech. But that has been applied to the executive branch as well. And you're right, there have been a lot of strongly worded, high-minded statements, but no one's doing anything. Yeah. And, and, and made me think about in 2009 when we were in the White House, the Treasury Department offered up a series of interviews with this guy Ken Feinberg. Was he like the paar? Yeah, He was the pay, he was the Paar and Fox News was left out and all the other outlets came together and they said, we're gonna boycott this interview unless you include Fox. So we included Fox that like kind of action is what's necessary. Like, and they, they, That was for, that was complaints about a single interview, A treasury aide.


Yeah. One, one interview. Yeah. Not like a, like we, we could, we didn't try to kick Fox out of the White House. Right. And it was a huge story. Robert Gibbs, the White House press secretary at the time is getting hammered about it. Reporters are doing tons of stories about it, and there's been coverage of this. And you know, Jake Tapper, who like was hammered as hard at the time, was incredibly sanctimonious about it. I've seen him do some, you know, commentaries and things on his shows. I'm not seeing that from many other people. Yeah, I Do. I say that with a, as a compliment to Jake by the, Like, I, he stood Up for like the principle there in, in a strong way. I it's a tricky one, right? Because the first I thought, okay, maybe they should all just like boycott the White House and stop, you know, and, and, and band together and start reporting.


It's like, you don't want that. Right. And cat turds The pool reporter. Right. Exactly. Yeah. There's already enough of cat turd types in there. So you don't want that. And I, but I'm wondering like, what else, what else you do, what you could do is next time you're in the Oval or next time you're at the White House briefing room, just like Pepper Carolyn Levitt or Trump, when you see him with questions about this and like, don't stop, don't move off the topic until they do something. Like, just make it a bigger deal. It's really hard. The white, the reporters, when they would take up issues like this with us, knew we cared and we cared about what they thought and they knew the Democrats cared about what these reporters said about how we were treating them. Trump views them as a foil. They want this fight. They love going after the media. Yeah.


So it is hard, but like there's gotta be some sort of collective action that leads to a reduction in coverage somehow. Like something Trump doesn't like, and I, I don't know what it looks like, but they gotta find it. I mean, I think it is indicative of a collective action problem in dealing with Trump. Like wr large Yeah. In this, in this term. Right? For sure. Sure. It's for the press. It's for Democrats, it's for it like business people standing up, like no one wants to get out there ahead of everyone and potentially put themselves at risk, either financially or their safety or, I mean, it's like, you know, it's heading into bad territory here. Yeah.


POS of America is brought to you by Helix Love Helix mattresses. We have, we have a helix mattress in our guest room and Charlie has a helix mattress. Tommy, I think you have a helix mattress we do in our guest room. It's super comfortable. A lot of people at Cricut have helix mattresses. My in-laws heard this ad. They got a helix. They're super excited. How will you know which Helix mattress works for you and your body? You just have to take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. I took the quiz. I was matched with a Dawn lux mattress because I like something, you know. I like a soft mattress, softer mattress, and I also sleep on my side. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections. Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers helix kids, a mattress designed for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a hundred night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to helix sleep.com/crooked for 27% offsite wide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase, plus a free bedding bundle with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's helix sleep.com/crook for 27% offsite wide. Plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase plus a free bedding bundle with any luxe or elite mattress. Order helix sleep.com/crooked. This is their best offer. Exclusive to our listeners and only available by visiting helix sleep.com/crook.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of President Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between, they'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central in streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


All right, back here in the United States, Trump celebrated President's Day weekend a holiday dedicated to a man who believed America should never have a king and another who saved the union by declaring that it's okay to break the law as long as you think you're doing it to save the country. This is the quote attributed to Napoleon that I mentioned earlier, which was not only posted by Trump, but by the official White House account. Just in case they just in case we weren't sure if they really meant it. Of course, actions speak louder than words and there were plenty of those two last weekend. Trump and Elon continued to carry out legally dubious mass firings of nonpolitical federal workers charged with frivolous jobs like keeping our nuclear weapons secure and making sure it's safe for us to fly.


And in case you find it troubling, the two brain rotted billionaires are destroying the government. We pay for. Take it up with Fox and Friends Brian Kme. Why Does the media have such a hard time believing that two powerful, successful, handsome men could work together with one objective? It's happened before and America accepted it. Remember, for example, lethal Weapon four separate times. Mel Gibson. Danny Glover, watch, This is not the biggest problem here at all. But does he, does Brian Kme think that that Trump and Elan are hot? I how do you wake up and look at yourself in the mirror and then go to work and be like, I gotta do, I gotta read this today. It's just the lethal weapon. Like Our, our our guy Jesse Waters, he says the absurd thing with like enough of a wink that, you know, he knows he's full of shit, but enough of his audience Yes.


Takes it literally that he can like all, he doesn't pull it off, but like, he kill me. Does did not pull that off. Nope. That was just like, is this guy to get hit in head with a hammer before this part? Like, what happened here? What's he talking about? No, it's just, it's just regime media. That's what it is. Now Did you see all the Twitter sleuths? Who found that? Yeah. Elon is a big Napoleon fan and is tweeted about it all the time. Oh, I Did see that. They think that's where this came from. I mean, it's fucking nuts. They're trolling, right? They want us to react, they want us to freak out, but we should. Well, and it's also, we don't want Napoleon. It's again, if, you know, watch what he's, watch what he does, not what he says. If he wasn't acting in that manner, it would be one thing, right? It would be a troll. But he's trying to break the law.


Now. Look, I will say on all the, on the Doge stuff and all the cases that are going through the courts right now, the Justice Department, the Trump Justice Department is in their filings basically saying like, yeah, we're gonna follow the rules, we're gonna follow the laws here, whatever the court decides. That's great. So they are, they are so far abiding by the law in their filings. I think the shit hits the fan when, you know, a Supreme Court ruling comes down that Trump doesn't like. Correct. And then we'll then we'll see if he still abides by the Napoleon quote that he's stealing. Let's talk about the firings. Maybe you think these workers are just paper pushing bureaucrats or lefty political hacks or just people who weren't needed or, or doing a good job?


Nope. They fired hundreds of workers at the Federal Aviation Administration over the weekend. The FAA, including people responsible for radar landing and navigational aid maintenance. That's according to the ap. Trump and Elon have also fired more than 5,000 employees at our health agencies, according to Forbes, including people who run Medicare, Medicaid, and the Department of Veterans Affairs. More than 3000 people at the Forest Service and political reports that quote, fire safety projects are already frozen and being canceled all over the west. And maybe the most telling news. Trump and Elon fired about 300 employees at the National Nuclear Security Administration, which oversees the assembly, storage and testing of our nuclear weapons.


About 30% of the layoffs were at the pantex plant in Texas, which is where warheads are actually assembled. So That's the bad part of the, That's the bad part. Yeah. You don't want That part. That's, you wanna keep eyes on warheads. You want someone to be watching the warheads. Let's go. For sure. So this happened on Thursday evening and a lot of the workers didn't even know they'd been fired until they showed up at work the next morning and couldn't get in. But here's the worst part. The, there's actually a worst part. The Guy who brought a new comb to work on it after hours couldn't, Couldn't, no, we can't get back in. Yeah. So once the absolute fucking morons in charge of our government realized that maybe they shouldn't have fired the people who oversee our nukes, the Trump folks tried to rehire them, but according to NBC quote, struggled to find them because they didn't have their new contact information and they had completely deleted all of their email accounts and information.


That's so crazy. What are we Doing? I mean, I'm no pollster, but I have a feeling that the voter support for a more efficient government doesn't extend to the mass firing of the people in charge of our nukes and our air travel. But I don't know, what do you think? Yeah, I mean, these are not people working on silly sounding U-S-A-I-D projects overseas people. The NNSA, that's a, that's a serious organization. I mean, also firing FAA officials in the wake of all of these plane crashes just seem nuts. And it, it feel, it does feel like Trump is, is kind of playing with fire here. And the question is, do these stories get to people before something bad happens?


Right? Is, is this Delta crash in Toronto gonna change the TikTok algorithm so that the Chinese think we all wanna be fed FAA news and maybe people will hear about this and be like, what are you doing? Or does something really bad have to happen? I I, I hope it's not the Latter. I mean, we need to, everyone's always wondering like, what can I do? What can I do? Tell people these stories, right? Like I, you know, I feel like Twitter is now just like pissing in the ocean posting on Twitter because it's like a right wing hellscape. Yeah. But there's still journalists there. So I keep doing it and I started like posting some of this on Instagram. Oh, look at you. Which I'm just like cross platform, any platform that's there. Like go fucking tell all your friends about this LinkedIn because it's not, first of all, I mean like the press is already struggling for some of the reasons we just mentioned and just larger financial, structural reasons that we've talked about for years.


And also, even if they weren't struggling with all that, there's just so much of this happening. Like you can miss the news for half a day and suddenly realize that oh yeah, the nuclear weapons people were fired and also FAA people were fired. Nope. There was another plane crash. Like it just is happening so fast and there's so much of it that I think it's really hard to keep up with. I agree. But like, Can I, can I give you my, my really pessimistic version of how this would go and Sure. The one that makes me scared is there's a worst case scenario, something catastrophic happens and then there's the, the thing I worry about is government, They, DEI Government services just get shittier and shittier and shittier. And in some cases it's small. Like you go to a national park and the bathroom is disgusting 'cause they fired all the people who maintained it.


And then there's really, really, really bad things. But won't be like national news. Like a veteran will call the VA suicide hotline and it won't be sufficiently staffed That happened. Right. Or Like the bird flu explodes and we're not monitoring it. But my fear is people have such little faith in government that it might fold into those preexisting feelings and angers at the government that Trump kind of exploited in the first place. Rather than lead them to think, oh, actually this guy's making it worse. Let's course correct. That's my f my pessimistic fear In. So my pessimistic fear, I'll give you mine, is that I think when, when, when government services that people count on break down, they will wanna blame someone.


I think Trump and Elon and the Doge bags and all the rest of 'em have become very skilled at just blaming Democrats, right? And even though Democrats don't control everything, there's always some deep state puppet somewhere that they haven't gotten rid of that they can blame. There's always a democratic governor somewhere, or democratic mayor or a Democratic or Joe Biden or Joe Biden, right. That they can blame. So they will, bad things will happen. And I worry that they will continue to blame whoever they can who's not them. Because there, I think there will be anger when a lot of this stuff happens. And you're already, and look, there's, there's already stories about federal workers, which Trump and Elon and everyone assume are all like big Libs.


And there's some who, you know, because federal workers aren't just in dc they're in every state in the country. And there's like this one guy from Kentucky who like posted on Facebook or LinkedIn or whatever it was like, I voted for Trump three times and I just had a great performance report. I've been at this agency forever. I'm, I'm trying to help people out and I can't believe that this president that I trusted would just fire me for no apparent reason. That's the thing. It's like there's no, it's not like these people are getting notices that are like, Hey, we have decided to reduce the federal government and we have decided to get rid of parts of different agencies that we don't need. And so in 30 days we won't, you won't be needed anymore. And here's severance. And then it gives the agency time to make sure, oh, was that person providing critical services?


If so, we gotta have someone else cover that, right? And do No, no, no. It's like middle of the night one, one woman said that she's pregnant, she's six months pregnant and she was one month away from leaving her probationary period. By the way, all these firings were probationary employees. And what that means is if you've only been a federal employee for a year, you don't have the same civil service protections that others have. So they went after the probationary employees first. That's 10% of the federal workforce. Now you might think, okay, well that's just someone who's new anyway, so maybe they didn't have a big job. Some of the probationary employees are probationary because they move from another job within the federal government. So some of these people are extremely senior and have been there a long time, but just because they moved.


But of course Trump and Elon, they don't know any of that, right? Yeah. So this woman is six months pregnant and was one month away from be from having civil service protections. And at 1230 in the morning, she was just alerted that she wouldn't be working at the FAA anymore. Jesus. Where she was helping, helping protect our safety. Doge first ask questions later, they, they also, they they talk about government employees like they're subhuman. Yes. Welcome. Well, you know, and it's really Russ Vote said in that video that he wants to make them feel traumatized when they come to work. And that is what they're doing. Like they did this. It is not about fucking government efficiency. And I'm like, I I I am done doing the throat clearing at the beginning. No. It's like we all want an efficient government and that's what people want. But 'cause it's not that like I know the White House has a clip of us, you know, that we, we Profoundly misleading, Profoundly misleading clip of us talking about government de efficiency.


And they didn't include the part where we were saying that this is not government, it's illegal And unconstitutional. No, I look, I just, everyone just pause and think about what it means long term. When you make every US government job miserable and no one wants to do it and they hate working there, you're gonna get bad people to provide crucial services. And we're just losing decades, centuries of expertise and experience in complicated matters. And it's just to say it's all bureaucracy and efficiency and dozing is so stupid and simple.


PO of America is brought to you by Lumen. Did you know that when your metabolism is working properly, you will feel all the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. Lumen is a valuable tool that can give you insights to create a healthy metabolism for your body. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on with your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. The cool thing about Lumen is you can use it in a bunch of different times. If you could do it in the morning and just kind of get a read on the day or you can do it before and after your workout to see how you did, to see how your metabolism is cooking. Your metabolism is your body's engine, it's your how your body turns, the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going. So understanding it is important and Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to lumen.me/crooked to get 20% off your lumen. That's L-U-M-E-N me slash Crooked for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of president Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


Couple more examples before we move on 'cause it's just, it's making me so angry. They laid off energy department staff who handled homeowners electricity bills. So there's no one to take the money that keeps people's lights on the FDA lot of food. You like your food inspected for safety. Well, a lot of lot of cuts at the FDA women are being turned away from domestic violence shelters in West Virginia because they're all full and they've had to close those down because the funding freeze that was supposed to be unfrozen in practice really wasn't unfrozen. Yeah. All but two employees in one state who headed up an agriculture program that was assisting poor rural communities. These are all Trump voters that are getting cut now. And then the reason you don't, you know that it's not about government efficiency or like making governments smarter, whatever the IRS cuts, and we're gonna talk more about the IRS in a second, but Joe Biden hired all these extra IRS agents because all these rich tax sheets were getting away with not paying their taxes.


And the IRS didn't have enough staff to do it. So they did it. They started collecting billions more in revenue from rich people who were trying to cheat on their taxes and they're laying all these people off. Right. The amount of money it costs to hire the IRS agents is paid for five times over right by the revenue they're collecting from the rich tax tax Sheets. Yeah. So it's not, it has nothing to do with efficiency. No. In addition to the mass firings, the doge bags also keep trying to gain access to government systems and databases so sensitive that only a small number of career civil servants have ever been allowed to handle them. We saw this play out at Treasury, now it's playing out at the IRS where Gavin Kliger, who is the Doge guy who's retweeted white nationalist Nick Fuentes is apparently about to get access to his system called the Integrated Data Retrieval System or IDRS, which includes all of our tax returns and bank account information.


It is so sensitive that even IRS commissioners, the people who run the IRS haven't been able to access the IDRS. It's apparently this initiative, which is being laid out in a memorandum of understanding that isn't finalized yet, rests with just two people. A Doge employee, which appears to be Kliger and an IRS employee. What, what is the administration saying is the justification for this? I mean, they're saying waste, fraud and abuse have been deeply entrenched in our broken system for far too long. It takes direct access to the system to identify and fix it. So does this mean that this one dude is gonna be like inspector of the entire country's tax information and go through all our personal stuff and compare it to other records and I guess somehow find waste, fraud and abuse that they will then highlight.


And I'm sure a very fair, honest way is that what's happening here because what, what is one person gonna do with all this access? I mean, and again, just like the Justice Department, we've talked about Cash Patel, the FBI, the Justice Department, one way they can get revenge on people. They don't like us, of course, you know, criminal investigations. The IRS is how I do it. IS is another big one. Right. And, and it has been used in the past in our country to go after people. So now we're giving this random fucking guy who likes Nick Fuentes access to all of our bank information and our private tax returns. Well, and also we just know Elon Musk has just been tweeting lie after lie, misleading information. He's pretending like, you know, the Doge people are, are finding all sorts of line items and government spending that seems silly when it's all just been sitting on a public website.


Yes. They're just mining public data and using it to further their doge agenda, which is not about transparency or efficiency, it's about just destroying the US government. Democrats are trying to make noise about this Congressman Jimmy Gomez, who sits on ways and means called it a five alarm warning. Elizabeth Warren and Ron Wyden wrote a sternly worded letter to the acting IRS commissioner about it. How do you feel about this? Like, are are the tweets and letters enough? I appreciate them. I'm glad that they are fighting. But like, doesn't it, and I know I I have said that Democrats have limited power. We do. That's just the reality of the situation right now. But it does feel like we should be making more noise. Yeah. I don't know what the tactic is, but I do think this area is eye catching and scary.


I mean, personal tax information. Why does this go need to, to have that? Why is this little, you know, white nationalist loving Doge employee need to know my bank account and routing number? I think that's very scary. I think it's also, you know, you can tell a broader story about firing all these IRS people that are just there to audit the richest people in the country and make them pay their taxes. So I'd I'd really lean into this one because I think it will land in a way that I, I I wish this weren't the case, but like talking about U-S-A-I-D cuts just does not. Yeah. And also, I mean, we've said this and and we've seen this throughout history when there's a government shutdown and government services are cut off, people get mad.


And, and it's always true that the, the party in control of the White House that shuts down the, or, you know, the party responsible for the shutdown ends up getting blamed by the public and stories about the national parks and food safety and all this other kinda stuff like that resonates with people. And I do think lifting up the stories of both the workers and the services that are cut and the benefits that could be cut and the, and the safety and security that's being put in jeopardy. Like that should be like the, the top, top priority for Democrats. And they should be telling the stories everywhere they can on every medium they can on every show. They can go on Fox, go on anywhere like, you know, hold events with some of the people who've been affected by the cuts and services, some of the people who've lost their jobs.


People, people who are losing their jobs in the federal government. Who, and, and the excuses. You've had poor performance. And they're like, what do you mean I have poor performance? This is my first day on the job. Right? And you just cut it. And then some people had excellent performance reports and they've been told that they have poor, like there's, they're lying. There's just no rhyme or reason to This. They're just making it up. They're just firing people. Remember when it was a national story that the Obama administration suspended White House tours? Yes. During a big budget fight. Like you, you can, you can make people care about this Stuff. Yeah. I just think that they, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if it's the tone. I dunno if it's the style, but like they really just gotta be out there and, and and and be louder. Be louder Maybe. Like, look, the protest and attempt to enter the U-S-A-I-D building was I think a, a good idea and maybe run it back at the IRS.


Yeah. And just do the execution a little Better. Yeah. It's time to get a little creative, I think. All right. One more purge. We should talk about this one happening at the Department of Justice. So obviously they were trying to purge DOJ prosecutors who were involved in some way into the January 6th prosecutions, But now we got a whole nother scandal here. Just got kicked up a notch thanks to the case against New York Mayor Eric Adams. As you all probably know last fall, Adams was charged with taking millions of dollars in bribes and illegal campaign donations from the Turkish government in exchange for allowing a Manhattan skyscraper to open without a fire inspection. Trump said at the time that he thought Adams was getting a raw deal because of his views on immigration. Adams then attended the inauguration and met with Trump on Monday of last week.


Emil Bove, the Acting Deputy Attorney General, who you may remember, is Trump's defense attorney in the hush money case ordered federal prosecutors in Manhattan to drop Adam's case based on the argument that his bribery trial would interfere with his efforts to help carry out Trump's mass deportations in New York. The prosecutors refused. And on Wednesday, the acting US attorney at S-D-N-Y-A Trump appointee who clerked for Antonin Scalia resigned a number of her colleagues then resigned as well, including the lead prosecutor on the case who wrote in his resignation letter that the move was an illegal effort to influence Adams. And quote, I expect you will eventually find someone who is enough of a fool or enough of a coward to file your motion.


But it was never going to be me. On Friday night, Bove gathered the attorneys from DOJs Public Integrity Unit and gave them one hour to figure out who would sign the dismissal motion or that they would all be fired. Eventually one senior attorney agreed to do it, to spare his colleagues. A few hours before we recorded four of Adams' remaining staffers resigned in protest. And in case the quid pro quo between the Trump administration and Adams wasn't clear, here's a clip of Border czar Tom Holman on Fox and Friends sitting next to Adams in a joint interview. If he doesn't come through, I'll be back in New York City. Right. And we won't be sitting on the couch. I'll be in his office, up his, up his butt saying, where the hell is the agreement we came to? So, right. What a fucking embarrassment when pressed about this home and said he and Adams were talking cop to cop, and that the press was making too much of it.


What do you think? Would you say it's good for democracy that the president of the United States essentially owns the mayor of our largest city? It's a Real bold move to shake down the DOJ Public Integrity Unit. You know, I mean that Yeah. And I I it's real, I should have mentioned Chef's Kiss. I should have mentioned that in the, in the prompt. But it was, there's two sets of resignations here. There's one at SDNY in the Southern District of New York. York. And the woman who was running SDNY, she was a Trump appointee. She had just risen to the ranks. Very risen. Yeah. To the top of the ranks at SDNY. Again, clerked for Scalia Federalist Society member. So this isn't some like liberal squish and the fact that she finally gets this a dream job, what I only assume as a dream job. Yeah. And then resigns because it's this bad.


Yeah. I I think everyone saw this play coming. This pardon coming. 'cause Eric Adams started kissing Trump's ass flew down to Mar-a-Lago. You just made a fool of himself. But the way this was structured so that Trump can essentially rescind the pardon if Adams gets out of line is brazen even for Trump, I think. Yeah. Well, and that's, and it's not so it's not even technically a pardon. Right, right. It's like it's dismissed without prejudice. They could have gone with a pardon or dismissed with prejudice, meaning they couldn't refile the charges. But the, obviously the reason they don't want to do that is because if Adams doesn't do what Trump says, they will charge him again. They'll go back. So now Trump owns the mayor of the largest city in the country.


You can say, parrot my talking points, or you're going to jail because it, it sounds like Eric Adams, they, the DOJ, the US Attorney's Office, they have him dead to rights. Yep. You know, they spell out some of the, their feelings on the evidence in, in these resignation letters. And I do think it's worth emphasizing no one is defending this. Right, Right. No, it's, you, you Have all these wild conservatives at, you know, the US Attorney's office at DOJ, the, these, these resignations for these people could be career ending. You know, th this is like the pinnacle of achievement for them. Like being the US attorney in some of these New York offices is a huge deal. You see huge cases. You try huge cases and they're walking away from it.


And on top of that, I mean, for New York City deputy mayors are resigning that, like in the short term, that is going to severely impact the management of the biggest city in the country. There's eight total deputy mayors, four of them are now gone. And this is coming after a wave of disruption and resignations and dysfunction during the investigation of Adams. So it is really, it's like a disaster for New York City, like one on top of the other. Also. And I, you would think that the resignation of those four deputies to Adams would put more pressure on Governor Kathy Hoel, who by the way, has the authority to remove Eric Adams.


And the fact that she hasn't yet is baffling to me. Me too. But I mean, it feels like it's gonna happen. Right. Every Democrat's kinda lined up saying, Should, and, and you get all these resignations. Right. I will say though, when we were just talking about collective action problems and people being afraid to step up, like Danielle Suso, who was the prosecutor that was running SDNY that resigned, and then Hagan Scott Hagan Scott, I mean that, if that name doesn't sound like a, a conservative to you, this guy, this guy was graduated top of his class. Harvard Law is a, won two bronze stars in Iraq and clerked for not just Roberts, but Kavanaugh Solid. Yeah. Sounds, That's the guy who conservative. Like you'll find a fool. You know, you'll eventually find someone who's enough of a fool or a coward to file your motion.


But it's never gonna be me. Like those two stepping up is, I'd like to see a little more of that from, it's courageous. Some people, you know, who are Republicans in Congress who just aren't doing anything, are basically, like they, Ezra Klein had a great column over the weekend. He called them NPCs non-player characters. Yep. The whole Congress Republicans have just decided like, no, we're not gonna do anything. They're NPCs. Yeah. I mean, they're, bill Cassie put out a, a statement about Tulsi Gabbard nomination, why he was voting for her. They basically said Donald Trump nominated her. Thus I will vote for her just given up his power. But yeah, this is an area where I agree with you, I'd like to see Republicans doing more, but I think Democrats do have some power here. Like Holl should remove Adams. Yeah. Hopefully that happens in, in the near term. That might be mean that Andrew Cuomo's back in our lives. And that's, you know, tough from another perspective, but Someone else.


Right. It's a big city. You guys don't have more people in New York to run for office. There's a scenario here where this is such an overreach that it weakens Trump. And I think Democrats in New York have to help us get to that Yes Point. Well, you heard, I mean, Trump's like, I don't know anything about this. And, and then Bove was trying to walk back the initial, he was like, this isn't a quid pro quo. It's like the original memo says that, oh, he can't stand trial because then he can't help enforce President Trump's immigration policies. I mean, it's like, of course it's a fucking quid pro Quo. It's nonsense. It's, it's an obvious quid pro quo. Can I read you a, a headline? Yeah. That you might like. Jan six rioters argue pardons apply to charges including murder, plot, child porn. Defendants argue that Trump pardons should absolve them of additional crimes, some discovered during investigations of the Capitol Riot.


So, That's right. That's right. Trump. Donald Trump has let out of jail. People who've tried to commit homicide, who were plotted to commit homicide, he had a kill list. And sexual predators. This guy, or child, child sexual predators. One of these guys had a kill, a literal kill list Coming to a community near you thanks to Donald Trump. Yeah. 'cause he wanted to pardon his Jan, six buddies. And we got, you know, people who, you know, getting caught up with the law, with child porn and, and plotting murders. Those are the kinds of people that Donald Trump is releasing into your communities. Maga maga. All right. When we get back from the break, you're gonna hear Tommy's interview with Stephen A Smith about why he thinks we're also wrong and whether he's gonna run for president himself. Two quick things before we do that. If you're an offline fan, heads up starting this week.


You'll find new episodes of the show in your feed every Thursday or on a Thursday, changing Nice. Instead of every Sunday. 'cause you know, we have the, the Special Pod Save America every other Sunday now that we're doing the interview. Right, right. And so now we're trying to move offline to Thursday. That means your, your Parasocial relationship with me and Max just got a new time slot. You can catch new episodes of offline every Thursday, wherever you get your podcasts. And on YouTube also, a reminder, the best way to support our work is to Subscribe to Friends of the Pod. You'll get 25% off new annual subscriptions now through Saturday, February 22nd. If you're a monthly subscriber, upgrading is quick and easy. Just visit crook.com/friends or subscribe through the Pod Save America Apple Feed. You get all kinds of stuff. You get access to the Fantastic Discord community of all of our subscribers who are always just talking and debating and leaning on each other, and just a wonderful community of subscribers.


You also can listen to ad free episodes of Pod Save America, which is awesome. You get Dan's polar coaster show, which is fantastic. Terminally Online, which is the funniest show that we do here at Crooked. So check it out crooked.com/friends when we come back. Stephen, A


Pod Save America is brought to you by Haya. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy additives growing kids should never eat. That's why Haya created a superpowered chewable vitamin. It's made with zero sugar and zero gummy additives, and it tastes great. It's perfect for picky eaters. Formulated. With the help of pediatricians and nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals to help support immune system energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free, nut free. Everything else you can imagine, Haya is designed for kids to and up and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Charlie has been taking high vitamins, big hi for a while. And you know what? He's a picky eater. And also sugar too much. So high is perfect because they're not sugary. But these tastes good. Yeah. And are you tired of battling with your kids to eat their greens? Yes, I am. HIA now has Kids Daily Greens plus Superfoods, a chocolate flavored greens powder designed specifically for kids, packed with 55 plus whole food ingredients to support brain power development and digestion. Just scoop, shake and sip with milk or any non-dairy beverage for a delicious and nutritious boost. Your kids will actually enjoy. We've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order to claim this deal. You must go to hia health.com/crooked. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go to HIYA h.com/crooked and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


My guest today is a commentator at ESPN, the host of the Stephen A Smith Show, and arguably the greatest sports debater of all time. Stephen A Smith. What's going on, man? How you doing? How's everything? It's good. Thank you so much for doing this. I'm a big fan, have been for a very long time, so this is exciting and fun for me. Thank you. Let's just get right into it. There's been a lot of chatter about you potentially running for president in 2028, and you've had to kind of tell folks to pump the brakes a bit. If I could briefly sum up what I think your position is, it's that, you know, the process of running sucks. You don't want to go through it, but if drafted to serve you would be open to it. Is that fair? I think it's fair. I don't have any desire to do it.


I don't, I have no desire to be a politician whatsoever. But if the country was in a bad place, and you told me that somehow, some way that I'm favored to win an election and be the president of the United States, I don't think anybody could. Samari would summarily dismiss that personally, because we all live in this country and we all understand what comes with it. And as much of a headache as it would be, as stressful as it would be, as much of a compromise it could potentially be to my quality of life. Make no mistake about it. What kind of quality do we really have? If the country sucks, if it's just in a very, very bad place with, with with no reprieve in sight whatsoever. So again, for me personally, with what I have going on in my life with how happy I am with the fact that I'm more interested in re remaining a pundit and a commentator rather than a politician, those things still stand.


I'm very authentic in saying that. I have no desire to be a politician whatsoever. But my God, if you came to me and said, listen, there is nobody else, and America is clamoring for you, which I sincerely doubt would ever happen. But if that were to happen, would I give it strong consideration? I won't lie. Yes, I would. I would give it strong consideration. Oh, I love that you're talking about politics all the time now, because you are a, a blunt, candid guy. You tell it how it is and especially when it comes to Democratic party, because we're all trying to figure out what happened. Yeah. Why we lost to Trump a second time. Sometimes I think that Democrats like myself we're too close to the issue. We overthink shit. We read too many polls and focus groups and miss the big picture. So big picture in your mind, like what is this simplest explanation for why Democrats lost, Forgot about you, you forgot about what got you here.


Black folks got you here, Hispanics got you here. The working class got you here. The most egregious thing that you could say about the Democratic Party right now is that the Republican Party seems to be more identifiable with the working class than the Democrats. Who would've ever thought in our wildest dreams that anybody would be able to get away with seeing that. Remember, a lot of times people that are in the know, that are highly, highly knowledgeable about the intricacies that involve politics, they lean on that. They keep forgetting. The voters don't know what they know. The voters live on perception. Whatever issue touches them is what touches them. And that decides who they're going to vote for or whether they'll vote at all.


And a lot of people don't. Don't get that. I, I, I laugh when folks try to challenge my knowledge of the intricacies of politics. I'm like, you're clearly not listening. I tell you all the time, I don't study it like that. I read the newspaper, I watch news, I'm a conscientious observer, but I'm not entrenched in it the way somebody that lives it every day would be, but I'm an American citizen and I'm a voter and I'm watching what's going on in the streets of America, and I'm telling you certain things ain't gonna work. When you looked at the, the Democratic Party, certainly there's probably policies that they've pushed forth and, and, and battles that they have fought that would've benefited working class Americans.


But that ain't what they were talking about. They were talking about L-G-B-T-Q. They were talking about transgender rights specifically. They were acting as if there was no problem at the borders involving illegal immigration. Nobody was believing that. Because if you travel, if you, if you see footage of the streets of America, you're like, what's going on? It wasn't just Fox News, it was everybody, A, B, CN, B-C-C-B-S. Everybody was talking about the border when there was crimes in the streets and people were being let out the same day that they were getting arrested. But everybody was talking about that when you had stores that were allowing three people in it at a time because they were afraid they were gonna get robbed and the repercussions weren't severe enough.


So there was a level of fearlessness that the lawless in our communities were, you know, that they possessed. People were talking about that and the Democrats were talking about something else. And so when you look at it from that standpoint, you just said to the, you just say to yourself, they really, really forgot. They forgot what got them here. What made them so popular? What got Clinton in office? What got Barack Obama in office? Hell, to some degree. What got Jimmy Carter in office before Reagan arrived. They forgot all of these things. And to forget that against Donald Trump, of all people who's claiming elections are rigged, who's calling y'all crooks, who are saying that y'all are nasty, evil people, questioning how duplicitous you can be, how corrupt you can be, even while he's getting impeached, even while he is being convicted of felonies.


All of this stuff. And y'all just ignored it. Not you, I'm not talking about you, Tommy, but I'm just saying the de the Democratic party. It It, no, I hear you. It, It, it, it just, it it, it boggled the mind. It boggled the mind. It still does. I feel like there's two parts to the criticism part of it I agree with, which is there were some issues like the border where it wasn't just Republicans talking about concerns. It was a broader set of voters. And Democrats tried to be like, oh, that's a distraction. Actually, we should be talking about this thing. It didn't speak to those fears. I think Joe Biden got there late when he did what? He supported this bipartisan bill in the Senate that got killed by Trump and then did a bunch of executive orders to try to shut down the border. But he got there late and people were pissed and it didn't change the perception.


But the other half of this, I think, is that Donald Trump captures attention and keeps it on himself in a way that no other precedent in history has, for better or for worse. And I think this is where I wanted your advice. 'cause you're someone you are, are incredible at crafting a narrative, making news, breaking through on social media. You've created your own, like sports media empire at a time when people were like, oh, you can't leave ESPN or, or, or like, do something on your own, right? Because you'll, because it's all about the mothership. What advice do you have for Democrats about how to get heard and reach people in this digital age? Get Trump. Like what I mean by that, Tommy is be your real, true, authentic self for better or worse, can you genuinely tell me as a person who covers this stuff for a living, that Trump surprises you?


What? No. Think about how he acts. Think about the things that he says and then he goes and he tries to do it. For better or worse, he's letting you know, I don't care. I'm not a politician, I'm not a career politician. I don't listen. The man doesn't even wanna be in a White House. Every chance he gets, he's at Mar-a-Lago. He don't even wanna be there, right? Okay. He wants to run the country from his resort for crying out loud. He might wanna use the Air Air Force one plane, okay? So he don't have to spend his own money with his gas and everything else, but he'd rather, but that's about it. The man wants to be where he wants to be. He wants to do what he wants to do. He wants to show you every chance he gets that he is nothing like the career politicians.


He is nothing like what you have witnessed for decades on Capitol Hill. He says, Capitol Hill needs to be purged. What is he doing? He's trying to purge Capitol Hill. You understand? Meanwhile, we had Kamala Harris, Ms. Prim and Proper tries to say the right things, listening to her party, talk to her about this is the way to go over the last 107 days to win an election, et cetera. And guess what? It wasn't resonating. You go on the view and the view says, is there anything, anything at all about Joe Biden that you would do differently, that you would change?


And she looked into the cameras and said, I, I, I can't think of any, what, what I mean, are you, are you kidding me? I mean, you, you can't do that because it's not just about your answer. It's about the believability factor. You see, even when Trump is lying, you believe that he believes what he's saying and what he says he's going to do, even if he's lying to himself. You see what I'm saying? You look it up. Look, look, look, man, you, you, you can't just eradicate departments like that. You can't just violate civil liberties. Like you can't just sit up there and make your own rules and subvert the constitution and try to get a third term in office, whatever.


But who doubts he's gonna try? Who doubts that? He's gonna try to pull that off? Whatever it is that he says, there is an authenticity that comes with it in terms of how it resonates to the American people who are salty and skeptical with vile feelings towards Capitol Hill. That's where the connection happens. Well, if you are somebody on the democratic side and you feel that way, where's your vitriol? Where's shit discussed? Right? Where I think that that's right Aversion to the, to, to the status quo and what you aim to do about it.


That's what people wanna see. And, and you're right. I mean, he, his message is burned it all down and he somehow gets a pass for having been in charge for four years when all the problems he's complaining about now still existed. But de Democrats were boring. We're the NBA skills competition where Webe iss cheating while Trump is the, the USA Canada hockey game where there's three fights in 10 seconds and you can't look away. And like, I, I just, I don't know how to compete with that. We don't have a leader who can compete with that. We don't have a party that can compete with that. We don't have a message that can compete. But why compete With that? But tell why you don't have, you can't compete with that and you don't have that. I'm not talking about you specifically. Of course I know, I know about Democratic Party. You don't know that. And you can't compete with that. For the biggest reason of all, because y'all are too busy trying to pick candidates for the American people.


Instead of listening to the American people tell you who they want. The last Democrat that the American people told you they wanted was Barack Obama. Hillary Clinton, it's her turn. Bernie Sanders had momentum. It's Hillary's turn. Joe Biden captured momentum because Representative Clyburn got involved in South Carolina, saved his behind, but it's really, really his turn. Okay? He has no business running for reelection, but everybody went for it. Knowing he was supposed to be transitional. He was gonna be 81 years of age. Then you sit up there, he doesn't have a primary, then he goes on the debate stage, embarrasses himself. Then y'all still let him take three damn weeks to walk away instead of getting the hell out there immediately.


So you could see if there's somebody other than Kamala Harris who could be the Democratic nominee, then she gets the nomination and everybody wants to act like she's the rock star. All of y'all want it all along. Oh my God. Let's throw off our hands and let's just say, hey, she is the one when you know good and damn well that wasn't the truth. Meanwhile, Trump has been around since 2015. They had Christie, they had uch, they had caller, was it Fi I believe her name is. Yep. You had later on you had DeSantis, you had Nikki Haley, you had Ramas Swami, you had all of these people. It didn't matter. You, we went through law, fear and all this stuff. It didn't matter. They looked the public in the face and they said, we want him.


We don't care what y'all want. And forced the Republican party to capitulate to the demands, to their constituency. That's what they did. The Democrats somehow, some way have gotten away with ignoring the constituency and compelling the constituency to capitulate to what they want as a party. And that is the problem. And that's why I said, yeah, it all needs to go. Some of those candidates need to go the, the, the, the pundits, the strategists. They need to go. Whoever was involved with the latest election from a strategy standpoint, every one of them should be fired.


Every one of 'em We're cleaning house, clean house. I, I would look, I I think Joe Biden running for reelection was a catastrophic mistake. We, we will not recover from it for a long time. And I completely agree with you there, but I, I mean, I want your thoughts on this. Donald Trump is using sports in a really smart way politically. I think he, he went to college football games and UFC fights during the campaign. He went to the Super Bowl. He did a loop around the track of the Daytona 500 in his limo over the weekend. It feels like he's creating a bond with these audiences that, that Democrats don't have. But how do you think Democrats can be a part of that conversation? I can't think of anyone who would go to a, to a, a game like, except for Barack Obama going to NBA games. 'cause he genuinely loved the sport.


But like, who else? This is why I'm a candidate. I don't wanna be, and that's why I am one, because you see, I wouldn't go to the day total, the 500, but I'd have been at the Super Bowl. I said I'd have been at the hockey All Star game. I'd been at NBA Allstar weekend. I'd, I'd be at the World Series, I'd be at at allstar weekend for the, for baseball. I mean the, lets go. I'd be at a boxing match. I'd be at a UFC match, et cetera, et cetera. The point is, you are a politician. You are supposed to be able to do what the people want you to do as a politician. See, this is, this is just, I, you are giving me damning evidence. I didn't even think about, I didn't even think about it until you brought it up.


I'm going like this. Wait a minute. Aren't they politicians, isn't it their job to recognize and notice what their constituency finds appealing and cater to that? But isn't it? But lemme tell you, if, if Obama went to the Super Bowl, Fox News would be like, how dare he? This cost $10 million. He put secret service there. Like they didn't go After. Nope. That doesn't work. Here's why. You don't think so, because Obama's not looking for their vote. He knows he's not getting it. You're talking about the other side and the independence. And the independence wants, right? Here's what the independence wants. 'cause I'm a registered independent. I'm not a Democrat. I'm a registered, I'll vote for a Republican in a heartbeat. I might not have voted for Trump, but I'm not averse to all conservative policies.


I have some conservative policies I support, I have a lot of liberal policies I support. But lemme Right, you don't like taxes. That's right. I don't like high taxes. I don't like high taxes. I don't like open borders. I don't like open borders. I think that those kind of things affect the economy in a negative kind of way, no matter how we try to slice it. Look at Mayor Eric Adams in New York City complaining about the billions of dollars it cost him and what it's deprived him of in terms of what he has to contribute to the system in terms of homelessness and other issues that are permeating in the city of New York City. Because why he had to spend money on the illegal immigration issue. It'd be in a sanctuary city. So all of those things come into play. But the point that I'm trying to make is this, if you're around, if you're looking at somebody and you're saying to yourself, what is it gonna take?


How can we find that candidate? The first order of business is finding a candidate that recognizes the importance of appealing to not only his own constituency, but those who are undecided and playing to win. If, if you are a centrist, what you're saying is, I'm willing to compromise. I'm willing to walk across the aisle and work with people. I'm not interested in all of this chaos. If it has to get chaotic, so be it. But that's not the objective. That's not the goal. We are Americans. We can come together, we can work together. Don't look at black, white, Latino, Asian, you know, whatever the case may be. Don't look at all of that stuff and think that that's a license to dismiss and alienate others just because they don't look nor feel like you do.


You might have a shot at convincing them. If you talk to them, you could go to them and talk to them about what their desires are, what they wish for their communities, what's the kind of thing that plagues their community and how we can alleviate those concerns. That's your responsibility. And see, to me, I'm sitting there again, I have no desire to be in politics. Zero. My life is pretty good. My life is pretty damn good. But guess what? I'm looking at it and I'm saying this isn't hard. This isn't hard. I'm talking about compared to the democratic candidates that you have available, well, it's not hard. Who do you like? Look at the roster. You know, Who do you like? You like Wes Moore. Josh Shapiro, you talked to them both recently, right? Like who, who's, who's on your Top five? I love, listen, I was very impressed with Josh Shapiro.


Very impressed with them. And I love me some Wes Moore. No doubt about it. Right? And if there's anybody that, but, but I would be concerned, I think that one could easily argue Trump would never have been president if Barack Obama hadn't been president. Yeah. And Barack Obama's presidency caused a white backlash. Okay? Because you had people in this country that didn't like his policies, didn't like him, was walking around crying about how he's trying to indoctrinate our children just because he was speaking to elementary school kids and stuff. Just ridiculous stuff that people came up with, right? Which was far beyond the pill. No excuse for okay.


But people were really feeling like their way of life was being compromised because again, they didn't know everything that he was doing. They were going by what they were being told by the other side. And then here comes Trump saying, we gonna purge this whole system. We gonna throw this all aside because these folks ain't strong enough, ain't good enough. Remember Jeb Bush, low energy, Marco Rubio, small hands and all of this other stuff. Little Marco and stuff like that, you know, Kini and you know, she's this or that, or Doug or Chris Christie and getting on him. We saw Kasik. I thought I was a huge fan of Kasic. But guess what? He wasn't resonating with the constituency out there. So they, their side chose who their side chose.


You don't get an opportunity to do that as Democrats because they pick who they want exposed. Instead of saying, let's put everybody out there and see who the constituency gravitates towards. That's the problem. And that's the real reason why somebody like little old me is polling, which makes no damn sense whatsoever. It's embarrassing. It's embarrassing. It really is. It makes sense to me. I like it. I think it's Good embarrassed. It's a democratic party. It really should. Well, Look, I listen. I, I hear on one level. Sure. But I also, I, I think I'm with you. I think primaries are good. I think the rubber meets the road in primaries in that, you know, you could do polling all you want, but until you actually ask people to vote for someone, then you don't really know who they support.


But lemme talk about Trump's actions so far. Okay? I mean, I I saw you say Elon Musk is a problem. Do you think he's, Trump is overreaching, is he doing things that might offend those moderates? Or are those moderates just not even hearing about the details and they're hearing like of, oh, he's of course, Of course overreaching. Of course he's overreaching. But why is he overreaching? Because he has the license and the mandate to do so. Because you see on the left, you've got Democrats saying there's no mandate. He didn't receive 50% of the vote. Are you kidding me? He won 49.8% of the vote. He had over 77 million people vote for him. He beat you by nearly 3 million votes. If you're the Democratic party, he beat you by over 3 million, nearly 3 million votes.


Okay? He won every swing state. He went up in 50 different counties across the country, didn't drop in any of them. And oh, by the way, the black vote, the Latino vote in the young vote, he basically got an increase in, in, in that regard. You look at all of those different things in a blue state, like New York City that in, in, in, in 2016, I think it was Hillary, she got like 62% of the vote. In New York City, it was like 53%. For Biden it was 37%. In this particular situation. For, for for Trump, you got 37%. What are you talking about? You listening to these people and you're saying Trump, there's no mandate. No, he does have a mandate. And because he has that, he's pushing the envelope.


And why is he pushing the envelope? Because he knows something that Democrats better pick up on. Democrats are strongest usually during the national election, during those midterms, most of the time Republicans are seen as going to the polls more so than Democrats. If Trump can somehow some way win the midterms, he'll be able to do whatever the hell he wants because they'll get even more seats in the Senate and the house come midterm elections. He sees this, he knows exactly what he's doing and he's pushing the envelope because he knows he has the Republican scared shitless to go against him.


So as a result, do whatever I want to do right now, I think this is gonna win me additional seats for the party in the midterms. Which is why he was talking about Gavin Newsom, the way that he was talking about Gavin Newsom. Because for the first time in a while, they sense they can take California, they can, they can shift, they can turn it into, if not red, turn it into at least a purple state. You understand? Do something. Yeah. He's sensing all of this and he sees an opportunity and that's what's going on. So I'm not surprised by what he's doing at all. It's perfectly understandable. And most people in that position of power, if they have an agenda, they will go to whatever extinct necessary to do that. Remember Barack Obama in 20, I think it was 2012, he set up there and set the American people, not just 28, 2008, 2012.


Two said, the American people have spoken, they elected us, right? And oh, by the way, we don't need Congress to get everything we want done. Barack Obama said that in 2012. How do I know that? Because Trump has sent his surrogates out to remind everybody what Obama said back in 2012. Yeah, You're right. But I mean, well, the reason he said that though, look, you're making a lot of points. I agree with, I I, I actually think Democrats have done better more recently in the midterms. And I yes, they have, have confidence that we can because we're, we're, we're now the nerds that read the newspaper and we're highly informed and we knock on doors and we go out and we vote in midterms. Whereas sort of the broader electorate that Trump brings in, which is why he kicks our ass in these presidential elections, they're more sporadic voters.


But I I, and but to your point about the mandate, like of course he has a mandate. He won the election, he won by a bigger margin than he did last time. Of course he has a mandate, I think that doesn't give you a mandate to do everything you wanna do because Obama won in 2008 with 52.9% of the vote and 365 electoral votes. And Republicans tried to block literally everything he did. So I do think there's space between, yes, Trump has a mandate, but there the suggestion, you see sometimes that Democrats shouldn't be fighting back or that were the problem for fighting back. Whether it's the wrong optics or messaging, if you know what I'm saying. Well, what I would say to you is that you are wrong. And the reason you are wrong is because never before has the Democratic party been this damaged.


This is bad, bro. 2004 was bad. We got our asses handed to us by Bush. Lost seats in Congress. But listen, but listen, John Kerry wasn't that strong, you know what I mean? He didn't, he didn't necessarily appeal that much. This was different because the reason why it's never been this bad George W. Bush for whatever it is that you want to say. The Republicans didn't really have that much of a problem with him. And if you look at America at that particular moment, we might not want it to be at, in the war in Iraq. We might not have wanted be chasing around Osama Bin Laden and all of that stuff. That might be true. But in the end, it wasn't like it is now.


How it is now is there's a president that was in, that was convicted on 34 felony counts and impeached twice back in the day. This man wouldn't have even been allowed to run for office. How do we know that to be true? Let's take into account the whole hush money trial in New York, according to the courts and according to what we've seen, Donald Trump hooked up with a porn star. Donald Trump didn't want that get out before the election. So he paid some hush money to silencer. That's it. And he was scared for that to be found out.


Think about that. That is what he was scared about before 2016 now, right? He gets convicted of 34 felony counts after being impeached twice. And he has no fear running for reelection in that short period of time. Look at how things have changed. It's not the same. It's the Democratic party's gotta wake up. It has, it has changed drastically. You know, somebody said to me, I said, I said to, I joked around 'cause I've been single all my life. And I said, I said, look man, I don't need to be running for no damn office. I've been single. I've been single all my life. I've been doing some things in my lifetime. Okay? I don't need to do that. And somebody said to me, quote, please, after Donald Trump, who cares?


What did Al Sharp? That's true. Just say, what did Al Sharpton just say about Andrew Cuomo running for the mayor's seat in New York? He said, everything's changed. 'cause Donald Trump got reelected. He said, the bar is so low. I don't even know if we can find it. The point that I'm trying to make to you is that you are dealing with a different beast. You are dealing with a different time. This is not politics as usual. And let me tell the Democratic party something else. 'cause I hope you're not one of these people. I hope you not one of those people out there wasting your time knocking on doors. I hope you're not doing that because don't work. Whoa, whoa. Yes, I am knocking on doors is good during midterm, Stephen A no, no. Here's what I mean. Stop wasting your Time. I personally knocked on doors.


It was great. I had good conversations. Listen, they got people to gimme their ballots. We delivered them. Listen To what I'm saying to you. They were, if they voted for you, they were gonna vote for you anyway. If they didn't vote for you, they weren't gonna vote for you anyway. That's what I'm saying. That's not true. I had conversations with people who were knocking vote unless I was there at their door getting them. I don't Give a damn what they told you. I'm telling you right now, be because, because the media and the platforms that we have available to us now, podcasting, YouTube shows, linear television, cable streaming, there are too many outlets to watch that influence your thinking. Don't waste your time knocking on doors. Don't do it. Stop There, dude.


Make some content. Well, listen Stephen A, this was a lot of tough love for our audience. Who doesn't always hear it. I really appreciate this. It was also, it was fun and entertaining and, and good to talk to you. And like I think like we need to emulate some of this in Democratic party. We need like you, you guys at Sports Radio, talk about the goat debate like MJ versus LeBron. We need our own version of that. Like Lincoln, Washington, Obama, Reagan, we, maybe you can help me workshop this. We get something fun, make this interesting, make this more accessible to people. Well, but I'm very grateful you came on. Let Me end it by saying this to you. Covering sports. You can have great players, right? Why would the owner not be, why would the owner not be satisfied? Because they're always looking for somebody.


Box office winning is one thing that's very, very important because obviously you went during the regular season, you went through the playoffs, you play more games, you generate more revenue because you have more games to play. But nothing beats somebody who's a box office attraction because folks walk through the turns styles if for no other reason to see him. And what I'm saying to you is I'm not talking about a bunch of manufactured audiences like you had at the DNC in Chicago. That's not what I'm talking about. Okay? I'm talking about somebody that Obama, that Obama was, for example, in 2008 where ultimately he elevated to rockstar status where no matter where he went or what he had to say, the camera was a magnet for him.


And then obviously you gotta follow through with the message and you gotta follow through with practice. All of that's true, but you got to get somebody with sizzle. You got to get somebody that when they speak, they influence minds, they influence hearts and they get people to really, really think and spin their wheels. I'm talking about not people on the left, 'cause you got them. I'm talking about the independence, I'm talking about the centrist. You gotta get somebody that can speak to that audience, that could go across the aisle and dare Republican constituency to bet against them. Because guess what? I'm better than the candidate that you have because I'm gonna look out for you better than the candidate that you have. Because that's what Trump was telling a a bunch of black folks Hispanic, what do you have to lose?


And all of this other stuff. This is what Trump did, right? He was fearless with it. Where are those Democrats? I don't see them around. That's why I'm a damn candidate because of that. It's embarrassing. I Love it. I want, I wanna make sure America understands this. I believe it is an utter embarrassment to the Democratic party that I am a candidate in people's eyes for the presidency of the United States, an indictment against them. And they need to get their act together before somebody like me or somebody else takes it real seriously and says the hell with y'all. Because the roster that I'm seeing right now, y'all don't have anything. You don't have anything that's gonna sizzle with the national orders. I love Warren Small and I love Josh Shapiro.


I think both of them got a chance. All right. But I need somebody that was national appeal and maybe it is one of them. I hope so. I really do. 'cause the Democratic party's in a bad state right now. The whole damn thing needs to be purged. I'm dead serious. They need to go those strategists, fire every damn one of them. Get rid of them. Get rid of them. They serve no purpose. Find somebody else. It's good. It's good. Tough love. We gotta step up. Stephen, A thank you so much for doing the show. I really appreciate It. Alright man, take care. That's our show for today. Thanks so much to Stephen A for coming on. Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday. Talk to everybody then.


If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.


Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Aviv, and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help. Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.