
Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter Summers here and seasonal businesses are hiring everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders. This means that people with these specific skills are in high demand and not easy to find. Whether you're hiring for one of these roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets them? ZipRecruiter? Both Mule Packers and drama camp leaders have to deal with a bunch of extremely stubborn and loud animals. That's Right. Whether you're hiring for one of these roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them? ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter uses powerful matching technology to quickly identify top talent for your job openings. Their smart technology shows you qualified candidates immediately after you post your role performing a deep dive to find the right fit. Looking for a standout candidate. ZipRecruiter enables Swift connections. Use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply feature and directly engage top prospects. We use ZipRecruiter here at Crooked Media. Helped us find great people to work here. From Mule Packers to George Packers. Yeah. How hell, Hey. There you go. There you go. Got it all. Hey, if George Packer's loading up the mule, who's writing these articles? That's what I wanna know. Try ZipRecruiter with their high speed hiring tool. See why four to five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


The new huggy snug and dry are luxuriously soft and ultra dry. How soft are we talking? Unbelievably soft, irresistibly soft. Doesn't your baby deserve a diaper that's oh so gentle on their tushy? Huggy, snug and dry helps keep them comfy, cozy and protected. Experience the unexpected softness and up to 100% leak protection. More parents choose the new huggy, snug and dry softness versus the leading premium diaper. Huggies. We got you baby.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We got a big show for you today. Later in the episode, you will hear the interview. Love it. And I did at an event with Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson earlier this week about their book, Original Sin. Might have heard of it, but we have so much news to cover before that. Trump signed a flurry of executive orders late Wednesday night, one that bans or restricts the citizens of 19 countries from entering the United States. One that bans all international students from attending Harvard, and one that orders an investigation into Joe Biden's former aide over potential actions to hide information regarding the former president's mental and physical health.


We'll get to those executive orders, but let's start with the news. They seem designed to distract from Donald Trump's third divorce, this one from his campaign, sugar daddy, his Doge bag in chief, his dark MAGA brother from another mother, Elon Musk. Great job. So yeah, You know, in case it's a lot has happened, Dan, and we're recording this Thursday afternoon. By the time you're all hearing this on Friday morning, who knows what else will have happened, but we'll just give you the quick rundown of how we got here. It all started a few days ago when Elon called Trump's economic plan, a quote, massive, outrageous pork filled Congress spending bill.


That's a quote, disgusting abomination. He then threatened to quote, fire all the politicians who support the bill in the 26 midterms. Trump was uncharacteristically quiet about this for about 48 hours until a reporter asked him about it in the Oval Office Thursday morning, and his response was worth the wait. Elon and I had a great relationship, but I'm very disappointed because Elon knew the inner workings of this bill better than almost anybody sitting here. And he only developed the problem when he found out that we're gonna have to cut the EV minted. And he never had a problem until right after he left. And he hasn't said bad about me personally, but I'm sure that'll be next.


You saw a man who was very happy when he stood behind the Oval Desk, and even with the black eye, I said, do you want a little makeup? We'll get you into the makeup. But he said, no, I don't think so. Which is interesting. He believe my administration and they love us. And then at some point they miss it so badly and some of 'em embrace it, and some of 'em actually become hostile. I don't know what it is. It's sort of Trump derangement syndrome, I guess they call it. But Elon endorsed me very strongly. He actually went up in campaign for me. I think I would've won, Susie would say I would've won Pennsylvania easily anyway.


So Trump, Trump correctly predicted that personal attacks would follow, as Elon has responded by unleashing a flurry of tweets. I think it's still going. I don't know. We had to record at some point, so who knows what's what's happening now. But so far the tweets have included, quote, without me, Trump would've lost the election quote, such ingratitude and my personal favorite, which he directed towards Republican politicians. Trump has three and a half years left as president, but I'll be around for 40 plus years. In response, Trump posted on truth social that he pushed Elon out of the White House because he was, quote, wearing thin and then threatened to terminate all of Elon's government contracts and subsidies not to be outdone.


Elon then said, I guess this is my new personal favorite. I was gonna say, I clearly wrote that line before these tweets. All right. And then Elon said that the reason Trump hasn't released the Epstein files is because Trump is in the Epstein files. And then Elon called for his impeachment and to be replaced with JD Vance. Whew. So Dan, it was just four months ago, it was February when Elon tweeted, I love Donald Trump as much as a straight man can love another man. Now they've broken up right in the middle of pride, and I am just wondering if you have thoughts on the state of male friendship in America.


Men today don't have any close friends. This is the problem. It's a classic story. Two lonely love star. People meet online, they bond quickly over shared passions like taking food and medicine away from the world's poorest people. They start spinning every moment together. They become inseparable. Almost feels like their personalities merge. But John, they move too fast too soon. And before You know it, it blows up. Maybe they moved in together too quickly, blows up, things fall apart. Next thing You know, one of 'em is calling the other one a pedophile. And here we are A, a pedophile that he says, you wouldn't have been president without me pedophile. I mean by, by moving to impeachment, Elon Musk has moved more aggressively than 99% of House Democrats on Donald Trump.


I mean, it is, I it's, it's wonderful. It is. Elon finally, after many years, has found a way to make Twitter fun again. Yeah, this was the best day on Twitter since he took it over. I think it's the best day in politics in 2025. That's what I believe. Oh, I mean, not even. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's not a lot of great ones so to choose from. But Elon also, let's say he, he, he proposed a new political party. He said, why don't we have a new political party for the 80% of, of, of people in the middle? So I guess we're, we're bringing back the innovation party. I don't think he was. That's a deep cut. It is a, for those for close readers of Axios in 2017, you would know what that was.


You know who you are. And he also hit Trump on tariffs. He quote tweeted someone saying, oh, can we admit the tariffs are stupid now? And Elon says, yeah, there'll be a, there'll be a recession. They'll, they're gonna cause a recession by the second quarter. By the second half of the year. Elon is just going nuts. He is just tweeting up a storm. This is, was, this was always the risk for Trump with the Elon partnership. And it's why Trump tread so carefully around Elon for so long, because Elon has a megaphone almost as large as Trumps. And he is very good at getting attention. And when he goes, he goes bananas. And that's where we are right now. He,


he goes bananas. He certainly is today, today's Pod Save America brought to you by Ketamine. That's neither here nor there. That's Neither here nor there refers to nothing. That's just an ad break. That's just an ad Break. Yeah. If, if anyone was wondering, that's in reference to a New York Times story just for, that's for the lawyers out there.


I think we all know the New York Times story, which I wanna get to at some point because I have a question for you before we get into the, the current implications of all of this. Let's go back to Elon deciding to come out against the bill. Why do you think he turned on the bill and ultimately Trump? Was it because as the White House and Mike Johnson and other Republicans are suggesting, are suggesting that the bill would eliminate tax credits for electric vehicles like Tesla's, was it out of a genuine concern for the deficit and debt, like Elon says, was it something else Trying to make sense of Elon Musk's brain?


That's quite a challenging mission you've given me.


Please use the code crooked for Yes. 20% off your first order. What's the, what's the website? X.com


What I, I do not believe it was because of the electric vehicle tax credits. Yeah. He Trump ran against the electric vehicle tax credits, the entire campaign. He, and you know, I know this because Elon Musk tweeted it out today, but they, Elon Musk was standing next to Donald Trump when Donald Trump was praising Elon Musk integrity, right. Pointing out that he was supporting Trump despite the fact that Trump opposed the electric vehicle tax cuts. And Elon had never asked him to change his position on it. So that, I do not think that's the reason. I think the Republicans probably made a mistake by suggesting that right off the bat that probably inflamed Elon Moore to suggest that he Could not, I don't not say his concerns about the deficit are well-founded or necessarily legitimate.


I don't know what his real concerns are here. There probably has made a mistake by trying to suggest that pure picky and greed was what was driving you ons opposition. As opposed, you could have just said, we disagree here and that's it. Yeah. And they did not do that. And they made this situation much worse. I think that, You know, and Elon has been tweeting videos of himself and retweeting other people tweeting videos of him talking about the, the debt and the deficit and how, what a problem was for a long time. And I think that when Elon took over Doge, You know, he wanted to, he thought he was gonna cut all the spending. He thought he was gonna make government more efficient or whatever. And he knows that Doge has been seen now as a, basically a failure that the cuts were far less than what he said he Could cut.


And so I think it kind of built from sort of feeling embarrassed or shamed about Doge to now being pissed about the bill. And I also think it results from just Elon still to this day, having served in government and supposedly being a very smart person, has no fucking idea what actually are the drivers of debt and deficit. And he genuinely thought that fucking feeding U-S-A-I-D into the wood chipper and which is, You know, has killed a bunch of kids in Africa that like somehow that's gonna bring down the deficit and debt. And he doesn't realize that the biggest driver in our debt is the defense budget entitlements and the fact that at least in this bill Donald Trump and the Republicans want, You know, a couple trillion dollars in tax cuts mostly for extremely rich people like Elon Musk.


Yeah, I'd, so I think there's like a basic lack of understanding about what causes the debt and deficit. But then also he seems to care about the debt and deficit. Neither Trump nor Elon know what's in this bill or what it does or how it works. Nope. That they're like talking past each other. I mean, maybe he cares about the deficits, maybe he doesn't. But if he were to truly care about them and truly understand how they worked, he would probably suggest giving back his tax cut. Right, Right, right. Or cutting the defense budget, which funds most of his companies. Right. He's not doing that. It's, He calls it like a pork filled bill. There's no pork in the bill. There's a lot of dumb shit in the bill. But this is not, this is not the bill. It's not because Republicans did not put pork in bills. 'cause you cannot put those sorts of things in this type of budget reconciliation bill.


This is not the appropriations bills that have like the bridge to nowhere to, You know, another deep cut from a long time ago. Or this sort of the sort of classic pork barrel projects that are used as earmarks to buy off members. That's not what's in this bill. That's not why this bill, it's deficit as this deficit episode because it's a giant tax cut and a huge boost in the budgets for the defense department and Homeland Security to do mass deportation. Elon is correct that the bill is a disgusting abomination. As he said, the reason it's a disgusting abomination is because it spends a trillion dollars to give tax cuts for people making over a million dollars. So, and then pays for that by kicking 15 million people off their health insurance.


So that's, that's why it's a disgusting abomination. So he was half right on that one. I also think there was like a slow build in all of the stories that came out as Musk was leaving the White House after he left the White House about the cabinet being pissed at Musk and him not getting along with anyone in Trump world. And I have to say, I went back, this is total conspiracy theory for me, but oh, okay. This is, this is where we air them out, right. Just in public. But yes, that's, That's how it works these days. That's how it works. Now. We'll Get to some of that later on. But yes, When you go to the, when you re reread the New York Times story about Elon's alleged drug use while he was in the White House or, or, or while he was at least on the campaign traveling with, with Trump early on, it talks about how he's campaigning with Trump and the New York Times got a picture of his pill bottle that has like 20 random pills in it and Adderall and a bunch of other stuff.


And there's the Ketamine stuff and it's like sourced to people familiar. But the way that it's written, I'm like, who would've given that to the New York Times, including a picture of the, the pillbox that he travels with? And I'm like, I don't know. He was with all the Trump people during the campaign, so maybe it was, maybe he suspects at least, who knows if it was or not. Maybe he suspects that it was White House people who fucked him on that story. Can I try a different theory here? May maybe. That's right. I appreciate you delving, getting out the red string for this. Thank you. Thank you. But do you think JD Vance is the one who gave us the New York Times? Oh, interesting. Well, no, maybe not. 'cause he's trying to depose Trump for JD Vance. Yeah. So maybe Steven Miller. Steven either way. Steven Miller.


Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Awkward, awkward dinner conversation in Miller household now that, Wow. Yeah. For, for those who don't know, when Elon left the White House reports are that Katie Miller, Stephen Miller's wife, who was working for Elon or working as part of the Doge effort, was gonna leave also to work for Elon Post, post White House. I wonder if she drafted some of these tweets. And then, and then someone noticed that Elon unfollowed Stephen Miller after the, after the fight broke out today, He also unfollowed Char Charlie Kirk. This is a, I know this is not really where you spend your valuable time, but this is a classic reality star move. This also happens in sports a lot too, where there's like an entire beat of people who are like, the receiver just unfollowed the quarterback.


What does that mean? Here's, here's my theory of what happened there. I think Elon Musk has convinced himself he is some sort of fiscal austerity guy. Like right, it's, he's, he is come to a, he's come to a self-identify as that way because of Doge. And he probably thinks his bill is stupid. 'cause You know, he, it is, is incredibly stupid. It's, yeah. So he calls it abomination just at first he, first he Could, he expresses some concern with it in an interview. He gets some positive feedback for that. Then he calls it an abomination. He gets a lot of engagement over that. Now all of a sudden he has attention again because Elon really had stepped, he had been the one of the main characters in world drama for about a year straight.


Then he stepped back, he was getting less attention. His tweets were getting less traction. He was just kind of tweeting about like new Tesla features and star SpaceX launches and not in the s he wasn't the main character. And now he, this was a chance to be the main character. Trump's talking about the Oval Office and he's in and he's like getting that dopamine rush of posting. I was gonna say that, You know, so, well A lot of people are talking about the ketamine, but really it's the dopamine. It's the dopamine that's people are di people are just discounting all the dopamine that's coming from Elon just firing off these tweets and getting all the response and he's all juiced up. I think that's probably right. I think that's probably right. How do you think to get to something that really matters as opposed to just the fun reality show drama?


How do you think this could impact whether Trump's bill actually passes Congress? I think it makes the difficult task of getting this bill through the Senate and then back through the house even more difficult because Musk is giving voice to two groups of people who vote, who voted for it in the house with deep reservations and, and some senators who in these two groups who have reservations about voting for it. Now those groups are the far right drown the government in the bathtub MAGA Freedom Caucus types, who thinks that it didn't go far enough in terms of cuts to Medicaid, snap, et cetera. And then you have these sort of more traditional Republicans who are kind of like Paul Ryan, Republicans in the closet who have concerns substantively and politically about voting for a bill that adds two and a half trillion dollars, the debt at any time of high interest rates, where it becomes incredibly and prohibitively expensive to pay down that debt.


And, and so those people, there's a group with, so a lot of people are in the Senate and so he's just as giving them cover to oppose this bill in some way, shape, or form. Does it mean it won't pass? I don't know. I don't know that yet. But again, it's a lot harder than it was before this. This is the first real obstacle that's been put in the way other than just caucus dynamics, right? This is someone who, right, is driving sort of drive, shining a spotlight on the rift within the party and forcing it further apart. And how do you think the breakup could impact the future of the MAGA coalition? Because there's a lot of, a lot of people trying to figure out whose side they're On today. In fact, I I, we have the five on in our office like we always do.


You know, we, we love to watch the five on Fox and see what they're doing. And here's, here's how Jesse Waters try to navigate this today. But sometimes guys fight, guys sometimes will punch you in the face and the next night you're having a beer Oh, sleep with your girlfriend and you patch things up. Really? Not your wife, your girlfriend, your friends. Yeah. No one slept with my girlfriend. Let's put it that way. Oh my wife. Lot to unpack there dad. Yeah. Yeah. What's going on with Jesse? What's going on with Jesse? Is he I That I'm not gonna touch that one. I don't really wanna know how that all played itself out. I Think is Helix is is Jesse saying that you could punch him in the face and then he'll have a beer with you the next night.


So you think that's what he said? I Think he's, I think in the end of this, he suggesting he's the one who slept with someone's girlfriend and Then they passed things Person the next day. Yeah. Yeah. And then Greg, Greg Gutfeld was kind of quiet after that. But anyway, anyway, Let's we're, we are too deep into the five right now. I think that where this has creates tension in the Republican party is in the always uncomfortable marriage between the Maga right and the tech. Right? Right. The Peter Thiel, David Sachs, all in guys VC Bros who came to support Trump in this election for a whole host of reasons, some cultural, a lot economic. And they bought a lot of Trump's bullshit about, You know, there's when Trump went on the All On podcast and he promised that we were gonna do these things to keep the high skilled workers here in the country.


And he just gets, we're gonna staple a visa to diplomas. Yeah. And that's not what this is. Right. And this tension has been manifest in the Elon Musk, Steve Bannon feud since the day after the election. Steve Bannon you say? Yeah. What does Steve Bann have anything extreme to say today? Well, yeah. So as this fight was escalating very quickly over the course of Thursday and Trump said, I'm gonna terminate the contracts, and then we get the Epstein accusation, then we get the call for Trump's s impeachment. The joke was, okay, the only thing left here that hasn't happened yet is Trump trying to deport Elon Musk. And sure enough, Steve Bannon on his show calls for Elon Musk's deportation an investigation into Elon Musk, how he became a citizen of the United States, what, what his immigration process was suggest deporting him and then calls for Donald Trump to nationalize starlink and SpaceX.


So he just, he went Steve Bannon fucking, that's it. He went there In the course of three hours. We went from a mild dispute around the financial implications of a budget bill to accusations of pedophilia, deportation, impeach, and impeachment. To your point about the tech, right, Derek Thompson tweeted the tech rite got suckered by the most obvious conman in political history, defended him while he raised tariffs slash science and scared away foreign talent. And now the administration's gonna wreck SpaceX for spite while Bannon calls for Musk's deportation. Well done. I think, think nailed it. Great Job people. That is what, that is exactly what happened with the tech, right?


They just, they're total, total con men. And I don't think Donald Trump got like conned by them 'cause he just, he got what he wanted. Although I will say, so Trump had an event at the White House after Elon called for his impeachment and said that he was in the Epstein files and Trump got a shouted question about Elon at the end of the event and just did not take the bait, but seemed angry the whole time he was at the event. Let's We'll revisit this tomorrow after Trump's Okay. 12 Diet Cokes and got in, got in, got His ketamine And he's gotten his phone. Yeah, he's gotten his phone back because one thing we know about Trump over the years is he prefers his fights in the tweets not in the streets.


And so I could see him, I could see him launching tonight on True Social. Yeah. There's gonna be a, there's gonna be a Sea Cot threat at some point. Well it's, There is, I mean, not to get into the weird the like the, the nerdy communications to this, but Elon Musk is tweeting his on a platform where everyone is with millions of people and his millions of followers. And Trump is on his weird picky yune platform that has very, very small number of people actually on it. And so he's only communicating by posting on this weird platform then other people screenshotting his truths and then putting them on Twitter. Like if he really wants to get this going, he is gotta get back on Twitter is what I would say. Yeah. I will say that the part of the co the MAGA coalition this time around, which is, You know, we shorthand it, is it the tech, right, the Silicon Valley folks, the all in types.


It's also, You know, when we looked at the catalyst data, Trump did gain ground with college men, not just non-college men. And usually in the Trump era, college educated voters have, have not been moving towards Trump. In fact, they've been moving towards the Democrats. And I do wonder, and I don't just think it's this fight at all, but I think a, as the Trump administration goes on, some of these college men who voted for Trump in 2024 and maybe hadn't voted for him in 2020 or 2016, maybe because they thought Elon Musk and other business types put their stamp of approval on Donald Trump. I could see them starting to peel away from the MAGA coalition as time goes on.


Yeah. I Mean these are economic, most likely economically centered voters. And so it's less his fight with Trump. Although I think increasing the deficit by trillions of dollars does not help with these voters. Right. I think putting in place tariffs that lead to a recession does not help with these voters. And they are probably, these are profile is more likely voters. These are the sort of voters who set out 2016 or voted third party in 2016 or maybe voted for Trumpy than voted for Democrat in 2018 and stuck with Biden. And so they are target voters for 2026 for sure. Yeah. All that said, the bill's problems on the right go way beyond Elon Musk. And, and as you just pointed out with some of the people pissed about the deficits and the, the trillions that it's adding to the deficits, the Republicans who care about the deficit aren't happy Republicans who care that Medicaid cuts could cost them their jobs in 2026.


They aren't happy. Even Marjorie Taylor Greene is unhappy saying she didn't know everything that was in the bill when she voted for it. She's very upset at a provision. We talked about this on offline, a provision that would prevent states and local governments from regulating AI on their own for the next most of the next decade. So she's, she's pissed about that. Here's a sampling of some of the Republican complaints, but Now they want me to vote for $5 trillion worth of increase in a debt ceiling. And I'm just not for that. That's not conservative. Here's a lesson for us all. No matter what political party holds office and is in charge, we should all watch carefully the bills that we pass.


The president, the president and Senate leadership has to understand that we're serious. They, they all say, oh we can pressure these guys. No you can't. This is immoral what us old farts are doing to our young people. This is grotesque what we're doing. We need to own up to that. This is our moment. I, I can't accept this scenario. I can't accept it. So I won't vote for it unless we are serious about fixing it. This Is our moment. Old farts. What do you think about that messaging slam dunk we're getting from Republicans back? I think this bill, this bill is just gonna be a huge political gift to the Republicans. I mean like just to, I mean let me, I'm obviously kidding there, But let just put in perspective how unpopular this bill is.


So heart research democratic research firm did a poll for a bunch of groups including Center for American Progress, protect our care, family, families, ever billionaires. And they tested the bill and less than a third of of voters support it. And then they went through and they did a messaging exercise where they did a generic description of the bill Democratic arguments for the bill and back and forth between democratic arguments, Republican arguments for the bill. When they finish that, the bill is nearly 30 points underwater. Tell pub to understand how unpopular that is. The Trump tax cut in 2017, which was thought to be one of the most impoverished legislation in history, was about 14 points underwater when it passed in 2017. Wow. And the Affordable Care Act, which is, You know, like in lore, this incredibly polarizing bill that cost the Democrats 60 plus seats in 2010, that bill in the Kaiser Foundation tracking poll was six points above water when it passed in March of 2010.


And so this is by far the least, no one is asking for this and there's no benefit coming because people aren't getting, other than the exceptions around overtime and tips, no one's getting new tax cuts. They're just keeping the tax cuts they've had for four years. Yeah. And so you're not even gonna get this boost of like all of a sudden you're gonna get your check in the mail with your new tax cut or your paycheck's gonna look larger. That's not what's gonna happen. It's just status quo for everyone other than people who are gonna lose their healthcare and their food assistance. And so far the biggest challenge for those of us who oppose this bill has been that not enough people have heard about it and people aren't paying attention data for progress.


Did a poll also and also found that the bill is very, very unpopular, but then found out that I think it was like 4% of people had heard a lot about it. It was like very, it was a very small number of people had heard a lot about it. And I Think 14 total respondents in their open-ended thing knew the bill had Medicaid cuts. 14. Wow. Total Respondents. Yeah. Oh my God. Okay. Yeah. So that's the other consequence of this being the basis for the biggest breakup of the decade. Yeah. Is that now people are gonna like, well how did this whole thing start? And then maybe they'll look into the bill. On that note, how do you think Democrats should take advantage of all this to, to kill the bill?


It is to, like you have pointed out, the fundamental issue with the bill is that it's incredibly unpopular, but not enough people know about it or aren't paying attention to it. So everyone has to find the tallest mountain they can find the biggest megaphone they can find, text all the people, they can shout about it, yell about it, talk about it in simple to easy to understand terms that it's essentially a tax cut for the very wealthy incorporations paid for by taking food and healthcare away from millions and millions of Americans. And on top of that still adds trillions of dollars to the deficit. Like just everyone has to know about it. And when people know about it, they're gonna be against it. And I think there, we have two tasks here. If we, we can, there is a chance that we can create enough political pressure that they have to change what this bill looks like to take some of those cuts away.


It's something we will have to pass because if they don't pass something, we'll default on our debt and everyone's taxes woke up. So they'll have to pass something. But we can the potential to change the nature of what that is by making it as politically painful as possible. Elon Musk is helping us do that. He's not making the arguments that we would be making, he's not out there defending Medicaid, but he, as you say, he's drawing attention to it and putting a spotlight on it and we can then come in, follow it in the breach and make our arguments. Yeah. And I saw, You know, some people are concerned 'cause as you point out, he's not making the same arguments that we are and obviously it is adding trillions to the deficit. He's correct about that. But the reason that I think we oppose the bill and probably most, I think if you ask people to choose between what they hate most Medicaid cuts and tax cuts for the rich or adding to the deficit, I think they would choose the Medicaid cuts and the tax cuts for the rich for sure.


But You know, Elon Musk called the bill a disgusting abomination. We should call it a disgusting abomination too. And we can explain why we think it's a disgusting abomination, which is maybe partly what Elon thinks, but also the fact that it's gonna kick 15 million people after their healthcare to pay for a trillion dollars in tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires. I know we, I agree with you that the Medicaid cuts are by are much more effective. All the testing shows that as an argument. We have this hesitancy as Democrats because we've been burned by austerity politics in the past to talk about the deficits. Yeah. But we should talk about the deficits. There are times when it makes sense to go in a deficit like after a financial crisis to save the economy, to give people money to stay alive during COVID, right.


To like those times make sense to go into deficit to give tax cuts to rich people at a time of incredibly high interest rates. Where that, where that, it's crazy where the debt you're ranking up costs so much more is insane. And it's gonna bother a lot of people. And we should not shy away from that argument. Yeah. I I think we should, I think we should make it. And I just think you don't have to complicate the simple here. The, the it everyone hates the bill. Right. Republicans hate it. Elon Musk hates it. This person hates it. You know, we have plenty of quotes now to play from all kinds of Republicans about how they hate the bill. We can talk about the Medicaid cuts, we can talk about the a CA cuts. There's just creating a lot of chaos around the bill about how it's intensely disliked.


'cause if the casual news consumer, if all they hear, oh, this is a bill that most people don't like, that's all. And then you'll get enough pressure on some of these Republicans to, You know, like again, they have a very thin margin. They can lose three votes in the Senate and a couple more votes in the house when it goes back to the house. So it's, You know, like you said, they, they probably, they need to pass something or else taxes go up. Do you see Trump was un social Wednesday night I think talking about we should eliminate the debt ceiling altogether. You know, that's a play that's coming. Yeah. He's gonna try to, that's figure out how to get, get rid Of the debt ceiling that's held personally over Of time. I know, I know. Because he was like, I agree with Elizabeth Warren on this. So we'll have him minting the coin mint the gold coin and Well, I mean, there is, there's a legislative abolition of the debt ceiling and then there is simply minting the gold coin or somewhat just, just not even enforcing it, which is what Trump is obviously gonna try to do.


If somehow we pass the, we run outta money before they can get this discussing abomination passed. Yeah, well kill the bill. That's the rally and cry. Elon started it. You know, people like him can get credit for good ideas once in a while. Kill the bell. Kill the bell. That's what we gotta, that's that's what we gotta do now.


Pod Save America, brought to you by z biotics pre-Cool. Let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after drinks with friends, it's with pre-cool biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough warnings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's buildup of this byproduct not dehydration. That's to blame for rough days after drinking pre alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. We are huge fans of, of biotics here. It, it's an evangelist at this point. Yeah, I bet. Heard this A lot. I heard good news. Tommy says, People always ask me, do you really use that pre alcohol thing? Does that really work? Yes. Yes. It really works. Yeah. We won't have a drink without It. Summer's here, many opportunities to celebrate the warm weather before the backyard. Barbecue glass of pinot watching the sunset at the beach or cocktail by the campfire. Don't forget your z biotics free alcohol drink one before drinking and wake up feeling great and ready to take on the next day. And all that summer has to offer. Go to biotics.com/crooked to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked at checkout z biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions ask, remember to head to z biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked at checkout for 15% off


The new huggy snug and dry. Our luxuriously soft and ultra dry. How soft are we talking? Unbelievably soft irresistibly soft. Doesn't your baby deserve a diaper that's oh so gentle on their tushy, huggy, snug and dry helps keep them comfy, cozy and protected. Experience the unexpected softness and up to 100% leak protection. More parents choose the new huggy, snug and dry softness versus the leading premium diaper. Huggies, we got you baby.


Okay, let's get to the executive orders. Trump would rather be making headlines right now, but are still quite awful. The first one titled Very Understated, reviewing Certain Presidential Actions opens an investigation to determine whether certain individuals conspired to deceive the public about Biden's mental state and unconstitutionally exercise the authorities and responsibilities of the President. Essentially the claim here is that Biden didn't have command of what was happening in the White House and that his staffers basically ran the country via auto pen in a statement, Biden responded, let me be clear, I made the decisions during my presidency. I made the decisions about the pardons, executive orders, legislation and proclamations.


Any suggestion that I didn't is ridiculous and false. That didn't stop Trump from elaborating on the conspiracy theory in the oval on Thursday. Well, I don't think Biden would know whether or not he signed it. I'm asking if you've uncovered any of that information. No, but I, I've uncovered, You know, the human mind. I was in a debate with the human mind and I didn't think he knew what the hell he was doing. So, You know, it's just one of those things, one of those problems. We can't, we can't ever allow that to happen to our country. The danger our country was in. But I know some of the people that use that auto pen and those are not the people that had the same ideology as Joe Biden. These were radical left lunatics that used that. And they didn't get elected.


He didn't get elected either, actually. Thank you very much everybody. Speaking of mental decline, Dan, what do you think about, what do you think about this? I mean, Trump sounds like an unhinged crackpot talking about this. Yeah, Yeah, He does. I mean, it, it makes no sense to most people. This is like, you have to be deep into like maga fanfic to know what he's talking about. I don't wanna gloss over the fact that where everyone says treating his normal, that the president of the United States ordered a criminal investigation into his political opponent. Yeah. In a pr with a memo and directed the White House counsel to work with the Attorney General on it. Not how things are supposed to work. No, no, definitely not.


White House is not supposed to order the Justice Department to conduct investigations. No, that's not supposed to. And even like I know the frog in the pot is a very tired metaphor after 10 years of Trump. But the way everyone just covered this is if he was just signing executive order to like review procurement processes the Department of Defense. So like Donald Trump signed an order today is if like an unprecedented insane thing just happened, just like normal news. Well, what happens here? And and do you think this is a, what, what, who, who is this a problem for? Huh? This is a problem for probably the people around Joe Biden.


Not because there is anything real here. Like this is absurd. Even if, if you read all the reporting you read Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson's book, which you guys are gonna talk about later in this podcast. There is no allegation that Joe Biden is like purely a puppet of a bunch of woke staffers just like Autopen whenever they want. Why he dozes, like that's not there are real legitimate que Jake and Alex say that like in the first couple pages. Yeah. They're like, those who expect this reporting to reveal, You know, someone who was like in serious, You know, I, I forget the word they used. It just felt like a purely senile president who didn't know, had any idea what he was doing. You're gonna be disappointed. So like, So there's that, this is complete and total bullshit.


It is going to be, if this investigation actually moves forward, if the FBI is going to start interviewing people, the people around Joe Biden, some of whom have already been called to Congress to testify in the congressional version of this investigation, will probably incur significant legal expenses and be exposed to risks. Not because of what of this ridiculous conspiracy. They're just, once you are being interviewed by law enforcement, especially law enforcement and malicious political intent, any sort of thing can happen from that. You know, it's, it was the investigation in Benghazi through the congressional investigations that led to Hillary Clinton's emails. Right. They start, once they start digging, they can make your life very challenging if that's what they wanna do, even if you never did anything wrong.


Yeah. And let's be honest about what they're looking for here. Like if he doesn't like executive orders that Joe Biden signed with an autopen, Donald Trump can overturn those orders as he's been doing for the last couple months that he's been president. All that he cares about is the pardons. So he cares that Joe Biden pardoned a bunch of people or gave preemptive pardons to a bunch of people that Donald Trump would like to investigate and potentially jail. That's, that's the only, that's what they really care about here. There's also like the drama around it. And they can take revenge on, on Biden and they can, You know, have a bunch of headlines and give chum to the right wing media about, oh, we're finally, You know, investigating the Bidens and the coverup and all that. But really he just wants the pardons to go away Then how you would ever possibly do that.


The Autopen, there's no, I don't know that Joe Biden, there's no evidence that Joe Biden autopen those pardons. I would be shocked if he did. But even if he had, that has been, the autopen is been treated by the courts as a legally recognized way of executing laws and executive orders and things like, pardon? So what it would mean the, The first time he threw out this allegation, You know, people dug up video after video picture after picture of Joe Biden signing legislation himself. I realize it was probably just the body double, but You know, at least that's out there and that's gonna be tough for courts to figure out if it was the Body double or the real Joe Biden. Did you see that Elon Musk also suggested that there was a Trump body double?


Yes. Yeah, yeah. No, that's why someone should look into that too. You know, maybe who, who was signing his legislation. I wanna hear from these 2028 Democratic candidates about what they're playing for. That is if they win, So Trump or the Trump body double or the Auto Pen also signed two more orders, both touching on immigration. One is a revival of his notorious first term travel ban. This one's gonna take effect on June 9th and ban citizens of 12 countries from entering the US supposedly in the name of fighting terrorism. Those countries are Afghanistan, Myanmar, Chad Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen.


It also partially restricts travel from seven other countries, including Cuba and Venezuela. We knew at some point this would be coming because Trump signed an order on inauguration day directing relevant departments to identify countries where they could implement such a ban. So obviously there was a lot of other news today to cover besides the travel ban. But I would say fairly muted response considering that last time he tried a travel ban when he first came into office in 2017, people flooded the airports and he had to pull back also because it was poorly written from a legal perspective. And the courts kind of threw it out. And then eventually they got to the point where it could pass muster, at least with the Supreme Court.


What do you think's going on there with the, with the response? I think it is a sort of a dark and deeply depressing statement about where we've gone after the last seven years. Now eight years. Eight years now. It, You know, I, I think about myself. I was, I headed it directly to the San Francisco airport after that was signed and protested with thousands of other people there. And what has happened, I think is Trump's You know, bigoted, jingoistic, nationalistic politics has become normalized in a way, like in 2017, it was possible to imagine that the president of the United States, the president of the United States, would ban travel to people from Muslim countries 'cause they're Muslim.


Like that was the context for it. And people reacted to that with outrage and fervor and just that sort of, that is, it's not that it's acceptable. I'm not saying people accept, they don't, I'm not saying people like this, but it is this, we are no longer shocked by these sorts of things. Right. When you're living in a world where the president is sending people without due process to a torture prison in El Salvador, these things do not seem as shocking as they were before. And that is ultimately that is Trump winning. That's our authoritarians take power, is that people lose the ability to be outraged at things. Very, very worthy of that outrage. Yeah. And substantively you could argue that the travel ban has been overtaken by much more extreme immigration and deportation policies like you just mentioned with Sea Cot, also like the suspended all refugees, the refugee resettlement program in this country, except for the African or farmers and, and a host of other immigration actions that seem far more extreme even than the travel ban, even though the travel ban is horrific.


So the other order he signed is one that bans Harvard from being able to enroll new international students. Last month Trump tried to revoke Harvard certification in the government student and exchange visitor program, which a judge blocked while the court case proceeds. This time Trump's arguing that he has a national security justification under the Immigration and Nationality Act. So it was the State Department and DHS last time the tried to block the international students that's currently going through courts that the, the judge temporarily blocked. Now, I think this is a, a legal sort of effort to say, well, this is a presidential power now and this is a national security thing. And so courts should not intervene because it's the president's power.


It's Article two. This is like their theory, the, You know, the unitary executive theory. And so it's obviously almost certainly going to court. What do you think? Is it just they're just gonna keep fighting Harvard here? Yeah, I think there's two things happening here. The first is I think Trump just likes fighting with Harvard. I think he thinks it's good politics to fight with the most elite of elite institutions that sort of, I think in his mind creates this, this anti-establishment, anti-elite populist persona. Yeah. It's like elites. And he gets to, he gets to attack elites and foreigners in one. Yes. Harvard is the easiest one to pick on.


They're, they're hard to pick on the sense that they have resources and so they're not scared like some of the other universities, but they are the, I think the easiest to demonize this is the most famous schools, the most elite school. So I think that this is part of that larger conservative project. I don't know whether Trump thinks about it that way, but the people behind him certainly do people writing these orders and fighting these authorities do. Yeah, certainly. Yeah. For Trump it's hard to tell. There is some evidence that they at least feel the need to sort of paint this action as not as extreme as it is. And Trump's being, Trump's saying like, oh, You know, Chinese students are still welcome in our institutions. It's just we're gonna, we're gonna just look at their social media accounts and international students can still come to all to these schools and to Harvard and we wanna work with Harvard to fix this.


But Harvard is not, You know, there's probably some bad ones and Harvard's not giving us a list of the bad ones or letting us check, otherwise we're happy to have international students and I can't tell why he's doing that. But, You know, it may suggest that they know that it's not quite popular to just say, we're gonna have a ban on all international students and a ban on all Chinese students everywhere in America, and we're gonna try to destroy the nation's most elite institution, one of the, one of the, one of the best universities in the world. Right. So maybe there's a hint that they know that that's not super popular. I think There's a tension at the Hern of all Trump's things, which is that he likes to beat up on elite institutions, but what he really wants more anything else is be accepted by those elite institutions.


Yeah. And if he can't be accepted by them, then he at least wants to be feared, You know? Yeah. So, You know, the, obviously more bad news on immigration there, but there's been some slivers of good news out there on, on some of these deportations in immigration. So Judge James Boberg, who Trump famously does not like, he ruled that using the Alien Enemies Act to deport over a hundred Venezuelan men to El Salvador's mega prison was unlawful. And that the administration has to provide habeas relief to them. Of course, the Supreme Court unanimously believes that as well. So we'll see if he actually follows. But then there's a couple cases that we have talked about last episode and, and, and prior to that, that we should update you on the Missouri woman from Hong Kong named Carol, who we spoke about last episode.


She's lived 20 years in a very rural Trumpy area of Missouri. I think it was like 80% Trump. And they, she was arrested. She was, You know, she has three kids. She's thrown in detention. She has been released. And this followed just an, an uproar from the town. All these people who said they voted for Trump, they, they marched and they, and they pushed their local officials on this. And so they have, she's not completely out of the woods yet. Her lawyer says, but she is currently released and they think that they, they feel good about getting her to stay in the United States. The Massachusetts high school honors student who came here from Brazil when he was five and was detained on his way to volleyball practice, thrown in detention center shackled.


He has been released from ice detention as well. And I can't remember if I talked about this in the show, but the, the 4-year-old girl from Bakersfield here in California, were living in Bakersfield. She's from Mexico. Her parents brought her here. It was legal. She has legal status. She, she was able to come here because she needed life-saving care that she couldn't get in Mexico. And she got that care and it's keeping her alive. And if they deported her back to Mexico, which is what they wanted to do, doctors said that she very well probably would've died. And she is now being allowed, she's getting an exception to stay here. All three of those cases that I mentioned, the decisions followed just a public outcry, both in the communities where these people have lived for a long time, and also just nationally, people calling attention to it.


And so as, as bleak as things are, I do think raising awareness of these cases, when we hear about them, it's not just doing it to yell about it. I think it really does have, like political pressure does have an effect and You know, we so we should keep it up. Yeah. Our force to set power. Yeah. All right. When we come back, you're gonna hear the conversation Lovet and I had with Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson about Original Sin, all the Biden discourse. Two things before we do that, in case you missed it, love it. Sat down this week for a YouTube exclusive with New York Attorney General Tisch James, who the Trump administration is now going after because she went after Trump. They talked about weaponizing the justice system, the New York City Mayor's race, and a lot more.


You can check out the full conversation on our YouTube page, youtube.com/at sign Pod Save America while you're there. Please subscribe. It's a huge help to us. Takes less than a second to hit the subscribe button. Also, if you're not subscribed to our friends of the pod community, you're missing out on new episodes from our subscription only shows on the latest inside 2025, Alyssa Master Mon sits down with economists, Cecilia Ro, to unpack big topics like the national debt tariffs, and the long-term impact of today's economic policies. And on a new polar coaster, Dan broke down rising approval ratings for Trump and surprising new polling that shows Pete Buttigieg ahead of Kamala Harris and an early look at the 2028 Democratic Field. Dan, you also took questions, right?


I did. I took lots of questions. Great questions from our Discord listeners. Who are our subscribers? So friends of the pod. There you go. Join the conversation and get access to these episodes and much more by subscribing at.com/friends or on Apple Podcasts.


This is an ad by Better help. There's a lot of stigma around mental health to this day. It's gotten better, but it still could get even better. There are a lot of people that think therapy is a sign of weakness. It's a sign of strength. That's right. You have to get therapy. It makes you better, it makes you tougher, it helps you tackle problems in your life. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide, and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, and it's often undiagnosed. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it so you can be your best self and be the best person for everybody in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to somebody, anybody, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. We're both therapy boys. We've benefited from therapy with over 35,000 therapists. Better Help is the world's largest online, the platform having served over 5 million people globally, and it works with an app store rating of 4.9 outta five, based on over 1.7 million client reviews. It's convenient to, you can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of experience, talk it out With Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash psa. That's better. HE p.com/psa


One 800 flowers.com knows that a gift is never just a gift. A gift is an expression of everything you feel and helps build more meaningful relationships. 1-800-FLOWERS takes the pressure off by helping you navigate life's important moments by making it simple to find the perfect gift. From flowers and cookies to cake and chocolate. 1-800-FLOWERS helps guide you in finding the right gift to say how you feel. To learn more, visit one 800 flowers.com/pandora. That's one 800 flowers.com/pandora.


All right. Hey everybody, Here we are the first four names on the Biden Family Christmas card list. How you guys doing? Congrats on number one. Thank you so much. New York Times. Yeah, look at that. Pretty good. Alright, so the book has now been out long enough that we get to ask you about the reaction to the book, because I don't know if you've noticed, but it's been quite intense, including from the subject of the book president, former President Joe Biden, who, who Just in case you didn't know, said that he Could beat us up That Well, that was my first question because I, I, I looked at that clip and he was like, they didn't ask, they didn't mention you guys, the reporter, not, they didn't Mention us or the book.


They didn't Mention you guys or the book. They just asked about the discussion about his mental capabilities. And Biden responded, you can see that I'm mentally incompetent. I can't walk, and I could beat the hell out of both of them. I that, that I saw that live. And I immediately texted you. I said, I think Biden just said he Could beat you up. Yeah. I first, I first heard it from you. I Was, I I think you're the both of them because you're not referenced. You're not referenced in any way. It was unclear if it was simultaneously or one after the other. I think it's like the one gorilla versus a hundred men kind of situation. Did you bill us? Did you guys take that to be you? I don't know who else it could have been, but I took it to be us. Yes. I took it to be us Other Bidens have also waited on the book.


His children, hunter and Ashley, one of his granddaughters, Naomi. But there's one official response from a Biden spokesperson that's in almost every single story about the book. They haven't changed it. We continue to await anything that shows where Joe Biden had to make a presidential decision or where national security was threatened or where he was unable to do his job. In fact, the evidence points to the opposite. He was a very effective president. What do you guys think of that response? Well, So that was the response that they gave before the book was released. Yeah. And I said at the time, okay, wait until you read it and you'll get an an you'll that you'll have to change that statement. But they have not. And the truth of the matter is that the book has any number of moments where one can wonder if whatever issues he was having did actually affect his ability to do the presidency in the way that we would want.


And there was actually an essay about this in Slate today about one of the anecdotes that I found most disturbing, which was Senator Michael Bennett from Colorado goes to the White House in June, 2024 before the debate. And it's an immigration event. And Biden has a very unsettling kind of moment where he seems to have some sort of neurological episode bef in front of the cameras very quick. But he's like talking and nobody can understand what he's saying. And it's not That thing he does when he whispers to make a point. Do You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like that's, if he couldn't hear that, that's that thing he does when he whispers to make a point Watch me.


Yeah. Nobody's Saying yes anyway. It's not that these mics aren't, aren't Biden level mics, But It's a, it's, he's having some moment, it's like some weird thing. And Senator Bennett leaves the White House and thinks to himself, this is why our immigration policy is such a mess. 'cause the commander in chief can't manage the portfolio. He can't handle it. He like, he can't tell people what to do because he's not able to be engaged the way that whether or not you like his policies. And I imagine this crowd d doesn't, Trump or Obama or, or other presidents have been able to, and in fact, the Department of Homeland Security secretary, Alejandro Mallorca, was waiting at the very beginning of the Biden presidency for the order to do more border enforcement, which would be a Biden asked way to do the job.


Or an Obama asked way to do the job and the order never came. So there are, in the book moments of people wondering if he's not able to do the job. I wanna step back and talk about how you guys went about writing this book. Just for people who don't know how a book like this comes together. Could you talk a bit about your reporting process? The sourcing, verifying anecdotes and recollections, the fact checking and all that, Alex? Yeah. I mean, if anyone's like, well, now you tell us. I don't blame them for feeling that way. But the truth is that this book came about every, almost every single interview of the over 200 was done after November 5th.


The origins of it actually are, I was on Jake's show the day before the election. He said, I think Kamala Harris might lose. And I've been thinking about this book where we examine how the Democratic party allowed Trump to come back. Would you be interested? And like Jake and I were friendly, but we weren't like, let's write a book friendly. And so I was like, find me dinner first. Kind of Yeah, yeah, exactly. And so I I, I was like, sure, sure, okay, whatever. And then didn't think it was gonna go anywhere. And then sure enough, Jake sends me a draft of a book, book proposal the night of November 6th.


And we turned in and we did all those interviews. Finally, people that we had been cold calling, sliding into their dms for like four years that never wanted to talk. Or if they did talk, they weren't exactly candid. Because I think there was this, and we can talk more about this, this gripping fear that saying anything would ultimately help Donald Trump and not change Joe Biden's mind. Now that was over. And people were willing to finally confide, You know, small episodes that they had seen that troubled them, that they sort of dismissed as perhaps one-offs and were willing to sort of take us behind the scenes. Now me, many of those people are still anonymous.


We like, every single time we always try to get people on the record. Sometimes people do, sometimes people don't. But that's why we interviewed over 200 people, because even when they're not, when they're anonymous, you need more corroboration. Yeah. And just 'cause this is the writer's block, and this is Los Angeles where even bus drivers have screenplays. I'll give you just the idea of some, some of the writer's stuff we did for me just as a writer, this is my seventh book. And structure is like the most important thing for me. You know, I'm sure everybody here knows that George RR Martin, from the Game of Thrones books says that there are gardeners and there are architects. And I'm definitely an architect that you need to build the house and then you fill in the rooms.


And so we started with the structure, like, here are what I think the chapter should be. Alex and I went back and forth and, and figured that out. Here are all the people we want to interview. And then we would just write chapters. And, you know, when they were done, they weren't done. But we would just like, fill in the rooms and then go back. And the biggest disagreement we had, this is a very, a very gratifying, pleasant, professional relationship. The biggest disagreement we had was Google Dots Docs versus Word. Mm. And you Let me guess you were the word Guy. Yes, I'm the word guy. Absolutely. Listen, we wrote the, I'm the, I'm as a Word guy. Word guy. I'm a Google Doc guy.


Oh, thank, thank God. Listen, we had to write the entire book in one word document that we emailed back and forth. It wasn't even by chapters. Yeah. And then I, I'm like, You know, Jake's doing smoke signals sending his horse and Bucky out with the latest edition. And as the millennial, I'm like, like honestly, my command s buttons don't even work anymore. So it was like frantically trying to save the document. 'cause it doesn't auto save. Like, so Just to just, we started, we started with Google Docs. Okay. I'm like, I'm not against Google Docs. Some people are saying that maybe you were saying you were okay with Google Docs, but maybe behind the scenes weren't as capable with Google Docs. That there's some evidence that maybe you'd lost a step with Google Docs.


True. It's true. You can't point to any evidence. This is a coverup. So, but I will say this. So once, so we, You know, we had a list of 200 plus people that we wanted to interview, and we, we al we interviewed almost every single person. Google Docs stops at a hundred. Right? So we had, so at the next time we had, so we had two different lists of Google Docs. This is too much in the Google Docs weeds. But he couldn't Handle the second Google Doc, The fact that there was a second Google. Anyway. Yeah. The second, the second Google doc. So the book there is, you were talking about this that before the election, before Joe Biden steps aside, there's this incredible fear, right?


And this is not a, a kind of mercenary or kind of political, it's a, a, a genuine concern for the country that if, if you have concerns about Joe Biden's age and you go public with those concerns that might hurt him, he's not stepping aside, you've done nothing to make our situation better. You've made Donald Trump's situation better. What is the logic after the election for people to still be afraid to speak honestly about this? Including in the book? You make reference to people who were publicly defending Biden, I believe to this day. Yeah. While talking to you behind the scenes. Yeah. And you could tell us who they are. Well, you definitely know who they are, but you don't know who they are. So I think that there is still a tremendous amount of fear about the, the anger of the Biden campaign.


I mean, it is odd to be attacked by Joe Biden, hunter Biden, Ashley Biden, Naomi Biden, I'm guess there's a wife and maybe like six grandkids that we're waiting for before we get the whole, the whole crew. Yeah. The whole set. Yeah. But I mean, it is, it is, it's not pleasant. And then, You know, the Democratic Party is, it's not like everybody, I mean, I think that the book has changed the conversation where people just now accept that what we're saying is true. I mean, you guys were there last year, but a lot of people were very reluctant to acknowledge this. I think the book has changed the conversation, but it's not as though the 2028 candidates are like, are are running out there like holding the book up and saying like, we need to deal with this as a party.


I mean, people are still in denial about it. Yeah. I mean, you guys use obviously the word coverup in the title provocative intentionally. I'm sure. What I have always tried to figure out is, and I know you guys have said that some of the people you talk to, some of the people in that inner circle, like genuinely believe he's fine or they, or, or at least you leave open the fact that, so is it, is it a coverup? If they are genuinely thinking everyone else is crazy. We're around him all the time. We think he's fine, even if we all see something different. It's a great question. And the reason why we use coverup is because listen, everyone knew Joe Biden was old.


Everyone saw it, the polling displayed it. But even with people recognizing he was old, that Joe Biden we saw in the debate stage was still very shocking to tens of millions of people. And the reason it was shocking, and I think the book really shows this, is that debate Biden, for lack of a better term, that was not the first or even close to the first time. He had acted that way behind the scenes. And there were active, even if they would not acknowledge it to themselves by their very actions, they were trying to hide and conceal Joe Biden from acting like that in public, from members of their own cabinet, from members of the Democratic Party, from members of Congress.


And those efforts became increasingly frantic the six to eight months before the debate. Now your, your other question of, well, if they don't, if they don't know they're covering it up, if they're not cognizant, is it a coverup? You know, by very virtue, You know, one, like quick example, if you saw Joe Biden and Jill Biden on The View just like two weeks ago, You know, she's doing what she has been doing for the last year and a half, which is she sort of helps him out when he's like struggling. Yeah. She'll jump in and like sort of complete sentences. No, I'm sure she'll say he's fine, he's great. But by her very actions, she is showing that she recognizes that he needs her to pick up the, She is trying to pick up his slack.


I I I think actually that the statement that they've given suggests that they know he couldn't do the job 24 7. They don't dispute. I mean we, what we have in the book, I don't know how many people have actually read the book, but, but what we have in the book is these aren't like our conclusions based on like what, You know, our view watching tv. This is based on, You know, more than 200 interviews with cabinet officials, members of congress, fundraisers, donors, You know, people who saw him up close, who told us their stories. So when, when Captain Secretaries tell us that by the end of, of the Biden presidency, he Could not be relied upon for that proverbial 2:00 AM phone call in the middle of the night with a national security emergency.


I mean, that's a big deal. That means he can't do the job of president. That's what it means. I mean, that's what the job is. I'm old enough to remember when Hillary was running ads against Obama in Texas saying that he couldn't be relied upon to do that because he was so inexperienced. I'm sure that's seared into your brain. And John you probably wrote those, wrote for Hillary. It is a good ad. There's a good ad. Love It, love it. Mark Pen. We're just writing it together Is a good ad. Ad good ads don't always work. Every losing campaign isn't wrong about everything. But, but he couldn't be counted on, he couldn't be counted on for that. And, and their, their ans like, they don't say in their statement, You know, it's not true that he lost his train of thought in uncomfortable ways.


It's not true that he didn't recall the name of his national security advisor. It's not true that he couldn't be relied upon for the 2:00 AM phone call. They say, and his decisions were fine. And you can't point to any evidence as to otherwise. And I mean, yeah, I can, but that's not even the point. You're kind of granting the pur the, the whole premise of the book. Yeah. It sort of, you, you there it does sort of raise the question, well what does it mean to be up to the job, right? And what do, what do we require of this person and this sort of unique role that they play? Because I can see how you could def say both statements are true. You have this image of what a president does and it's in the room making a decision. If seven people around a table, they're presenting options, maybe they disagree, maybe they don't, and you say go or you say yes, you say no.


And even in the book you acknowledge that when Joe Biden is in control of the schedule, when it's at his time, at his choosing, he is can, can do that task. Right. But the, the Bennett example is something else, which is a harder to measure thing. That part of the job of being president is over time taking in information from a bunch of different people, synthesizing it, moving a debate forward. That's never a decision, right? That he can no longer have that capacity in part because of his de declining ability to communicate while still meeting that kind of decision making in a meeting threshold. And by the way, I, I believe people in his, i i maybe it's Jake Sullivan or or or Tony Blinken have said that they did have the 2:00 AM moment with him and they did feel like he was up to doing that.


Yeah. And I think, I think your point of like, what is the job of a president is a good one. And so let let's say, You know, we have senior officials that say that if the job is making decisions and communicating, he was clearly not able to do the latter for most of the four years. And it got worse. But also, You know, what's sort of striking about their argument is they're saying yes, he was, he he Could longer communicate. Yes, he would ramble and and stumble in meetings. Yes. His schedule was often limited from 10 to four. His energy would be bad. When he got tired, he became unfocused. But we swear that it never affected any, all those things that are signs of like decline or aging never affected his decision making.


Which I mean, they don't know. Yeah. So lemme just point to some decisions that he made that we wonder about. Okay. First of all, there's the immigration that Senator Bennett wonders about. And I think that is a fair, a fair argument to make because that is about managing, I mean, Barack Obama was, You know, he pushed for immigration reform, but he also, You know, kept a a, a strict border and deported a lot of people. He got a lot of flack for that as you recall. He also got reelected. So, I mean, but I do, I do think on that one, the part, I mean we could tell whole conversation about the immigration stance of the Democratic party and how it evolved over the years, but I do think like the die was cast in the 2020 primary when every candidate was like, yeah, we'll decriminalize border crossings except for Biden.


Except for Biden. But the sta well, and it look how much was Biden involved and how much not like was the staff, although the Well that's the point. That's that's what we're saying. But what I'm Saying is what what's surprising about the immigration thing is the, the, the closest AIDS around him are like pretty moderate Democrats. Right. It's not like a bunch of Progressive. I know about Ron Klain though the Ron Ron, Ron Klain, the White House chief of staff for the first couple years became this, even though he, his roots were in like neo, You know, new, new conservative Democrats like Al Gore. Yeah. He became the hero to the progressives. He did, he did. And I think there's an argument to be made that, that he steered the ship of state to the left. Yeah. But beyond that, I don't know how aware President Biden was that there were criticisms from people like Larry Summers or Jason Ferman, that they were putting too much money into the economy and it was gonna be inflationary.


I don't know. And now that's necess I'm not proving it, but I just don't know. I don't know. We have, we have no reporting that suggests that the decisions he made about Afghanistan in 2021 were enrooted in anything other than his fierce determinative belief that he was right about Afghanistan and that Obama and the generals were wrong. Yes. Okay. But I don't know what information he was capable of absorbing and synthesizing, as you say, and on and on. Well, I also, part of this though, is what I realized and, and I realized in stark relief when reading the book as well is, oh, I, in the same way that I think people around Biden who do not to this day believe they were part of a coverup when one piece of evidence being they thought he was gonna win the debate, they put him out there.


But that over time, being around someone, your baseline moves. My baseline moves. Right. Because let's say we disagree. And actually I do think Biden's decision making was, was up to snuff. And I don't believe his actual capacity to make governing decisions was impacted. Part of the job of, of president is persuading people to come along. If you are unable to persuade people to the correctness of your views to build a coalition either in Congress or amongst the public, you're weaker. You can't get things done. You can't achieve the goals you're trying to achieve. And even Democrats who were making this argument that I I was among them for a time that no, you can't, you may have questions about his ability to communicate, but these right wing fear-mongering about dementia and that he's not doing the job. That's unfair.


He's able to do the job of president. But I was accepting less from a president. I didn't realize the cost of having the bully pulpit basically empty. Yeah. I mean it was, I mean, ever since television was, You know, was invented, communication is just an essential part of the job. And you could say like, that's not fair or that doesn't shouldn't matter, but it just does. Yeah. And I, I, the bar was lowered like gradually. 'cause I remember when he gave the State of the Union in February of 2023, and I remember watching that State of the Union without looking at Twitter or any of the reaction, just like, how do I think he's doing? And I was like, he's, he, he got path, he got through it, he's okay.


And then I turned to the coverage, or at least like social media and everyone was like, that was amazing. He's great. And I'm like, he was good. Like he didn't have any stumbles. And he was like quick on his feet to like joust with the Republicans, but it wasn't like, great. And then you think to yourself, and you guys talk about this in the book a lot, that there's the Biden ness, right? Which is Joe Biden forever when he was much younger, was still long-winded, gives very long answers, tells stories, very gaff prone. And so as he gets older, and especially as he gets into this term as president, you're like, is that just Joe Biden being the typical Joe Biden who tells really long stories, stumbles gaffes that he's been doing forever?


Or is it something else? And I do think that was, it was legitimately difficult to figure that out for a while. So I'm from Philadelphia, so Joe Biden has been on my TV since I was three because Delaware is such a small state. They don't have a media market. They rely on ours. A lot Of toll booths, but no media market. Yeah. And so the very first, I was a cartoonist in college, and the very first cartoon I did for the Daily Dartmouth was making fun of Joe Biden for his plagiarism scandal. So this is somebody, so you You've, you've had it out for him forever. Yes. No, it's just, this is Actually new information to me.


I was, I, when I worked for salon.com, I interviewed or I was part of a briefing that he did in 2001. So I am, I've been aware of this guy for a long, long time. And the Biden is, and this is, this is in the book and it's an important part of not to let anybody off the hook, but it's an important part of why for some people it was difficult to understand what was going on with him is that he's always been long-winded. He's always told long, pointless stories. He's, he's, he's always been a blowhard and he's always been gaff prone. And in fact, it's really remarkable the degree to which his vice presidential staff reinvented him as the cool avuncular uncle with the aviators and the ice cream and the Camaro.


This crowd looks like they're at least my age. And so like, You know, like there was a time when he was just kind of known as a blow hard senator. In fact, not to bring up another uncomfortable moment from the Obama campaign, but here I go, Jake, Jake Jake's memory, if only there was somebody we could harness it to generate some sort of renewable pro. Well, I Was gonna say, you can buy Original Sin Now Profile of Barack Obama in Rolling Stone Magazine in 2007 or 2008. And there is a moment where Barack Obama is sitting at a hearing and the chairman of the committee, unnamed is speaking and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And Barack Obama writes in a piece of paper and hands it to Gibbs, Robert Gibbs shoot me now Remember That?


Yeah, I remember Who's the chairman and what's the committee? Yeah. Joe Biden, Senate Foreign Relations. Well, And look, that was, that had been my impression of Joe Biden until he was vice president and we all worked in The White House. He's a great vice president and, and I do think Created, yeah, I do think there was part of him that was like, he wanted to, he did want to show some discipline as vice president. He had ascended to this role. And he's just, I mean, for all the blowhard and the stories, he was also like such a, a good human being. And he was like very grounded. And I think the relationship, and we can talk about where it ended up, but the relationship between he and Obama, which started as, okay, this is a partnership. It makes sense to you. They became really, really close by the end of those four years.


And then I think beyond that, we all know what, what happened, but Yeah. No, but, but my point is just that, that Biden is in the book, we have aids who are like, well, is he just telling a story like he always does? Or is this something else? Is he just being completely inappropriate because he's 79 or has he always been completely inappropriate? We have a, a one European leader sitting down having a meeting with Biden during his presidency and Biden just blah, blah, blah. And like completely misses the brief. Does not talk about what he's supposed to, and this leader says something. But he's always been a bit like that, right? Yeah. I mean, You know, so it was not necessarily, people didn't notice it at, at first.


Well, and this is, I mean, and in some, like, this story is very familiar, I think to basically everybody who has an aging relative, right? And, you know, is the relative doing X because there's something off, or just because they're just being themselves and they're just older, You know? And, but in this case it happened on the largest stage with like potential consequences for all of us. And that's also, I mean, to, You know, we're poking fun at him a little bit, but You know, that's why we frame the book as a tragedy. Yeah. Because he is a good, i I mean by all, like he is a good man and a well-intentioned one. And he was undone by both power, his own ego and his own like, You know, I think in some ways a virtue of never giving up that became sort of a tragic vice


Pod. Save America is brought to you by wild Alaskan company. Wild Alaskan company is the best way to get wild caught, perfectly portioned, nutrient-dense seafood delivered directly to your door. Trust me, you haven't tasted fish this good. You know, when you like go to the store and you buy fish, you gotta get it home. It's in your car, it's getting hot. It's, it's inconvenient. The clock is ticking, the clock is ticking on that fish. Yeah. TikTok. But with, while Alaska company I've used it, it's amazing. It arrives. Yeah. And you can just throw it in the fridge for the next day, basically it comes, it's frozen, fresh it comes. You could just, the night before you're like, oh, let's have fish tomorrow. Yeah, you put it in the fridge and then you've got great portioned fish. It's awesome. We did Something the other night. We had some salmon. Oh god. What kind of white fish was it? I don't know. It tasted great in tacos. It was Delicious. Yeah. I'm a huge fan. Wild Alaskan is a hundred percent wild caught, never farmed. That means there are no antibiotics, GMOs or additives. Just clean real fish that supports healthy oceans and fishing communities while Alaska fish is frozen off the boat to lock and taste texture and nutrients. Like omega threes wild caught from Alaska. Every order supports sustainable harvesting practices. And your membership delivers flexible shipments, expert tips, and truly feel good seafood. I also had some salmon, I had halibut. That was great. Mm. If you're not completely satisfied with your first box, wild LA and company, we'll give you a full refund. No questions asked, no risk, just high quality seafood. Not all fish are the same. Get seafood you can trust. Go to wild alaska.com/crooked for $35 off your first box of premium wild caught seafood. That's wild alaskan.com/crooked for $35 off your first order. Thanks to Wild Alaskan Company for sponsoring this episode.


Some say, ooo, business management software is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. Some say Ooo is like a magic beans stock scaling with you while being magically affordable. And some say odus programs for manufacturing accounting and more are like building blocks for creating a custom software suite. But I say ooo, is all of it fertilizer magic beans, stock building blocks for business? Yeah. Ooo. Exactly what every business needs. Sign up@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


Well, there's also, I think there's a, a, a a another, a more generous version of Biden is too, which is something I felt even in the days after the debate, which is part of why I think we would watch that State of the Union or other big Biden moments and feel like, am I misreading this? Is he doing better than I feel? Is because even in in past debates, there was a a sense that, You know what the, the, the people that are hyper engaged in politics, people that have maybe been writers in their lives watch it in a different way, in a more kind of persnickety and kind of like, like the Russian judges kind of grading on points, watching for style are more, more know.


They already know what Biden thinks. They already know his policy views. So they're watching the language, they're watching the stumbles. But people that are just trying to understand what he stands for and what he believes and who he is as a person aren't feeling that. And the other part of this too is he was underestimated. That's a wrong claim point throughout his life, throughout his life. And as a candidate, You know, that, that he was underestimated in the 2020 primaries. He pulls it out. He, in the first two years of his administration, I think governs in an extraordinary way, has achievements through Congress that a lot of people thought were impossible, plays his hand as well as anybody could possibly play it. And I remember when Dean Phillips first jumps in, one of the challenges he has is age was the critique, right? This is before October 7th.


And a lot of the followup that caused, and, and I think part of what you cover in the book does reveal why he had such trouble communicating and, and also adjusting. But it was hard to make an argument against Joe Biden, especially in the first two years of his term because it was hard to point to moments where age really had limited his ability to govern. When you look at the legislative achievements, when you look at his response to the pandemic and, and the economic crisis. So I, I do think that was part of it too, that a lot of people had felt uncertain about their own judgment, especially in a world, in a world where Donald Trump could win. And Joe Biden was the only person who could beat him. That, that, who are we to question the people around Joe Biden when he'd been so successful?


Yeah, I mean you remember during the 20 19 20 20 Democratic primary when Joe Biden was like, I'm gonna be able to negotiate with Mitch McConnell. There were little gfas from the base of the party. And Joe Biden passed an infrastructure bill with I think 19 Senate Republicans. Don't quote me on that, but like, and then did an event in early 2023 with Mitch McConnell in Kentucky and Mitch McConnell called the infrastructure bill a legislative miracle. So you could also imagine how Joe Biden and the people, You know, in his inner circle who had felt underestimated, who had listened to the people laughing at them, were saying, oh, You know, but that also created this insularity Yeah.


Where eventually they would not listen to outside critics even well-intentioned ones. So America loves an underdog, and Joe Biden has been an underdog throughout his life. And one of the qualities that the American people love about him, admire about him is his ability to get up off the ground after fate or God or whatever has thrown something horrible at him, whether it's a debilitating stutter or that horrible car accident that took the life of his wife and daughter and sent his two sons to the hospital in 1972, or his brain aneurysms in 1988 and on and on and on.


And what is, what makes this a tragedy is that it's that quality that makes it so he can't see when it is actually time to give up because he has been so determined to fight and achieve and do good things for the country. He's not, he's not, I mean, members of his family might be, but he's not trying to enrich himself as president of the United States. And then the other tragedy about this story is that he defined his presidency as a battle for the soul of America to save America from Trump and Trumpism. And because of those decisions he made to run for reelection and to hide what was happening to him, he delivered the country back into the hands of Donald Trump.


Yeah. And look, this is why, You know, reading your book and just having experienced the last couple years, You know, like I have anger towards Joe Biden, I think I have more anger, especially after reading your book at the, towards the like close group of advisors that kept most of the other White House staff, campaign staff pollsters, everyone else at bay. And, and no one thought to themselves, can this guy really do it? Is this a good idea? I thought one of the most shocking revelations in the book for me was you talk to some people who worked for Biden back in 2020 and you write that ahead of the Democratic National Convention in 2020, Biden did a series of zooms to produce a campaign video of him talking to voters.


And one Democrat you talked to said, who's working with the Biden campaign, it was like a different person. This was like watching grandpa who shouldn't be driving. I didn't think he Could be president. This was when some top Democrats entered an angry phase. I became disillusioned with the entire apparatus because what I was seeing on this video in 2020, that means people working for him every day see this. Did anyone else tell you that they had concerns as far back as 2020? A small handful of people who had known him for a long time. One said that the first time that they noticed any sort of deterioration came after his son Bo's, tragic death of brain cancer in May, 2015.


And this person, this top aide said it was like watching water poured on sand what happened to Biden's psyche. And then there were people that popped in on him in 20 17, 20 18 before he ran, who said it seemed as though he'd aged 10 years in, in one or two. And then in the her report, when Robert Hur does his special counsel report on Biden's mishandling of classified information, one of the things that, one of the reasons they conclude that they can't prosecute Biden successfully, even though they conclude he did break the law with the, with the classified information, was not just the interview they did with Biden in October, 2023, that the, the audio of which was released a few weeks ago, but because of the audio, the tapes that they had of Biden talking to his ghost writer in 20 17, 20 18, where it sounds like debate Biden or for wanting of a want of a better turn, non-functioning Biden, where he is not clear on dates where he is not clear on situations.


And he loses his train of thought in a, in a major way. And Alex had great reporting in the book that suggested that AIDS said, would privately acknowledge that while COVID was one of the worst things to happen to the United States, it was one of the best things to happen to Joe Biden's presidential campaign in 2020. 'cause he Could run from his basement. I still, I also can't believe that there was no real discussion or debate among Biden and even his broader circle of advisors, senior staff about running for reelection in 2024.


Particularly because, You know, he talks about himself in the 2020 campaign. Now famously, as You know, I'm nothing more than a bridge to this generation of new leaders behind me. He also says in 2020, I'm, I'm just a transitional candidate. So he doesn't take a one term pledge, but makes it seem like he may only serve one term. And then I remember thinking to myself like, is he gonna run for reelection? Like, it doesn't seem like, and then we did well in the midterms and I was like, oh, I, I wonder if, I wonder if they're gonna have a debate about this, but it sounds like there was no real meeting discussion, anything. Yeah. And What's sort of shocking is one of the most consequential political decisions, perhaps in American history of is how little process there actually was.


And basically what happened was Joe Biden, who, You know, we were someone close to him said he's nothing if not for this. I mean, it's the guy that had been thinking about being president as soon as he was constitutionally eligible to be president. And that was in 1977. And he basically, he wanted to run for reelection. The first lady wanted him to run for reelection. Somebody equated Joe Biden like a, a long term advisor. There was this metaphor. He is like a shark, he just has to keep swimming or he'll die. And, and basic Men need therapy. And if you're a man here and you're not in therapy, do a favor for your wife Or Husband or husband.


Thanks Jake. Gay splain to me during fucking pride. Somebody needed the gay splain, I'm sorry, I was right here. Sorry I interrupted you. But yeah, I mean Basically Like just that he was gonna run. Jill and Hunter were completely on board and you know, and, and we can get into the Hunter stuff later if you want to, but You know, hunter had obviously, You know, spiraled and I think saw in his dad's presidency in the fight against Trump sort of a, a chance to redeem himself and also a way, if we're being honest, to stay outta prison.


And I think basically the family decided, and when anybody in the inner circle was like, are we gonna talk about this? Are we gonna have a real discussion debate word came down from Mike Donald said, presidents decided it's over. And you know, in fairness, like even those that had concerns, none of them ever got in Joe Biden's face. You could say that's part because of their own, You know, cowardice or also because of the culture that Biden and the family in particular had created where descent or questioning was immediately suspected as disloyalty. Barack Obama went by the White House in spring summer 2023 to kind of kick the tires and see if this was a good idea.


And at that point their, their relationship was, was strained enough because as Obama would put it, when people would say to him, are you, is is Biden really gonna run for reelection? You should talk to him. And he'd say, and he would say like, You know, he, he's he's still pissed at me for backing Hillary in 2016. So their relationship was at the point where he Obama didn't feel like he Could say, Hey, you should, you should think twice about this. Just say about the the Hillary thing Too. Like this because the time It's not true. Yes, It's not, well the timeline on this is also, I think it's confusing for people because the way the story is told, it's like the beginning of the 2016 race and it's Hillary and Bernie and Joe Biden and Obama's like, and I pick Hillary and that's not what happened at all.


What happened was Joe Bo dies and Joe Biden is mourning his son, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton enter the race. They have six, seven months of campaigning. They're, they have organizations in Iowa, 10 months. 10 months, okay. 10 months of campaigning. They're getting, this is In the book, just so You know this, he's, he, this is, this is, he's not lecturing us. He wants to make sure, You know, well 'cause it just gets confusing about like why. And so Joe Biden contemplates in the fall, a late entry into the race after Hillary and Bernie had already been campaigning against each other forever and have these big organizations in Iowa and then goes to Obama and is like, can I jump into the race this late? And Obama's like, well if you jump into the race this late, a probably it's gonna help Bernie Sanders win.


Because Hillary and Biden would split the vote of like non progressives and also was genuinely concerned. You guys write this in the book, genuinely concerned about him because he had s he was still grieving his son. And, but that, You know, It, it became in Biden's brain. And look, we, we write about this in the book, this the Biden mythology and all politicians have their own mythology, but part of by 20 19, 20 20, it had, it had changed into a theology where there was just this faith and it's a, it's a small cult of people who believed in it, but there was, but like all religions skeptics were not allowed.


And this belief, and part of this mythology or theology is Barack didn't back me in 2016, which is also one of the reasons why, although Alex and I differ on why did Biden endorse Kamala so quickly, my version is the, is the more charitable one, which is he's proud of the fact that he picked Kamala Harris to be his vice president. Not so much for Kamala Harris, but because of what she represents and he doesn't want to do to her what he thinks Obama did to him, which as you note is not really accurate. It's revisionist history. Yeah. But that's how he thinks of it. Well, And I think that what Jake said is true. I just also think that Biden as he is, You know, fuming is like, oh, you're gonna kick me out.


You get Kamala, You know, like you're, you're not gonna be able to get the open process that you guys want, that Obama wants, that Pelosi wants. Like I get to choose who it is and also I'm gonna show what it means to really be loyal to my vice president. And this is One of the few areas of disagreement. There's word versus Google Docs. This is what Mo what motivates him. And, and, and we've learned in, in our San Francisco leg of the tour, he thinks that the Rock is a good movie. That's ano the, These are, oh, I, I'm with Alex on That. What kind of, thank you. Thank you. What kind of a feet opinion is that? The Rock is not a good movie. What Man, the people are with me.


Jake, What a ridiculous statement. But I will say, You know, and you guys saw this, that resentment toward Obama and and I all The reporting. Yeah. We, we got some of that too. Well this, This, like, you remember in 2019, Biden would not appear on Pod Save America. I think every, every Democrat running for president appeared on Pod Save America. Every Democrat appeared on the ax files with former Obama advisor, David Axelrod. Joe Biden didn't, and I mean you I think he did in the general election. Yeah, we got him. Got it. Well, whenever Joe Biden comes on Pod Save America, he does win One and one. There, there is one. Biden Aid said to us, I that when he's talking about the elites, he's talking about Obama.


Yeah. Which is which it's just, it's it's sad. And I don't like, not just Obama, he's probably talking about us too, but I'm just saying like Obama is definitely in his brain when he is thinking that. So here's The other thing I've always wondered too, like as, so he decides he's gonna run again. And I think a lot of people are like, well why, why didn't the Democratic party do something? Why didn't someone get involved? Did you guys in your reporting hear anything about other potential candidates in 2024? Like were some of them getting ready? Were they thinking about it because honestly like they are as responsible. Like someone would've had to run against him and we would always 'cause people like our, our staff was like, why is Joe Biden the one and other people?


And I'd be like, look, someone's gotta run against him, You know? Then Dean Phillips ended up Doing one. Did you guys, you guys interviewed Dean Phillips? Yeah. Like M-S-N-B-C would not even have Dean Phillips on you guys like did a tough like good interview with him. Yeah. And was not, and look, and we were, I, during that interview I was like, well, I get why someone is running against Joe Biden. It didn't seem like he had, and he did it. And in fairness to Dean Phillips, he was like, look, no one else would do it. Yeah. He tried to get Whitmer Pritzker, Newsom Beshe. He, he tried to get them to run. Some of them wouldn't even take his call. Bill Dailey Obama's former chief of staff, former Clinton Commerce secretary, he tried to get people to run.


Nobody would do it. You know, there isn't a very long proud history of people challenging incumbent presidents and, and defeating them in primaries. Usually what happens is Ted Kennedy being the one exception, usually you go off into disgrace. Right. People still though were mad at Ted Kennedy for cen not centuries, for decades. Well, it felt like centuries for, for, for, for, You know, blaming him for, You know, weakening Jimmy Carter. So Ronald, I mean it's, it's stupid. It's as revisionist. But yeah, there were candidates that were up until the end of 2023 watching to see if Joe Biden was actually gonna go through with this.


And there were maybe five or six that could have on a dime, put a campaign together. I think Newsom Harris, Whitmer Buttigieg, maybe Pritzker. Am I, am I forgetting anything? Yeah. I mean, and There Was Clo and Klobuchar, they they could have they, but nobody was gonna do it against him. Yeah. There, there was sort of a, just in case primary like going on. I mean, you had Pritzker Newsom like cutting checks for like the, the Charleston South Carolina mayoral race in 2023. I'm sure it was completely just good intention outta the kindness their hearts to get involved in those races.


And Yeah, they, they like, there was quietly everyone was pitching. And it got to the point actually in early 2024, where Biden campaign chair, general Mallie Dillon actually starts calling some of the governors and be like, and feels like they're sort of subtly trying to undermine Biden. She hears that Governor Healy of Massachusetts is talking up Whitmer. Yeah. And she and O'Malley Dylan gets mad about it. I will say though, something that is very specific to where we are as a country right now is first of all, there is very little incentive for courage built into our politics. People are all about the base and all about not rocking the boat. Second of all, parties are so weak right now, this is a smart crowd.


So I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna ask, can you name who was DNC chair during the Biden presidency? Jamie Harrison. But I had to be to it. But, but this was not somebody who was brought in because he was gonna be able to tell Joe Biden some hard truths. Well, You know, this is, there's a Maah Healey. I, I think there's the, I think there's a way to get from that to some of the larger lessons that we should take forward from this other than to probably not nominate Joe Biden in 2028, which I think we're all Settled Pretty good on You. Just, he's gonna resent bad save of America even more now. Yeah. But You Know, you joke about that they still, to this day, Biden and his top aide say that he Could have won, could have beaten Trump and he Could serve as president until January 20, 29.


I just think that's sad and they Still argue that point. But the, the, the, the, I think this gets at what I was gonna point at from the book, which is you have this, there's a moment with EY where she's walking out of the, I guess the White House, and she says to Rashia, I'd love to see the polling. And he's like, I know polling and I, I believe it's directly to you, a as as a quote where she says there's no chessboard, some to paraphrase, there's no one pulling the, the strings behind the scenes. There was just one old man and his enablers who refused to do the right thing. It's basically what she says. And that was sort of my, as I'm reading the book, I was like, oh my God, everyone was feeling the same way.


Everyone had these questions. If you saw Joe Biden once at a, at his worst, you thought, is this a strange ace? Am I seeing something that no one else is seeing? I'm being reassured. And it's not just people that are seeing him at town halls. It's, it's governors, it's senators. There was nobody making some, there was no grand, there was no grand decision being made. There was no DNC making machinations. It was just a bunch of people kind of fuddling along making the best decisions they thought they needed to make each day leading us to this kind of cataclysm. And the reason why they began increasingly shielding him from governors from is to make people say, oh, it was just a one-off.


It must have just been sort of a bad day, bad hour. And and they, they were gaslighting not just like the public and reporters, but they were gaslighting, You know, their own members and leaders of the Democratic party. Members of their own cabinet. Yeah. And, and they were, one of the things we learned in this, we learned so much while researching this book, but one of the things we learned is they weren't just hiding Biden from the world. They were hiding the world from Biden. And when we talked to his pollsters, they are in, in my view, some of the most moving and alarming sections of the book have to do with these three pollsters. Most poll pollsters don't work in the White House. Pollsters always work outside of the White House. And the campaign had somebody that did data, but then there were also these three pollsters, three of the best in the business.


Great pollsters. Yeah, Jeff Garrin and Molly Murphy and Jeffrey Pollock. And they w they had data and they couldn't ever bring it to the president, which is crazy. But they would bring it to Donald and Rachetti and then Donald and Rachetti would put it through the Donald and Rachety Eer and present it to Joe Biden. It's a landslide bus. They, Well they also then they told the New Yorker that they genuinely believed that polling is broken now. And so polling doesn't matter, even though they had polling that was telling them bad things. And when David Pluff came in after Biden had dropped out and he saw the actual polling and saw that not only were they gonna lose all of the battleground states and by a lot, but they were on track to lose Minnesota and Virginia.


Colorado and Virginia and New, and New Mexico, I think was on the bubble and New Hampshire, and it would've been a blood bath. And whatever you think of Kamala Harris, she at least brought the party to treading water. And so it was, it was a bad night, but it wasn't just a complete wipe out. Yeah. Like, Yeah. The Trump campaign believes like they would've a 57, potentially a 57 seat majority in the Senate if it had not been for Kamala Harris top ticket. It's 53 right now. Just Yeah. For people who are normal,


Today's presenting sponsor is Simply safe Home Security School's out, the kids are home and the schedules are all over the place. Simply safe is how you can keep a sense of calm, mid the chaos. Whether it's monitoring deliveries, keeping tabs on the front door, or just knowing your home is protected. SimpliSafe has your back all summer long. I've set up a SimpliSafe system. It's incredibly easy to do. The app is reliable, the customer support is reliable. It's easy to customize for your home, and I highly recommend it. Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in. That's too late. Too late. SimpliSafe new active guard Outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking, agents can talk to them in real time, turn on spotlights and call the police proactively to turn crime before it starts. No contracts, no hidden fees. SimpliSafe is named Best Home Security system of 2025 by CNET and trusted by over 4 million Americans. Ranked number one in customer service by Newsweek and u today. Monitoring plans start around $1 per day, 60 day money back guarantee. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and are all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


Since the book, you guys have taken a lot of shit from both the the right and, and Democrats Biden supporters on the right. Oh boy, read the tweets, baby. Well, this, I'm, I, I'm confused about this because they have accused the Trump media folks have accused you guys of being part of the coverup that you write about. Actually, it's just Jay, me, it's not, it's mostly Jay. It's, it's mostly it's just me. But like most a, most of the information in the book you found out after the election, B before the election. Like people who spent time around Biden either wouldn't talk to reporters or wouldn't tell reporters the truth.


So what is the cri what were you guys, what was the media? Not just you two, but like the media. I mean, Alex, Alex, you won an award at the correspondence center and even you said like, this is a story. We all miss my family here. And I thought that was, I was like, I don't know that you guys necessarily missed the story because there wasn't a story to get if the people who could tell the story refused to tell it. I think so a, a few different points on that. I think there is a difference between, while a lot of Rightwing media was right to be skeptical, You know, of, of Biden's abilities, there's a big difference between showing on a loop, him stumbling up the stairs of Air Force One and doing behind the scenes reporting.


I also said, I thought we missed a lot of the story in part because Jake and I had just done this book and I was like, holy shit, there was a lot that, that I didn't know. Now that being said, I do think in particular for reporting and reporters, a hinge moment is after Robert Her's report in early 2024, in which, You know, he basically decides not to prosecute Joe Biden. And because he says the jury would not convict such an, You know, a, an old man with a bad memory. And if you look at the coverage, I think the White House comms team, You know, props, then they did a very good job. But I think if you look at the coverage, it was not skeptical enough.


And I think that's, if I think it, You know, I think the fairest critique is really those like four or five months before the debate when after the special council report. I think that's, that's what I think, like you can really, I think, objectively argue the media did not do a good enough job. Yeah. What About you? I mean, I, I think I had To, I had to watch Megan Kelly yell at you for a while on that show. I was like, what? What? I think you Actually didn't have to, I think That the conservative media we discovered while we were reporting this was right to be skeptical, skeptical of his acuity from the beginning, from 2019 because our reporting suggested that it was, it was an issue as far back as 2015.


And so, You know, when I get new information, I change my mind, which is not, I think, a difficult thing for mature adults to do. Yeah, you'd be surprised. I have, I have no, I have no problem acknowledging that the skepticism in 20 19, 20 20 about his acuity was correct. I thought he was aging. I didn't see acuity issues at that time. I was mistaken. The tone and tenor of some of the criticism, I think is rooted in the fact that a lot of these same people said that when Obama took office, he was a secret Muslim.


That the new Black Panthers, Panthers were gonna take over the country. That Hillary was gonna die in 2016, that the election was stolen in 2020 and on and on and on. I mean, the, The current president just a couple days ago shared a post that said actually Biden was executed in 2020 and it was a body double the entire time. I, I do, and By the way, we should have paid more for that body double. Thank you. Can we not get a, if we're, if we're gonna replace the guy, okay, this guy, we got a used body double. Do You have anything in Orion Reynolds? Like Yeah, something got something new off the lot here. So I think that they are are, and, and you know, they were right about this.


And now again, as Alex says, there's a difference between broken clock, You know, well, there's a difference between calling him an applesauce head and laughing at him and saying he needs a sippy cup and showing these clips on a loop and doing investigative reporting. But that said, because of what you mentioned, it was a, it took a lot to do investigative reporting on this. And even if you go back and read some of the pieces that really were shocking at the time, Peter Baker wrote one in 2023 about how much rest they built into his schedule in terms of trips. Alex's incredible scoops about Biden's schedule, the Wall Street Journal reporters, Sivan Hughes and Annie Linsky.


Like even if you, if you go back and read those incredibly important stories that were very difficult and brought a lot of criticism to the reporters, they're nothing compared to what we found out after the election was over. And people felt like, okay, I don't have to worry about helping to elect Trump. He already won. So now I can unburden myself. I'd also just also add to that the American people had made up their decision on Joe Biden's age. They had decided he was too old to seek reelection. They Decided that in 2022. And, but so to the, the idea that this is something that wasn't in front of people, right? That wasn't a big subject of discussion. It was one of the most important debates. We were talking about it on Pod Save America all the time. How does he address this liability?


He's failing to address it in the weeks after the debate. It was shocking. Not just the performance in the debate, but that the obvious solution is him going out there and over and over again was not one they were taking advantage of. And it's, it's really chilling to read in the book that that's not a demand being made just from people on the outside. Chuck Schumer's asking that different senators are asking that. And Schumer concludes that he's not doing it because he can't Now I'm sorry to do this and 'cause I do think we have some audio that I think is important to play and I think it is an indictment of you personally. Okay, Jake, speaking of, I know what this is, speaking of Chuck Schumer.


I did listen to part of the book in the car. Oh, I did some on the text, but some, I'm excited for this in the car. Can we just play a little bit of the audio version of Original Sin? I'm urging you not to run. Do you think Kamala can win? Biden asked. I don't know if she can win. Schumer said, I just know that you cannot. Biden said that he needed a weak, they stood on their way out. Biden put his hands on Schumer's shoulders. You have bigger balls than anyone I've ever met. Biden told him You did a voice. What the, was that?


Multiple voices. Wow. I screwed up. I should have listened to the audio over you. Well, I don't even know how it's possible that your impression of Chuck Schumer's antisemitic, you're a Jewish man, You're From Philadelphia. I will tell you wherever I go on this book tour, people come and they say, I'm listening to the book on tape. And I love your impression. That is the God's honest truth. This is actually the first time I have heard that. Yeah, me too. And, and, and that I thought it was good. Also, you did a Biden too. Could use some Mark The Biden rule. I was holding back 'cause I didn't want it to be full antisemitic. Yeah, that's Right.


You went half just Slightly. You went half. Unbelievable. I'm Jewish in case Helix Jewish. She's Jewish. He's Jewish. Jewish. He's Jewish. Jewish and very proud of it. And if you have a problem with that, you can leave. Okay. I'll do a last question that's based on the criticism that you guys have gotten from a, a lot of Democrats. This is criticism we get whenever we talk about it, which is why is this still relevant now? And leave the guy alone, You know, leave, leave the past in the past. And let's focus on the current president who at least half the country would argue is, is more unfit than Joe Biden, albeit for different reasons.


What do you guys say to that? I mean, I would say this is part of the reason why the Democratic party's in the situation it's in. I mean, anytime there was any coverage about age, whether or not I brought it up or Jake brought it up, it was what about Trump? And you know, reporting is about holding up a mirror and the Democratic Party can either look in the mirror and recognize this is part of the reason they lost that. You know, while they rightly mock Republicans for trashing Trump in private and then going out there and saying he's the most ethical, bestest president in his American history. You know, they were doing the exact same thing when they were trotting out, being like, Biden is sharp, he's running circles around us.


He's so engaged. You wouldn't even believe it. All you had to do is be in the meetings and it just wasn't true. So I guess, You know, Democrats, if they, if they want, I have no idea if the Democratic party, if the voters are actually going to engage with the content of this book. But reporting is just about trying to hold up that mirror in front of people and whether or not they look in is up to them. So I have two points on this. First of all, it just happened, the debate wasn't even a year ago. It was June of last year. I mean, it just happened. When are, when were we supposed to write books? Yeah. By the way, also, I learned here tonight that you did the book proposal on November 6th.


You are sick. Yeah, you're a sick man. I have problems. The other, the other point I would make, it's true. I'm very driven. I'm praying. I agree. I'm, I'm not cares Too much, much. That's his biggest weakness. That's my, oh, this, okay. Quick Obama aside. Oh no, this is my, no, this is a good Obama story. This is one of my favorite Obama stories. It's one of the first debates in 2020, in 27, 2007 or 2008. Yeah. And it's like Hillary, Edward, John Edwards and Obama. And they're asked, what is your biggest fault? And Obama goes first. And it's like, well, I'm really messy of a messy desk. It's a real problem. And then John Edwards is like, I, I care so much about people, the Voices, the Voices.


I really, really, it, it's a problem. I really care about the American. And then Hillary's like, I work so hard. I work so hard. It's a good answer. The American people. And they, and then Obama's like, wait a second. I didn't think we were giving answers like that. I thought, I thought we were supposed to really answer the question. The best Obama moment ever. And Then he would, he would tell that story on the stump for like the next couple weeks. It was like a great laugh line in the Stump. The other thing i I I would say in response to the, why aren't you covering Trump? I cover Trump every day for two hours. Still even on the road. But beyond that. So I don't know how many of you have gone to New York to see goodnight and good luck if you haven't yet, it's great if you haven't yet.


CNN is actually gonna show it on Saturday night on CNN and you should see it 'cause it's really good. It's a, they're, they're, they're doing a live cast, cast broadcast of, of the play. But at the very end of the whole play takes place in 1954. It's Murrow and McCarthy and all that. At the very end, there is like a, the one thing that's not said in 1954 is there's this montage of video clips of, of the tele of television news. And you know, there's like the moon landing and JFK getting assassinated and all these things. And at the end of this montage, it's maybe, I don't even know, five, 10 minutes, something like that. It, it goes like that. But at the end of it, there you see Republicans lying about the 2020 election on cable, and then you see Democrats lying about Biden's acuity on cable.


And I asked Clooney for an interview I did when we did the New Yorker excerpt of the, of the book, just to give like a little special something for the, for the New Yorker. I asked Clooney to weigh in. Why did you put that in? Obviously George Clooney played a role in all of this when he wrote his op-ed calling for Biden to drop out. And he said, it's important that we, that we, You know, call that out to the people vouching for Biden because we have to speak truth to power no matter who's in power. And I said, well, what do you tell people who say, You know, what about Trump? He said, how do you think we got Trump? Yeah, I mean, yeah.


I mean, look from a perspective of, You know, a couple Democrats who want Democrats to win again. Like you can't, you cannot tell people that what they are seeing and what they are hearing isn't true. And it wasn't just over the last four years, it was a Biden thing with the age look. It was also about inflation and costs. And, and you know, someone would say, oh, gas prices are high. And then someone would say, oh, well you just took that picture in front of a gas station that where the prices are always high. And it's like, I get that, that can be frustrating. Like I've been on the other side of it. I've, You know, worked in the White House and yelled at reporters, maybe you guys, but like at some point the voters get to decide and you have to listen to the voters because if you do not listen to the voters, you cannot get the votes.


You need to take power. It seems very simple, but it is something that we, we have at least some parts of the party have forgotten. I mean, I think it's a lesson of this book that, You know, there's an old expression that Washington is often the last to get the news and the Democratic party and, and very much including, and especially this, the Biden White House did not want to respect or listen to their own voters. And I, I think you could also argue that the Democratic party has not listened or res totally respected their voters in the last three presidential primaries. And some of the argument has been, well, we don't want a divisive primary because Hillary was hurt by Bernie.


You guys know, the more, the most, the probably the most divisive democratic primary in recent American history was your guys' and Obama entered with 60 like Democratic Senate seats, like divisive primaries allow for debate and for voters to decide who the strongest candidate is. They're not inherently bad. I Would argue that the last time the Democratic party, when on the presidential level listened to its voters was 2008. What About 2020? I don't, no, in 2020, the party. So just to remind folks, Buttigieg won Iowa, Bernie won New Hampshire, Bernie won Nevada, Joe Biden won South Carolina. And then there was this uprising of Obama and the party influencers to get everybody out of the race except for Joe Biden so that they could beat Bernie because they were terrified Bernie was gonna be the nominee.


And they did that. They, I'm not here to advocate for Bernie Sanders, but, and obviously it worked out the way the Democrats wanted it to work out, but the last time Democrats actually in 2012 doesn't really count because it's an incumbent. But the last time there was an open process and the Democrats said, okay, go, You know, Obama, Hillary Edwards, whoever, Biden, Chris dod, whatever, like, and the voters did a pretty good job. Well, the voters also cho I mean, look, yes, vote, but voters chose Joe Biden in that primary in 2020. I, I think I like, I think there's some truth in what you're saying, but I will also say there was another moment when I feel like what we saw was a kind of the voters having their say in a way and, and a kind of moment where you saw how the Democratic party is very different than the Republican party, which is after that debate.


Yeah, because I, I do think there's a part of this story that is, I think even though it did not end the way we had all hoped is inspiring, which is in the wake of that debate, what you saw is people willing to tell the truth about what they saw and the importance of making a change. You have leading Democrats going to Joe Biden asking him to step aside. You have these incredible moments which you report on in the Book of Congress, members of Congress trying to speak directly to Joe Biden about this not liking what they're hearing, not accepting no for an answer. You have people on the outside talking about this. You have people, you have a a a real and genuine moment of a group of people coming together and saying, Hey, for the good of the country, this guy has to step aside because Trump is an existential threat. And it may not have ended in Kamala being president, but it did.


I think speak to, to, to me, like the values you're trying to say we didn't Vic before when Joe, when people were getting behind Joe Biden, we Relat out there. I I would say they, they get half credit. I mean, I think your point is well taken that if, if Donald Trump had had, if Donald Trump had had like, showed serious signs of decline or whatever that, and, and had that similar debate, I, I grant the point that a lot of Republican lawmakers would not have the courage to finally speak out and say something. Yeah, you mean you tried to steal an election in, You know, as stage an insurrection in the Capitol. They're like, all right, let's do it. Had 24 hours of courage in the wake of it. All I'm saying is I think what I take away from it is there was a, we were, there was no one in charge, there was no one making the decision.


We were kind of sleepwalking towards disaster. Yeah. And then after that debate we woke up and the question is now how do we make sure we stay awake and are honest about challenges the Democratic party Faced? Granted, I I was, I was just gonna add though, I don't think you get like points for courage when you only do it because you now believe you might lose. Oh, oh, Alex, I thought we were gonna lose for months. I think we just, we just knew it after the debate. I I, I think that Alex and I have a, have a slightly less positive review of, of Democrats. And I'll just tell you why. Like, do, can anybody here guess how many Democratic governors called for Biden to drop out of the race after the debate?


One Governor, governor Healy of Massachusetts. How many democratic senators? One governor, Senator Welsh of, of Vermont. I mean, it, it wasn't an outpouring of courage. It it was a lot of behind the scenes maneuvering. Yeah. Because people didn't No, I want to come across as jerks. There were, the house members were braver. Yeah. And, and they're, You know, they're the lowest on the totem pole in Washington. No, we, We thought we were going insane. We were like, what? What is happening? What did they, did we miss something? Well, the thing that was what was so surprising, right? 'cause we're talking about it and we're getting a lot of blowback online, but privately hearing from a lot of people being like, thank you guys for saying glad you guys are out there saying this. We need people out there saying this.


Yeah. And Then the, the other thing I would say is that the ar the argument is about whether or not he should be the nominee. But the truth of the matter is our reporting suggests that he, he Could not be an effective president 24 7, which is what the job requires. And there's only one member of, there's only one elected Democratic official that I know of, and that's Congresswoman Marie Gamp Perez in Washington State who actually said he shouldn't be the nominee. And to be honest, he probably shouldn't be president either. And though, although you said too in the book, this also shocked me that out of the 200 plus people you guys talked to, there were very few who actually thought he Could serve out a second term, which that means that that would include oh, almost, almost senior White House staff campaign staff who told you that they did not think he Could serve almost None.


Yeah. They were like, the plan was to get to November 5th and figure it out later. I mean, we had one long, long time Biden aid that, I mean that like, that that was, I mean, if, if, You know, the, the right wing sometimes refers to, You know, the Trump derangement syndrome mocking Democrats that I think actually very sincerely are opposed to Trump's agenda. But if you continue the metaphor, the biggest symptom is publicly telling everyone that Joe Biden could be president for another four years. And it, it just wa and the people knew that he Could not do the job he was running for, but there, there was such fear of Trump. They said, let's go. And, you know, members longtime Biden people basically felt that it eventually, if he had won there would've eventually been some sort of constitutional crisis because clearly the people around him were not willing to like C Power Tell, tell them.


So we always say that we almost all the interviews of the more than 200 we did for the book, were after the election, we have to put in this stupid almost because of this one interview that Alex did with somebody and tell them what they told you. I mean, they were honest. It was a long time Biden aid and they said all he had to do was win and then only had to show proof of life every once in a while. What let's I, I've, I feel like we've, I wanna end on a, on a light moment from the book that's le which is, it's a small, we need another clip. Yeah, no, this is a small moment, but it, We didn't even play my Obama, which is really good. Yeah, That is true. His Obama is good. Not because I've listened, but because he, he Hello Joe. It all the time Save it for the sequel, but the, The Return of Hunter.


You, You can, you can do the voiceover for the second volume of Promised Land for Obama when he does. But so the debate happens. And how does it come to be that Doug Emh is watching the debate with Rob Reiner and then the debate ends. Rob Reiner furious, starts berating Doug Emh, Poor Doug. Well, I think it was more that he was, that Rob Reiner, who is a very excitable fella, was just screaming and he seemed to be yelling at Emh H and he said, we're gonna lose our fucking democracy because of you. And, and h thought because of me, Because of Sweet Doug.


We can all agree that Doug is not to blame. Well, Okay. That has to be it. That's it. That's it. Doug m Hop now Jake, Alex, thank you so much. Thank you. You ever go by Original Sin? That's our show for today, whoof Long one. Love it. And Tommy and I will be back with a new show on Monday. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, ki Aviv, and David Tolls. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.