
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home security. With longer daylight hours, you may be spending more time away from the house and giving burglars more opportunities to strike FBI crime. Data shows break-ins are more likely during daylight hours than under the cloak of night. Protect your home with simpl safe's proactive security that helps stop threats before they happen. You might have heard us talk once or twice about how John Lovett set up a SimpliSafe. He loves it. And you know you can, you can arm it remotely and you have cameras. And it's great with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning, or when locking up each night, traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees monitoring plans. Start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit simply safe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett and Tommy Vitor. On today's show, we're gonna cover the Supreme Court stopping Alien Enemy Act deportations for now, and bring in strict scrutinies Leah Lipman to tell us what it all means. We'll also talk about Pete Seth's second signal chat scandal and the mutiny against him from within the Pentagon. How the White House started its war with Harvard by mistake in the passing of Pope Francis who held on just long enough to dunk on JD Vance. But let's start with the biggest news from the weekend, which is that the Supreme Court has inched even closer to a full-blown confrontation with the Trump administration over their use of the Alien Enemies Act to deprive people of any due process before disappearing them to prison in El Salvador.


The court issued a highly unusual emergency ruling in the middle of the night that specifically ordered the administration to halt their plans to deport a group of Venezuelans, at least temporarily only Justices Thomas and Alito dissented in just a bit, you're gonna hear Lovett's quick interview with our pal Leah Lipman from Strict Scrutiny about what the ruling means and what's next. Before we get to that, the three of us haven't had a chance to talk since. Marilyn Senator Chris Van Holland returned from El Salvador after his last minute surprise meeting with Kilmore Abrego Garcia, who had been transferred out of Sea Cot to a new prison Bucha. And the Trump White House, of course attacked Van Holland for meeting with the Brio Garcia. Salvador and officials even placed two fake margaritas in front of them to make it seem like everyone's having a good time down there.


When Van Holland returned home two Margaritas. I'm gonna open the jail. All Huh? You got one laugh and a lot of stone faces. Sorry, I know that song. It's okay. I thought we'd go with like a, like a wasting away in Margaritaville. No. Nope. No. Okay. When Van Holland returned home, he did all the Sunday shows. Here he is patiently answering questions from Fox News anchor Shannon Bream that might have caused me to burst a blood vessel. Did you ask him if he has any association with MS 13? I did not ask him directly. 'cause he is answered that question repeatedly. As his lawyers have my purpose in going there was to number one, see if he was alive. See if he was healthy. Take his story.


Do You worry though that you were sticking your neck out for somebody who maybe down the line is proven to be connected to MS 13? I wanna be very clear, I'm not vouching for the man, I'm vouching for the man's rights. Who did pay for this trip? This was an officially cleared, you know, congressional trip. Clear. So taxpayer basis? Yes. Like every other trip that, like, like the trip Christy Nome took with her fashion show before Sea Cot. Nice. So also two Republican congressmen now We paid for Kmar Rego Garcia's trip too. Yeah. 15 Detention, $6 million a year And lodging. So shut up. So shut up. It was, I I it was really hard to watch the whole interview.


Yeah. Very frustrating. Like Chris Van Holland, patience of a saint there. He's He's doing a good job. You guys have reactions to the meeting and the aftermath. The Trump folks seem to think this is a winning issue for them. And the people will believe that the story is about Democrats trying to bring an MS 13 foreign terrorist back home. I, I think Van Holland did a good job of making it about bigger principles. Like he did exactly what I want Democrats to do in this moment, which is he stepped up, he flew down to El Salvador, he took personal political risk knowing Bouquet would try to humiliate him, which he did with this. It wasn't even, wasn't even a good margarita stunt. It was like a a a cherry or something. No one's drinking margaritas with cherries. What, what He doing, dude, it Was, was in a water glass. It was strange. It was foolish. And then he knew obviously, that Republicans would attack him as like a fan of gang members.


And sure enough, the White House photoshopped a photo of Van Holland with like gang tattoos all over his face and stuff. So it's just childish nonsense. But Van Holland used what little leverage he had as US Senator to get the only results we've seen outside of a cla of a courtroom, which was to get access to Briga Garcia. And I also think, you know, he's someone who's shown a lot of courage on a bunch of issues lately on, on Gaza. A whole bunch of other hosts of other things. And I think that's what we want from someone that like him in a safe seat like Maryland to do. Like put your neck out there. You guys have any thoughts on like why hel allowed the visit last minute? These are all educated guesses because we don't know for sure, But there was a not at all veiled threat that not allowing that access was a violation of international law and could lead to cuts to future US assistance.


Right. Except it would have to be cuts to future US assistance under a, a different regime. I was surprised that he got the meeting. 'cause it's like he's bending to pressure Ben Holland with staying to try to get the meeting. It all feels very like, I think even the margaritas point to Trump and Bucha are doing this on the fly and figuring out what they're doing on the fly. What is the message that putting like two mar like, it's so fucking stupid. But the whole point of Sea Cot is that it's a fucking hellhole that you brag about. The reason Christi Nome and these congress members of Congress took tourist photos in front of these prisoners is to send a message about how fucking terrible, it's so what exactly is the point of the margaritas? He's not terrible. He's actually on a vacation down there.


I thought that's the opposite. He's Troll. Like that's the point. He's he, he likes to troll the left. He does. He is on Twitter all the time. He's super online. So he's saying, oh, you're calling me a, you know, a a a despot and a dictator and that we're torturing this man here he is having a margarita. Yeah, He has risen kind of. He did, he made some jokes. And here he is enjoying a margarita. His Twitter bio used to say world's coolest dictator. Like he just loves to be a troll like this. Right. So then the meeting is a trolls showing that he's fine. That's why the margaritas are there. You know what, it doesn't make need to make sense. Yeah. You can't think about it too much. Well That's my point. Like, why? It's just like All, all right wing politics right now. Right. It's just, they're just, it's just fascist jazz. And they were just, they thought, oh, let's give him a meeting. We'll make it a, we'll make a joke at it. We'll show that he's fine. We'll turn it to our advantage. Yeah. That's bouquet. And then I think the Trump White House is just like they're going all in on the message Democrats love MS 13.


No other facts can penetrate this message. The idea that we just want people to have due process. That the Trump administration already admitted in court multiple times that they made an error. They haven't given any justification for why we're jailing people in a foreign prison perhaps for the rest of their lives. None of that matters at all. Also, they can't, I mean, we'll get to it, but they also just have to either did like kind of quickly glide over or outright ignore the fact that these aren't just Democrats expressing these concerns. It's Reagan appointees. It's three Trump appointees to the Supreme Court. Yeah. And and also just, I wanna point out that another story that was, I think broke late last week. So Trump invoking the Alien Enemies Act requires him to claim that trend UA is invading the US at the behest of the Maduro regime in Venezuela.


Most legal experts believe like that kind of linkage is necessary for a a, a Alien Enemies Act declaration. Both the New York Times and the Washington Post reported that the National Intelligence Council, which is like the, the board that brings together the consensus opinion of the 18 component intelligence agencies have determined that the Venezuelan government does not, they're not directing trend to ua. They're not directing an invasion of the United States. So that undercuts Trump's public statements and the already shaky legal basis for the entire Alien Enemies Act. Invocation. Yeah. And a reminder, the Supreme Court has not ruled on the constitutionality of Trump invoking the Alien Alien Enemies Act. So that could come back to bite them in the ass. Yes. And again, there's no legal justification and nothing in the Alien Enemies Act that says you're not just able to deport people under the Alien Enemies Act.


You're able to send them to a foreign prison and pay a foreign country to jail them. There's no, there's, there's no justification for that anywhere. As a, a judge in the appeals Court noted Nazis were treated better under the Alien Enemies Act. But just your question on the politics, 'cause we right now, Democrats are supposed to be doing some kind of cost of living week or something to that effect. It's cost of living action week, cost Of living action. No cost Action, cost of we're doing, we're taking on cola. I'm not sure what it is. I don't think It's a cola plan. It's a cola. Now you, you've dear listener, you won't know this existed because you didn't get the briefing on the, all the news that you get when you work on Pod Save America.


That's right. Because it's not gonna break through, because this playbook is what the news is. And I, I was thinking about our conversation with Sarah McBride and the way in which Democrats have kinda allowed themselves or boxed themselves in on immigration over the years to the point where you're not supposed to be talking about due process, but also you're not supposed to be talking about border security. Right. Like all of these were sort of unacceptable as the bounds of what we were allowed to discuss got smaller and smaller. And there's this sort of consultant driven, poll driven, best sentence message testing idea that what you really need to be doing is figuring out the message that works with the broadest group of people, but also you should be using that message all the time.


So you need to be trying to win everybody over a little bit all the time. Which in an environment like this means for the most part, winning nobody over all the time you have an issue like this. I, a lot of people may not be following it closely. It probably isn't the most important issue for the vast majority of people that voted in the presidential election. Maybe more people who voted in a midterm. I care about this. But there are millions of people that are highly engaged that do care about this a lot. And if you're just being cynical, if you're just being crass, you can spend every day talking about the economy and the hopes of persuading everybody a little bit inch by inch until the midterms, I guess, even though we have no idea what the contours of that will debate will look like two years from now.


And I, and I'm sure in October of next year, we'll be talking about the, about the economy constantly the who knows what the main debate will be about. But right now, this is the most important way we can respond to the Trump administration. And there are millions of people who want to believe Democrats are credible agents on their behalf. And you have an opportunity to build that credibility with people that are desperate for people to show some, some, some leadership to, to show that they understand and really mean it when they say Trump is a threat to democracy. And so, yes, I I get that there are, you know, I, you guys talked about it Friday, Newsom saying it's a distraction and there are people that think we should only be focused on tariffs in the economy. But right now you can build a lot of trust with a group of people that will be your most important messengers a year from now.


And just on cynical terms, I think that that's worth it. Well, I mean this is not a politically unpopular but courageous and morally right thing to do. It's also politically popular. Like all the, all the, all the polling that's coming out so far is very clear that most people think we should not send people to a foreign prison without a trial. It's just, it's it's been, I have not seen a single poll yet that has argued otherwise. There are some polls that people are saying, oh, well, trump's you know, overall favorability on immigration is still the strongest issue. Yes. When you just scratch one inch beneath that surface, all the pollings has otherwise. Yeah, I I think that's true. But I look, I, But I'm saying, I'm saying that's important because that's why these consultants, the consultant brain is especially dumb on this one.


It's like trying to figure out why bouquet put the margaritas on the table. Yeah. I I I think that like the fair, the more generous argument is to say Sure, sure. But over time you're creating the impression that you're soft. I'm not, I don't agree with Yeah, no, I'm just saying over time, if Democrats pick this fight, what is your memory of this fight? It is not Democrats fighting for border security or fighting to, to, to lower costs. It's Democrats fighting for a more generous immigration system and fighting for an undocumented or a, a illegal immigrant to apply for asylum, what have you. I I don't agree with that argument. Yeah. But we are making, making this salient for people. And I think that is still worth doing because I think years of trying to build a little bit of credibility with everyone all the time has left us with a lack of credibility with just about everyone.


So apparently the list of MS 13 trend deua enthusiasts has grown to now include John Roberts, Brett Kavanaugh, Amy Coney Barrett, Neil Gorsuch, who joined the liberal justices in a late night emergency ruling over the weekend that blocked the deportation of a group of Venezuelans in north Texas under the Alien Enemies Act. The court ruled so quickly that the lower courts hadn't yet ruled. The Justice Department hadn't yet responded to the challenge, and Sam Alito hadn't yet finished his dissent, which it, it very rare that the court releases an opinion without the dissent if the dissent is still being written. Were you guys surprised these geezers work so late? I was, I assume, I assume they're alerted, but then their clerks do most of the work.


I Don't news. Yeah, I think it was the, it's A good question for our Strict Scrutiny policy. Asked Leah next time. Yeah. We talked about why, what it meant that Alitos hadn't yet dotted his right T's and crossed his i's when it went out with Leah. Well, the important point here is that the, the government claimed or tried to claim that it didn't have any imminent plans to deport the immigrants. And the court's ruling when it came as fast as it came, showed that clearly they do not believe them. At least a seven, seven justices did not, were not willing to trust the government and take their word for it. Wild stuff and also a bit complicated. So Love it. Talk to Leah about this ruling and Judge Berg's contempt finding. Here's the interview with Leah


Joining us now, professor of law at the University of Michigan, co-host of Strict Scrutiny, Zingerman's Deli aficionado, and the author of the upcoming book, lawless, how the Supreme Court runs on conservative grievance, fringe theories and Bad Vibes available for Pre-Order Now Out May 13th. Leah Lipman, welcome back. Thanks for having me. I wanna just say, Leah, that I am at an advantage because I've already read the book So you know, everything, why even have me on? So I've been prepared, I have been prepared. Well, you know, it's a book can do many things, but it, it, it can't keep up with the daily news cycle, but it does prepare you for this moment. So I really do urge everyone listening to this to, to pause this podcast and put in a pre-order. Let's get this thing on the bestseller list. That's, that's, that's one thing we can do. Thanks. To fight back against the, you know, the freaks. It Will make Sam Alito very mad if this makes a bestseller List it, it'll I bet. And he keeps up with his Google alerts. Oh yeah. He hate reads the internet.


So a lot of developments over the last few days, there was an extraordinary ruling by Judge Harvey Wilkinson in the Abrego Garcia case on Thursday, on Friday, an appeals court paused Judge James Berg's plan to begin contempt proceedings against the Trump administration over their failure to turn around deportation flights to El Salvador. And then on Saturday in a seven two ruling, the Supreme Court temporarily block the deportations of any Venezuelans held in northern Texas under the Alien Enemies Act. Judge Samuel Alito issued a pissy little dissent to which Justice Clarence Thomas joined. Let's take each piece of this. First of all, what is the status of the boberg contempt proceedings That is on hold?


Because the two to one DC circuit panel, two Trump appointees in the majority paused the contempt order, which basically prevents Judge Boberg from moving forward. And he had asked the government to submit declarations or to purge their contempt by bringing back everyone from the El Salvador in prison that the government had wrongfully sent there. So that is just on hold until further action by the DC circuit. That is that a, like, there are so many strange and extraordinary things happening. How on the list of, obviously it's not high on our list because of what else is happening, but this is a strange order, right? Because Boberg didn't hold anybody in contempt. He was just beginning the process to try to gather information.


It is, as we say, on Strict Scrutiny, just total fuck shit, right? Like you are not ordinarily supposed to be able to appeal a ruling that does nothing, that is not final, that leaves additional things to be determined. And Judge Boberg, as you note, didn't hold anyone in contempt. And he held out the possibility that he would never hold anyone in contempt so long as the government returned people from El Salvador. So I don't know what the f the DC Circuit panel thought that they were pausing, but obviously the prospect of holding the Trump administration accountable under the law was just too galling for them to denote. And they had to take a pause over that one. So as, as you've noted on strict, Trump has a lot of power here. First of all, Boberg might, one way in the past a judge might try to enforce contempt is by referring it to the Department of Justice that's run by a Trump sto Boberg can actually appoint a prosecutor himself, right?


But even then the president would have pardon power, so could shut it down at any moment. This look we're a far, we're far from here, but it is a question that, that I had when Trump pardoned Joe Arpaio, the contempt was concluded, right? If, if the administration takes no steps to right this wrong of these deportations that Judge Boberg ordered stopped before they had even reached El Salvador and Trump pardons anyone connected to it, the crime would be ongoing. It would be a pardon of a bank robber while they're inside of the vault. So presumably contempt would just begin again because the President among though the pardon power is incredible, can't pardon people in the future.


That's true. Although the president can issue a preemptive pardon, you know, here before any criminal prosecution would begin. And it's possible, and I think even likely that in the event the President did that, I don't really see the federal courts then trying to go back and say, well, even though he basically pardoned the offense up until this state, that offense has continued, I think there would be difficult questions about whether it is indeed a new offense. And my guess is the federal court would probably stand down in that situation. So let's talk about what the courts are willing to do. Is there a reason to have some tiny kernel of relief, if not hope that seven members of the court, including three justices appointed by President Trump, stepped in to halt deportations under the Alien Enemies Act.


Short answer, yes. You know, I think at minimum it vinces evinces a sense that the seven justices in the majority aren't willing to take the Trump administration at their word. Because of course, the Trump administration was saying, well, we're giving these guys like reasonable time and reasonable notice to file their challenges when obviously they weren't. And the administration has basically been thumbing their nose at the Supreme Court's directive and Judge Nic's order to bring back Mr. Abrego Garcia. And so I think the Supreme Court looked at all of that and realized, look, the prospect of the government shunting these people off to El Salvador and then never bringing them back is so real. And the harm is so profound.


We need to order a halt until we figure out what is going on and whether the administration is indeed providing the individuals with the notice that we said was required in our previous decision. So you're reading into what would've driven the order, but the order doesn't, it's, it's not detailed. We actually, we got more information in Alitos dissent than we got in the order. But is there any other way to read this than as the seven Justices looking at their previous ruling requiring reasonable time and being concerned that it's not being followed? No one is.


That's basically the point in Justice Alitos dissent, he says, you know, we should assume that the Trump administration is going to comply with our previous order directing them to provide reasonable time and notice. And he faults the seven justices who halted the deportations for not doing so. And I just want to kind of pause on the irony that the Supreme Court basically did in this case, what they faulted Judge Boberg for doing previously, namely halt on a wholesale basis, a bunch of deportations, rather than requiring every individual to challenge their deportation themselves. And I think that underscores what we were talking about, which is the Supreme Court realized the air of their ways that there actually needs to be this wholesale pause because if there isn't, the government is just shuttling people around between jurisdictions trying to find some court somewhere that will allow them to expel these people without due process.


So Alito writes this short but very mad dissent and reading it. I I don't, it's very, it's very technical actually, but it seems to be, if you step back, what he's saying is nothing extraordinary is happening to require this extraordinary response. Yeah. So he basically fault the court for not adhering to their normal process. And the things he points out the court did were one to grant this pause in deportations before waiting to hear the government's response is one thing. Second is the Supreme Court acted by halting the deportations before waiting for the US Court of Appeals, the intermediary court between the trial court and the Supreme to act on the request to halt the deportations.


And so those are two kind of abnormal procedural moves. The seven justices made that Justice Alito says, what reason is there to do that? But the reality is, of course, we're not dealing with ordinary circumstances. So, right. Like you need to adapt in those circumstances where again, it looks like the administration is trying to evade any prospect of judicial review by just quickly expelling individuals without any prospect of judicial oversight. He, he sort of plays dumb like, why would we do this? Why would we do this? But seven of his colleagues have decided it was urgent. And, and there was two aspects of it that I was wanted to hear your take on. One is they put out the order before Alito had written his dissent.


They thought this was such an emergency that they put out the statement freezing the deportations without the attached dissent. And I'm, have you seen that ever before of the dissent coming later? That has happened before. It happens in some courts of appeals and it does sometimes happen in the Supreme Court. It's exceptionally unusual. And honestly, a part of me read into this, the idea that not only do the seven Justices think that the Trump administration might be acting in bad faith, maybe they think Sam Alito is too. Because if he sat on his dissent and just didn't release it until it was too late, until after the administration had expelled the many individuals to El Salvador, then they would be facing the situation once again where they're trying to order the administration to return people from El Salvador.


And so a part of me wondered if that is what was happening. And maybe that's why he's so mad. Although he's usually mad There was, he's, he is usually mad. There was another part of this too, which you also talked about on the most recent episode of Strict, which is there's a kind of jurisdictional issue that happens with members of the Supreme Court for a case like this. And in this case it would've gone to, to Alito alone first. And in that case, normally Alito would've had the chance to rule or refer it to the full court. But it seems like maybe that didn't happen here. Yeah, so there's an odd wording in the order, which just noted there's an application that is pending before the court.


The usual wording is the application was presented to Justice Alito and referred by him to the court. That's not what the order said. And so that too lends itself to some speculation of was Sam Alito just sitting on this application, not referring it to all of the members of the court again in order to buy the administration time. And we don't know whether that did indeed happen. I just like to note to any member of the Supreme Court that I am on signal if you want to accidentally add me to your group chat and let me know what's going on. But that too, you know, is a possibility that the seven justices were just concerned.


He was trying to run out the clock. On the other side of the conservative legal spectrum, you have Judge Harvey Wilkinson who wrote a beautiful and extraordinary ruling around these deportations. And I'm wondering what, you know, it's been a few days since it came out. Is there any part of it that has stuck out with you? Any impression that it's left? I think it was an incredibly powerful writing. I especially appreciated his call to other judges and to the executive branch to insist that the executive branch abide by the law. And I thought that was especially pointed because many of the Supreme Court's actions to date have looked like attempts to avoid confrontations with the Trump administration and to avoid really holding their feet to the fire and them accountable to the law.


Maybe out of concern that they just wouldn't abide by the court's order. But that's an unsustainable state of affairs. You can't just give the administration the green light and not do anything because you think they will disobey a court order. You're in effect like allowing them to violate the law if that's what you do. And so I really appreciated Judge Wilkinson coming down hard on that point and really writing, I think for the Republican appointees on the Supreme Court. Leo Lipman, thank you so much. We'll Be right back. Thank you.


Pod Save America is brought to you by article. We love article furniture. We have a bunch here in the office. Couches, couches, chairs. I got some patio furniture that's article at home. It's great, it's affordable, it looks very expensive, but it's not. Article makes it effortless to create a stylish long-lasting home at an unbeatable price with their curated collection of high quality furniture. Their mid-century modern, coastal, and scandy inspired pieces are designed to shine on their own or pair seamlessly with nearly any other article product. This thoughtful design approach makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a cohesive and stylish space that you'll love for years to come. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada with options for professional assembly. If you prefer a hands-off experience, have a question or need help with your design choices articles, customer care team is available seven days a week offering knowledgeable support and even free interior design services to help you get your home just right With articles. 30 day satisfaction guarantee you can shop with confidence knowing that if you're not completely in love with your new furniture, you can easily return it. This piece of mind ensures you can invest in your home without hesitation. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more.


Alright, So if you're wondering how MAGA types are taking the news of the Supreme Court's intervention, Georgia Congressman Mike Collins retweeted the New York Post headline about the order with the words, let them enforce it. A Trump official named Paul Ingrassia, who's the White House liaison to the Department of Homeland Security, posted on truth social that the court quote, including three members appointed by President Trump, no less is infected with a parasitic ideology and has quote, absolutely no understanding of law and its proper function and role. The CEO of the Federalist said quote, if the Supreme Court is going to ignore the law and the Constitution, then the President is obligated to ignore the Supreme Court and put it in its place.


And MAGA radio host Jesse Kelly wrote, ignore the Supreme Court arrest. Anyone who tries to enforce this, dissolve the Supreme Court entirely if they push. Nevertheless, as lawyers were arguing to halt removals in court, ice buses in Texas carrying detainees we're seen turning around totally normal reactions from MAGA world. How are you guys feeling about all this on one hand, seven two ruling. We like that on the other, the calls from Trump's base to defy the court and by extension the Constitution seem to be getting louder and more numerous Or melt them in acid, it sounds like. Yeah, well yeah, just the, the head of the Federalist posted after that missive when we're done deporting illegals, it's time to start deporting rogue judges.


Huh? Oh, cool, cool, cool. Also, if you're using the word parasitical, you're just trying too hard in my opinion. Yeah. It's Like you're like a, the White House liaison, no Homeland Security. It's not like you gotta Get Some Attention there. Yeah. It's, it's just an intellectual treat to, it was like a intellectual, right? It was just this sort of like treatise about why seven justices, including the three Donald Trump appointed are not just wrong, but they have to be captured by liberal ideology. They must be Evil Because there's, there's no other way to make sense of, of why they would do this. Disagree. Yeah. The, the, like, the, it's interesting, like just these people that you've picked out, a lot of them have sounded like these are the fringe that are now in more either in, in the government or just louder voices that reflect a bigger part of the base.


These are people that have talked this way and thought this way for a long time. Yeah. But for the first time, there's a genuine possibility that, that the president, that the people that work for the president might actually listen Yes. To these cranks, these sort of authoritarian right-wing fucking cranks. And it is really, really scary. I also think it, it's important to note that before this ruling, the Trump was planning to openly defy the Supreme Court by deporting these men without giving them due process that was ordered by the Supreme Court. And they, they were given a piece of paper in English, only told to sign it and then loaded on buses. And thank God the Supreme Court was working weekends this week or else these men would almost certainly be in El Salvador right now.


I and God was the A CLU by the way. Yeah. For, for these lawyers like, you know, sprinting through courtrooms and filing emergency injunctions and doing everything they can to protect these people. I understand why there's been so much focus on Abrego Garcia because that is the one case where the government admitted in court multiple times that it was an error. But when you really dig into a lot of these folks who were getting deported under Alien Enemies Act to El Salvador, you know, the, the administration's putting out like here are, here are six people and all of the most horrible things they've ever done that we're sending there. And it's like, okay, fine. You, there was like 200 something that are, that have been sent there. And you know, the New York Times did a story on this about the, the what led to the late night ruling and sort of the scramble by the ACL U.


And they said one of the men last name PTOs said quote, there had been no order for his deportation and that his immigration documents were in order. He said, I have American children, they brought me here and I'm innocent. They arrested me without any warrant for nothing, for nothing. They brought me here. Like, and then, you know, they mentioned this story Tommy told about the guy who was forced to sign, you know, there's Another guy who had TPS. So the ice broke into his house and was about to deport him. They held him for a couple Months. We've talked about Andre, the Venezuelan makeup artist. We've talked, I mean there's just, just so many stories like that, that it's, and some of these people have even less of a connection than, you know, Garcia was alleged to have. And, you know, by some random cop somewhere. The, the other, the other sort of line of, of reasoning from some of these far right people is, well, if we can't, if we can't deport people, well we don't have a country anymore.


Right. And first of all, Donald Trump can deport people, has deport, has is will, he's allowed to deport a Lot, tens of thousands every month so far. The other part of this is why is he deporting people to a foreign gulag? That's, That's it. They, they never want to, they ne no one, no one on Fox, none of these people will grapple with the fucking gulag part of this. None of them will defend it. They act like, well, we just dropped them off in El Salvador and suddenly they ended up in the jail there. Which is just not what happened. We're paying them to house them. And that's What makes, I think, and I talked about this a bit with, with Leah, like sort of the, the, the, the, the legal aspects of it. But it, it is extraordinary that the Supreme Court has done this because they're basically acknowledging the urgency of it.


That doing it in the middle of the night, that doing it before Alito could finish his own dissent. They're acknowledging that by the logic of the Supreme Court, which Wilkinson talked about in his ruling last week, that if they deport someone in error to this prison, they can't get them back. And the Supreme Court, which already said people have a right to a certain amount of time to respond, is clearly saying here, this is so urgent, this is so dangerous. We gotta shut this all down right now until we've had more time to, to examine what the, the Trump administration is doing. And we can't take what the Trump administration says at face value. We cannot believe them when they say that, oh, there aren't gonna be any flights this weekend, which was, or or they're not aware of any flights this weekend that they lawyers that are speaking to the court on behalf of the Trump administration, either are not telling the truth or don't have all the facts themselves.


What's confusing about this is politically speaking, there seems to be a much easier, much smarter path for Donald Trump, which is to say that the border's locked down, take the win there and then slowly, methodically deport people. I mean, the proximate reason why they're deporting Venezuela and sa El Salvador. 'cause Venezuelan won't take back Venezuelans. Right. So, but that doesn't mean that it has to happen tomorrow or the next day. And I, I just, I like, I assume that they're shredding the Constitution because this is Steven Miller's passion project. Donald Trump cares a lot about it too. There's an element of their base that loves it. But I do, and there's probably a deterrent effect for others who might come here if they see the United States being just unbelievably cruel to everyone no matter what. But politically speaking, I do think there is some risk that people are gonna say, why are you doing this?


Why are you so focused on this stuff? Why are we not allowing people a day in court? Like, that doesn't seem that hard. Like JD Vance is fucking Twitter, Twitter op-ed screed about how sometimes it's inconvenient to allow for due process or it costs too much or it takes too many resources. Like I don't think anyone believes that. Well, like it's, it's true that there is a, a, a large backlog of immigration cases because we don't have enough immigration judges and we just, our, our system has been broken for a long time. There's a way to fix that, which is pass legislation that funds more immigration judges. Exactly. Oh, by the way, that was the legislation that Joe Biden, Democrats and Congress and a bunch of conservative Republicans tried to pass. And then Donald Trump killed it 'cause he wanted the issue.


Right. So that tells you a lot about if they're really interested in actually solving the backlog of immigration cases. Well, even not. Yeah. Also, there's way to, there's, there's plenty of ways to expedite deportations if you need to, if there's a public safety threat, you can, like, there's a million different ways to deport people. They've done it before. Joe Biden's done it. They're doing it now since they became president. Barack Obama did it. George W. Bush did it. It's complete bullshit though, this whole, like, if we cannot throw people in the Gulag, we don't have a country anymore. Right. If we, if we can't, we're not gonna deport millions of people a hundred at a time on an airplane to a foreign jail. There. Even all of this is still a sideshow. There are millions and millions of people in this country who are undocumented.


They came here to work, they came here to work because we built a system second of second class citizenship for people who can get to this country. They can be employed. There are people that have wanted to do things like E-Verify, which would require employers to make sure someone is a citizen before they are are hired. There are lots of, I don't, I think these, I think undocumented people, I think we should have a path to citizenship. I'm not saying that these are good ideas. There are lots of steps you could take to address undocumented immigrants. They have chosen to target people have received temporary protected status asylum seekers. Right. Like they're, they're choosing this because first of all, I think they like the politics better and second of all, it doesn't make a lot of their biggest wealthiest donors angry when it cracks down on the people that work for agribusiness.


When it cracks down on the people that work for construction companies, when it cracks down on the people that make our economy go. Yeah. So like you said, I mean this is not just about Abrego Garcia, it's not just about other immigrants who came here illegally. So far more than a thousand foreign students have had their visas canceled, including many who aren't political activists, haven't even publicly shared their political views. We're also seeing more horror stories about the government throwing people behind bars for doing nothing wrong. We learned on Friday that Jose Acio, an American citizen from New Mexico, was arrested by border patrol while on a walk, during a visit to Arizona and was then detained in an ice facility for 10 days.


10 days until his family was able to prove his citizenship and get him out. We also learned that in mid-March, two teenage girls from Germany were detained at the Honolulu airport after saying that they hadn't booked accommodations for their entire five week stay in Hawaii. They were held overnight and what they said were appalling conditions and then deported to Tokyo. DHS says they were kicked out because they said they told CPB agents that they planned to work while traveling, which they didn't have the right visa for. But the students say that when they were pressed on this, they simply told the agents that they sometimes do freelance jobs online for customers back in Germany. Hmm. Feels like this probably isn't helping the huge drop off in tourism to the, to the us Yeah.


I mean in 2023, international visitors spent roughly $225 billion in the US So if a big chunk of that goes away, that's gonna be not a tiny hit to GDP. And it's gonna, it will have the potential to decimate specific communities that are tourism destinations and like, we're already seeing this with Canada. 'cause this precipitated immigration questions. This was about Trump threatening to annex the country. Canadian car trips to the US are down 32% last month compared to March, 2024. Air travel is down 13% year over year, and airline bookings are down 70%. And So if you sort of like extrapolate that out, if people around the world are just like, I can't go to the United States, they're gonna fuck with me or treat me horribly or you know, God knows, like Goldman Sachs said, there's a worst case scenario where the US could lose $90 billion in revenue this year from a decrease in tourism and people just choosing not to buy American stuff.


I also, I saw a couple people pointing out that we're supposed to have an Olympics here. Yeah. In a couple years. We're supposed to have the World Cup here. World Cup and other countries are issuing travel warnings Yeah. To the United States. Like, like our allies are former allies And, and the, the soccer, the World Cup, it's supposed to be a, a pan North American games. So if we're still fighting with the Canadians and fighting with the Mexicans, it's not gonna be good. It would be like when Carter didn't let the Americans go to Russia, you know? Yeah. Multiple US citizens now have gotten these random emails, letters from ice from the CPB saying, you have to leave the country now.


And, and maybe they were in error, maybe they weren't. Another US citizen was detained in Miami for a while. Four students at Case Western Reserve told were told their visas were revoked and that they needed to leave and then they had to go to court and the government was like, oh, maybe we screwed up. We're not sure. The judge was like so angry. He was like, this is Kaf gas. I can't believe it. He is like, why the government's telling me they don't even know if these people are here legally or not. You can't even tell me this, the government counsel. But you just arrested them. And the other thing that I think what's happening here is these agents, this, whether they're ice agents or CPP agents, like they're starting to, they're lying and I'm not, I'm not, I don't wanna, they've been cue all of them, right? But like the, the, the, her maceo, the guy who was detained in Arizona, like he was arrested in Tucson, the agent says he was actually in Nogales, which is an hour south of, of Tucson and that's where they picked him up miles south.


So we know he was lying about that. So the rest of the lie, which is like, oh, he told them he was here unlawfully and that's why they detained him, which is now what fucking DHS is saying. Trisha McLaughlin, the spokeswoman for the Department of Home Homeland Security tweeted that this 19-year-old American citizen walked up to a border patrol agent and said, Hey, I entered illegally from Mexico that he offered up this information. And she tweets this thinking that this is a credible story in any way. Doesn't think that maybe fact Check it. People, it happens all the time. You go, you get caught by a federal agent. You're like, I'm here illegally. I came from Mexico. It's it like the fact throughout all of this, right? We've been saying like this could come for US citizens, right? And like the fact that the government is willing not just to do this without due process, not just to repair it when a judge orders it, but that the spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security is actively lying about this case is here it is.


This is an American citizen who was picked up. They are clearly lying. She is just passing along this fucking lie. And what if he had been on a plain El Salva? We had the kid, Kid was in jail for 10 days before they sorted things out. The government couldn't call the government to figure out if he was a citizen For 10 days. There's, this is where it's like the, the kind of intellectualizing that like JD Vance and others are doing to defend this behavior is just so, it's so ridiculous and so just so false on its face. Like let's say every single sentence about what you're trying to do is true. Why wouldn't you wanna fix mistakes? Why would you wanna lie about Americans? Why wouldn't you want to get it right? Even on your own fucking terms? Why wouldn't you want to get it right? Because they want, I think it was like what Tommy was saying, they, I think they just wanna scare the shit outta people, you know?


And I also think they have A 1 million deportee quota that Steven Miller is pushing them to meet. There's a, over the course of year Minnesota, look, last week there's a guy from Indonesia who's here on a student visa working at a hospital in Minnesota. His student visa was revoked four days before his arrest, but he wasn't told, he wasn't notified that the, it was revoked. And so then they just arrested him because he overstayed the visa for four days after not telling him. They asked why he doesn't understand. He has an eight month old daughter, American wife, citizen doesn't understand, has been here since 2015, came legally. And they said, oh, he's a threat to public safety. So then they looked into his background in 2022, he pled to a misdemeanor for spray painting graffiti on a bridge.


And then the big one, he was charged with unlawful assembly over a protest around George Floyd's murder that was later dismissed. Hmm. Not violent, not nothing. No property destruction, no nothing. Just showing up there. And so I, I do think that on student visa stuff, they're, they're starting with the, with the Gaza stuff, but they're just going after they're, and and they're doing this with like AI too. They're looking through anyone who's here on a student visa. If you've ever had any run-ins with the law that aren't political or if you've ever shown up at any kind of political protest anywhere, that's what, that's how they're targeting people. Nows Not January 6th, Right? Yeah, of course.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. Tariffs are trending. What does that actually mean for your wallet? Oh man, they are trending with All the tariff headlines lately, you might be wondering how does this affect me? How your tariffs can mean higher prices on goods from groceries to gadgets. Let Rocket Money help you stay one step ahead and keep more money in your pocket. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all your subscriptions in one place, know exactly where your money's going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. See your monthly spending trends in each category to know exactly where your money's going. Get alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity or if you're close to going over budget, rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter our show name Pod Save America in the survey so they know who sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


One sign that the deportation stories are starting to break through in a way that the White House can't be too happy about is that they're losing Joe Rogan here. He is talking about it on his show. The problem with things that are going in a radical direction and then, then there's an overcorrection. So the overcorrection is lack of due process. The overcorrection is like round 'em all up, ship 'em to jail. Like that's like some things that you say when you're not thinking things through. Like what do you do about all the criminals? Take 'em all fucking send 'em to El Salvador. Yeah. What what about due process? No. Fuck that. Well, here's the problem with fuck that. What if you are an enemy of, let's not say any current president, let's pretend we got a new president, totally new guy in 2028.


And this is a common practice now of just rounding up gang members with no due process and shipping them to El Salvador. You're a gang member. No, I'm not. Prove it. What, how, what? I gotta go to court. No, no due process. Joe Rogan making a lot of sense. Yeah. It's also like a, to back to where we started, like do you wanna do, like this is breaking through for people. Do you wanna be seen as fighting as having a genuine moral conviction during this moment? Or do you wanna be out there saying it's a distraction and that we really need to be talking about the cost of living? Like there are people watching to see what people stand for right now. Yeah. I I I like, I think Rogan weighing in this really is, is meaningful.


I mean, it, it also just reflects the reality that there are, like we, we hear the Maga D end or crazies that you read out. Like they get quoted, they get picked up in the media, but most normies are like, of course I believe in dude process. Of course you should have a day in court. The idea of like hurting an innocent person. You can, you can empathize with that easily. And, and it's a, it's offensive to you. So like, it's great to hear Rogan talking about this to his audience. I hope he keeps doing it. I also think it reflects the reality that Trump is good as an opposition leader, but he fucking sucks at governing. Yeah. And there to, to your point, there's also this like, well the Trump White House thinks they're winning the issue because they love talking about this. Okay, one re one reason they might be talking about it so much is because they're worried that the narrative's gonna get away from them and that they're gonna lose the argument.


And that's why they have to lie about everything and talk about it nonstop. And that's why like Steven Miller is screaming, which by the way, did you hear the Strict Scrutiny hosts call him Peewee German, Peewee amazing, Great, Great Peewee German. Well one of the reason they wanna be talking about this is the markets are tanking. The response people are angry about the tariffs. The cost of living is going up not down. His approval on the economy is as low as it's ever been since he's been president last term this term. So they have a real big problem on their hands. But I also think they're, I think that they are genuinely, there is a concern that they're going to lose the narrative here. And right before we recorded, I dunno if you guys saw that Trump posted about the court and the seven two decision, and it was a very uncharacteristic Trump truth.


'cause he was like, I have great respect for the court, but even the, even the Supreme Court I have great respect for are now saying that I can't deport Venezuelans or anyone back to their country, even if they're violent and I don't like that and blah, blah blah. But he did. He's like, at least Alito understood. Well, That's what he's, look, they're, they're all, they're fucking all hyper. All the people that are around Donald Trump are like super online and reading all the same stuff we're talking about. They're, what Trump has been doing is saying, Pam, we gotta figure out what the law is. Gotta follow the law. I have great respect for the Supreme Court while they kind of play this sort of, this game of breaking, kind of breaking directly, breaking the orders. I, I do think you kind of get back to this sort of like the, you know, the Pope died and there's this apocryphal, maybe it's apocryphal Stalin quote of like, oh, how many divisions does the Pope have?


Hmm. And you see a lot, you see Joe Rogan, but you also see a lot of, I think, respected conservative people talking about the importance of following the Supreme Court. I think the Wilkinson opinion matters. I think the intellectual conversation on the right does still and possibly matter. I remember when, when Kennedy senator from Louisiana wasn't, was doing a hearing. He said, the one rule is you gotta tell me you're not gonna break a court order, you gotta follow court orders. Right? That's what Schumer has been banking on. And I don't know, but it does feel like they, at least in the White House, are not completely sure that they will get away without Right.


Breaking right now a Supreme Court Order. Yeah. Which is why I think you, yeah. You have Steven Miller just like lying about the decision. Although, you know, he did have JD Vance said many times before he became vice president, he did the whole Andrew Jackson quote. Right. You know, the Supreme, the, the justice, the Chief Justice has made it his, has made his ruling. Now let him enforce it. So that's where he is. Other big news from the weekend, the Times reported on Sunday night that a second signal group chat has hit the Pentagon. Whoa. Jesus. So I did a video on this yesterday. Elijah recommended that as the title and we decided not to. No, I like that you read it out. You know, defense secretary, Pete Hegseth reportedly shared those same Houthis war plans in a chat called Defense Team Huddle made up of 13 people, including Hezes Fox, news producer wife and his brother, who's now one of his advisors.


Couple hours after the signal story posted, newly resigned Pentagon spokesman, John t published a political piece describing, quote, a full blown meltdown inside the Pentagon, which he called the Month from Hell before, citing rumors of more bombshell stories to come. Jesus, what's left? And predicting that Hegseth won't be out soon. Literal Bombshell stories. Yeah, He did make sure to say Hegseth, I value his friendship and we accomplished a lot together. Well, Tell me about the friendships you don't value. I know It's a little confusing. Predictably, democratic lawmakers are back to calling on Hegseth to resign. And so is at least one Republican member of Congress, Don Bacon of Nebraska, who happens to be a former Air Force general. He said that if the signal report is true, it's quote totally unacceptable.


And that Hef is quote, acting like he's above the law. And that shows an amateur person today. NPR reported that the White House has already begun the search for his replacement. But Caroline Levitt quickly shut that down as fake news. Still the work of the nation must go on. And both Hef and his boss, Donald Trump, were at the White House Easter egg roll on Monday, where they both commented on the situation as a jazz combo played in the background. Pete's doing a great job. Everybody's happy with him. We have the highest recruit recruitment numbers I think we've had in 28 years. No, he's doing a great job. It's just fake news. They just bring up stories. You know what a big surprise that a bunch of a few leakers get fired and suddenly a bunch of hit pieces come out from the same media that pedaled the Russia hopes.


And as they pedal those lies, no one ever calls 'em on it. See, this is what the media does. They take anonymous sources from disgruntled former employees and then they try to slash and burn people and ruin their reputations. Not gonna work with me. Anonymous sources like the guy who was your spokesman until he quit and published an op-ed about it under his own name. There's Nothing better than like statements of grave national importance made next to a giant bunny caner several Today there. Several. There was several today. Trump issued his statement about the death of Pope Francis standing next to the fucking Easter Bunny, the Real hero of Easter.


Funny, it's odd. We, And like you, these are the people that are saying it's just like, it's not important, but these are the people saying that they, we need to trust them on these, on, on, on random deportations, but they can't figure out a way to get Donald Trump to speak to the cameras about the death of the Pope. Probably the one time Trump will ever get to talk about the death of the Pope as president without the Easter bunny standing next to him. That is fucking insane. Well, He's so good. He is. He's going to the funeral with Melania and he's excited that he is looking forward to being there. Exclamation. He meant the food. He just wants the food. Some good pasta. Tommy, anything new and interesting in terms of the, the details that Heg s shared here in both Signal? And I thought the op-ed from Politico was wild, but why don't you, I mean The, it sounds like it was this, he was sharing the same basic information, like the f eighteens are gonna bomb this target at this time.


It's A classic to share the same joke in multiple group Chats. Yeah, that is True. He had the same, the same information. Yeah, I mean the difference here is the, the first signal, signal Gate group chat was started by Mike Waltz, a national security advisor, and that was a group of people with whom one would should discuss whether or not to bomb Yemen. This was a group started by he the himself, and it was created on his personal phone, which is a very, very big no-no. I mean, I think like there's probably a half dozen intel agencies that have tried to, you know, break that phone. A few probably have succeeded and he's just sharing classified information on it. Do you think he's, do you think he uses a really great password manager on a private phone, Pete exit?


Do you think, you think Pegs Pete exit has got state of the art secure? Absolutely. Was Fox News anchor three months Ago, weekend weekend? Can we talk about the, can we talk about the, the chaos in the Pentagon that this guy wrote about who used to be spokesman? Like it sounds they're trying to brush it off as like a few anonymous sources, but it seems like there's like a mutiny going on in there. Well, What's weird about this is he, they've already purged like the Biden era professional people, right? Right. CQ Crown, the chairman of the joint chiefs out, Lisa Fratti, who is the director of the Navy out, and they're slowly starting to replace them. But the people we're talking about Hegseth firing here, or they're getting pushed out on this s leak investigation or whatever, are like his guys, like Dan Caldwell, the dude who was his senior advisor, he was his friend of over a decade, they worked together at that nonprofit.


He was the point of contact on that original Mike Waltz signal gate being like, if you, if if I can't be around to talk about, you know, this issue, Dan is my proxy, and now they're forcing these guys out. So hex, he is missing now, he no longer has his senior advisor, his chief of staff, his deputy chief of staff, and I think there's some other officials that are getting pushed out. So it just sounds like it's chaos over there. I mean, the spokesman says it's chaos And it is the defense Department, right? He's running the US military. Well, it's almost as if, when, when people noted before that he'd run two tiny nonprofits, poorly, poorly, couldn't do it, had a bunch of public intoxication, chaos, missing money, all kinds of problems, and running these groups when people said self allegations, he wasn't up for the job of running these organ, this the, the, the biggest bureaucracy in the federal government.


There might have been some fucking truth to it. And that now his, the, you can, you can spin your way to it. You can bully a bunch of Republican senators into going along with this. But now he has the job and it's a real job and he can't do it. And like, you know, shit could go down. Like we don't know what's happening behind the scenes. We don't know what debates are, you know, might scare us if we were aware of them. But again, Steve Brown, the chairman of the joint chief got pushed out. The new guy, Dan Kane, was just confirmed raising Kain like the other day, raising Kain. And he had been retired for like a year or so. He's like kind of getting back up to speed. And also there is this battle in Republican foreign policy between the more isolationist wing of the MAGA world and the more traditional NeoCon hawkish types.


You're seeing it really play out in this debate over the Iran nuclear talks that are happening that Steve Woff, the actual Secretary of State, not Make-A-Wish, secretary of State Marco Rubio. So I, I mean, it's just interesting, like that's kind of the backdrop is these guys are still figuring out what they believe and what they're gonna do. And now the Pentagon was just purged. And it does feel like we're once again in a situation where maybe if this didn't break in the news and was all over the place that Donald Trump might like quietly get rid of him. But of course, right. Reverse polarization. You gotta dig in. Everyone starts now. Who knows? 'cause like there was a room, you know, the NPR had that one source that said they're looking for someone new and then everyone fake news it to death, you know?


But, but the problem with being Trump a bunch of liars, right? Yeah. No one is, we can't take it seriously. Nobody knows. And by the way, Donald, He could be out by the time we are done recording this, probably Donald Trump has said, I, I'm sticking with Donald Trump has said about people he fired within days, if not hours. I'm not firing this person. It's true. So we will see, but this Donald Trump does not like this. Is this is, this reflects very poorly on him. Yeah. It looks fucking bad. He's getting nothing for it. Terrible press. I mean, Well, what he's got, yeah. What he needs is if he's gonna replace him, he's gotta find someone else who can get confirmed, who will be absolutely loyal to Donald Trump over the constitution, the military, and anyone else. Yeah. You'd be, that clip of HF was so unconvincing, he's like shouting at a C-span camera. He's pointed to his own children, kind of like using them as a, a shield now media in that moment.


And he just had the look in the feel of a man who is in so far over his head and he does not know how to get out of it. It seems Like a bad dream. It seems like a bad dream. You're at the Easter egg roll, there's a bunny next to you. Donald Trump is next to you. You're being asked about these terrible mistakes that you made. I will the one, It's, and you got your spokesman out there being like, oh, there's, there's so much worse stories are gonna drop this Week. And I say that as a friend. That's very real Housewives, by the way, as a friend, Pete. I'm telling you, you're a piece of shit. But the the other, yeah. The one, the other side of it is that the more, the more Pete ETH is under siege, the more loyal he'll have to be to Donald Trump. Right? Which Trump Loves mob boss. Mob boss Mentality. It is, there is that aspect of it, of like, can he hold on, get to the other side of a new cycle and still be there at Trump's, at Trump's sls.


But just for, Just to be crystal clear, if any uniform member of the military did what Hegseth did with Signal, they would be fired. If not court martialed, any normal administration would fire him on the spot and refer to DOJ for prosecution. And the fact that we're even talking about this, like there's also reports that that, that Pete Hegseth was bringing his wife to his meetings with like the NATO counterpart. Like These are, these Are defense minister to defense minister talks. Imagine A light chit chat. You need a Fox News producer there at all times. Imagine it's just some good content. We're just in our Wednesday Pod Save America meeting and then, and you're like, Oh, Hannah's gonna sit in to take, to be here. Well, I mean if, Well, we're not discussing classified info. I, but Even, but I'm saying even without that would be like, if, that's weird, if Hannah, if Hannah was like bomb Poland, yeah, we'd have a real problem.


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. According to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand headcount for 2025. Hey, I Wanna redo that survey after this. What week in the markets, bud? That's a lot of times spent hiring. Fingers crossed, you know, ZipRecruiter. Fingers crossed. If you are one of these employers who's ramping up hiring this year, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan, lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. You know what, you're gonna want to do this quickly. If you're gonna have some hiring, you're gonna wanna get ZipRecruiter now so you can start hiring. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you save time and right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. We love ZipRecruiter. We've used it here at Crooked Media for quite some time. Many years now. We've hired some candidates with ZipRecruiter and it just makes it a lot easier to go through resumes and find someone. Save time hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/crooked right now to try zip intro for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/crooked. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Speaking of chaos, in the category of serious news, that's also funny. The times reported on Friday that Trump's war on Harvard started by accident. The original letter demanding concessions received by the university a week before apparently was sent without proper authorization at the White House At the time, Harvard was engaged in what it thought were productive talks with administration, lawyers from the White House's antisemitism task force, which is how their laundering their attacks on academic freedom and free speech. Harvard was expecting a letter from the task force with some details about their concerns. What they got instead was the nuclear option. An email from one of the task force lawyers making a whole host of crazy demands, including federal oversight of admissions and hirings.


That is fucking nuts. Eradication of all diversity efforts and the disbanding of pro-Palestinian groups, some of the anonymous leakers who talked to the Times said the guy who sent the letter did so prematurely. Others said he'd meant to send it around internally for review. Ugh, I hate when that happens. Anyway, it caused Harvard to publicly reject the demands the following Monday, as we discussed last week, the administration then froze more than $2 billion in funds, threatened Harvard's tax exempt status and threatened to shut down its ability to enroll any foreign students whatsoever. The Wall Street Journal reports that of course doubling down again, the administration is now planning to pull another $1 billion in research funding. So administration admits they sent Abrego Garcia to El Salvador in error, but then they refuse to correct the mistake and then they dig in even further.


They accidentally sent a crazy letter to Harvard, then they refuse to correct the mistake and they dig in even further. You guys notice a pattern here. So what's what is strange about this is it took a, a few days for us to find out that the administration is claiming this is a mistake. But if it was an actual mistake, they would've known instantly. And yet they spent a week freezing the funds, then adding this new threat to tax exempt status. So they went forward as if it wasn't a mistake, fine. The problem with the claim that this is somehow a mistake, it would imply that these demands are materially different than the demands they put on Columbia when they're really not. Right. That like they, these Well, the federal oversight of admissions and hiring is that What they, the the, the set of that, that Columbia, I don't know exactly what Columbia ended up conceding to, but those were part of the demands on Columbia up to and including a new provost to oversee a specific department.


Right. Like the demands that, that they, that Columbia agreed to, which is why it was so pathetic that Columbia caved basically in the same way this does made Trump Dean. They're they're different. They're, they're different. But like I, I think it's a, I think you could, I think it's hard to claim that these are so much more extreme than what Columbia had already agreed to. I thought that they were mu I thought they were much worse. But I think some of them are worse. Some of them aren't the same. They, they treated them differently. Yeah. But like, I think Donald Trump basically demanding a private university hire a specific fucking administrative official is crazy. Right? Demanding that Columbia take greater control over student groups is crazy. Like these are, yeah, they're, maybe these demands are different, but this is exactly the plan, including them then threatening the funding after.


So like, I, alright, maybe this was sent an error, maybe it was sent too quickly, but like, I I, I, I part partly wonder if this is cleanup because the blowback was so much worse than they expected and all the other schools jumped in behind Harvard after Harvard went forward. But it does sound like the sourcing on the story is the administration sent the letter an error and then someone from the administration called Harvard to be like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait to right, delete that, delete that, delete that. Yeah. Yeah. So it's confusing. I mean we, we also should be clear that, you know, the, the grant money that's getting cut off to Harvard, it's not going to like caviar for the kids. It's mostly like research for medical, you know, cancer research, Alzheimer's research, like cutting edge scientific research. It's a contract that benefits all of us. Well and It's a contract.


Government pays, it's a government contract. Right. The government pays our best institutions to help do medical research, scientific research to benefit the country. That's the whole deal. Anyone else noticed that One of the lawyers that Harvard hired to deal with this is Robert her Sure did. Coming back for the new season. Do we Hey. Hey Robert, her, listen, you know, there's a lot of things were said last year. 2024 was an interesting time and you know, we can look back on it. I don't think we think we should look back, I think should just move forward. Robert Hur getting hired by them is interesting. Clearly like a, you know, very conservative lawyer. Well thought of, you know, worked at DOJ for a long time though as a choice to make Donald Trump happy as an odd one because he did not prosecute Joe Biden.


Right. Yeah. We remember he was, he wasn't a hero on the other side Either. No, they hated him too. Yeah, Well, whatever He called him old Cool. But didn't prosecute him, Which we found at the time to be ridiculous. There's so much about this in Jake Tapper's book that I can't talk about yet. 'cause they're still in embargo, but conversation for a month from now. Yeah, Exactly. All right, before we go, we're recording this on Easter Monday, less than a day after the passing of Pope Francis. Francis took a visit from JD Vance on Sunday morning. Oof. Talk about your last day. And apparently that was enough to put the ailing pontiff over the edge after allowing himself to be photographed, shaking Vance's hand. The Holy Father then blessed the crowd of tens of thousands in St. Peter's square and had one of his deputies read what would be his final Easter address in which he implicitly blasted Vance and Trump to crying.


Quote, how much contempt is stirred up at times towards the vulnerable, the marginalized and migrants. And saying quote, I appeal to all those in positions of political responsibility in our world. Not to yield to the logic of fear. He also reiterated calls for a ceasefire in Gaza and a return of all the hostages. And for an end to the war in Ukraine. A day earlier, Vance had a longer meeting with the Pope's number two cardinal. And the holy sees readout of that meeting mentioned an exchange of opinions on migrants, refugees, and prisoners. That topic was not in JD Vance's readout of the meeting. The Pope in the past had called Trump's immigration policies quote a disgrace and not Christian legend.


What did you guys think about the Vance interaction? We're all gonna make the same joke 'cause we deserve this. But there's gotta be a little piece of the, who thinks, did I kill the boat? Could I kill him? Right? Like that would cross my mind. I think anytime spent with JD Vance does kill the vibe. My my mother be went on. It was, we didn't call it this, but she, it was not to their faces, but it was a farewell, farewell tour to visit some of her oldest relatives before they died. And we had a, a a, a great uncle Jerry. And just before he died, my mother brought him a blueberry muffin and he ate the whole thing. And he'd never been so happy he was dead in four, eight Hours'.


Christ for Fran, I will say I loved this Pope Jesuit first Jesuit pope. I remember when Benedict was picked, stepped down and Francis was picked and I was like a Jesuit from South America I know who was like all about social justice. I'm like, is this real? Is he, is the church gonna make him now, now that he's gonna be pope? Is he not gonna be like that? And he ended up being every bit the, the person he was when he was in South America. Yeah, I I'll always call him Ratzinger, but yeah. After Ratzinger. Yeah, he was a tough one. I hope I, I'm just like very much hoping that we, we don't go back to that and I don't know that anyone can, you know, fill the shoes of Pope Francis.


But We still Need, we need a woke pope. We, we need, it's time for a woke pope. Well, we, we also need like one world leader insulated from politics who is willing to speak about compassion and empathy and justice in a way that, you know, JD Vance is of the world and the right will probably shit on that person, but at least they can do so with a, with some sense of moral authority. Yeah. Look, I'm, I'm Episcopalian, I'm a lazy Catholic and I'll be honest, I don't, I don't love the Catholic church as an institution. No neither. I don't feel like it's always been a force for good in this world, especially some of their social views. But I think like Benedict Carl Ratzinger was Yeah.


Like he was kind of, he had that opus day vibe, you know, that was one that Dan Brown book was really big. Yeah. Those expensive red shoes. Right. He was like kind of scary guy then. And then Francis came along and a lot of what made people love him was his tone. You know, he couldn't fully moderate the, the church's anti LGBT views. Right. But he could be decent when he talked about them, as you mentioned, he cared about poverty, he cared about refugees, he cared about migration, he cared about climate change. He was a huge critic of all wars, including the war in Ukraine. He helped facilitate the Cuba normalization deal between the us, the Obama administration and the Cuban government. So he, he used his office to bring about change and facilitate good works.


And he was from the global south and I think brought that perspective to the job of understanding like the horrors of colonization and you know, when great powers act in ways that are brutal and selfish and I don't know, it just, I think we will miss him on the global stage guy, A guy who washed the feet of AIDS patients back in when it was not a very popular thing to do. Yeah. Like there was that moment a couple weeks ago where JD Vance was talking about what the golden rule means and seems, seems to have not fully understood it. No. And there was, again, I'm, I'm so Jewish, but there's, there was always just something beautiful about a pope that even in an institution that yes, that does not acknowledge the rights of LGBT people, that does not allow women to be priests.


That he gave voice to the beautiful parts of Christian values. Like the parts that everyone ought to appreciate. And that is so absent from American politics so much of the time, there is such a vicious and cruel version of Christianity represented to be the one true path. And then you had this pope, this undeniable pope, right. Moments before he dies telling JD Vance in not so many words to fuck off before he dies. But also, you know, they, the other thing he did was some people thought that he was gonna snub JD Vance. That was the first thing. 'cause JD Vance got the, got the number two the day before and then Pope Francis was like, I'll meet with him.


It's the vice president of the United States. I'll meet with him. I will criticize him to the people, but like, because I show compassion to everyone, I'm also gonna meet the vice president. Which Was nice. Yes. And there's something that I think like our, you know, as we think about what it means to build a big small d democratic movement, there's something beautiful in that, in that he, that what he is fighting for applies to everyone. Even the people that disagree, even the people that are getting it wrong. Even the people that are horrible. And that we are fighting for that here. Right? We are fighting to build a democratic movement because we believe in democracy for everybody. This, there's this some, I I, I tweeted it so you can see it on X, but there's this beautiful video of a young kid, I dunno, he's like five, six years old, years old.


He had just like lost his father and he was so nervous to ask Pope Francis a question. And he goes up to him and he and Pope Francis was like whispered in my ear. He whispers it in his ear. He goes and sits down and the pope said his father's an atheist even though he baptized his three children. He wants to know if his father's gonna go to heaven. And he gives this whole speech about how he's like, the god that I believe in has a father's heart and a father's heart would never want to keep his his children too far away. And it was like a really, like, because the Catholic church I grew up in, you'd go to church and they'd, and you know, like my mother was Greek Orthodox and they'd be like, if you are not Catholic, do not come up for communion. Sit in the bench. I was gonna say Ratzinger's like sorry kid, he's burning. No, it is, it's like that. You know, and it just being able to do that at an institution that's hard to, hard to change is, is, is laudable.


Remember when the pope called every called gay people frais though. That was funny. Fra you are fra you call frappuccinos Fra can't be said up. Fra. I love everybody. Even the frais. And he's like, you can't say Frais. All right. I'm gonna say it one more time. Frais. It was a real, real bism right there. It Was awesome. It was Awesome. I will say next, Pope, you're right. There's, we're gonna have the, all the speculation of who it may be. There's a, there's a lot of choices out there. There's one who is the, who would be like the first Asian pope from the Philippines? And he like spoke out a lot against Duterte. He always doing horse race, right? Yeah. And, and he would be, he would be like, where's He with the swing? Where's he with the swing cardinals? Well, Tommy, I'm get, and so he's like the furthest left I think you'd go.


But then there's the, the only one that really scares me is there's one from fucking Hungary who Orban likes nice and conservatives all like his time and he thinks that need, they need to like pull back the whole church. So that would be great. That'd be cool. And then there's a bunch of other like sort of centrist left of centers types. Listen, It's all gonna come down to turn turnout con clay con clay. Best movie of last year. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it either. And I'm gonna watch it before I watch it before this thing. I'm gonna watch it fool the real deal. Like Tommy's a very religious person. That's why I made him godfather to, to my child. God and I Not the Hebrew fag. Charlie's Got a good Christian on that. Yeah, good. And religious.


He's got, he's got a Jewish gr. He's got a Jewish godmother. That's true. That's true. True. His Godmother. When was the last time Tommy saw the inside of a Bible? Gimme a break. Gimme a break. You going a lot of Sunday mass. What you seeing there? Make a lot of friends at church. Gimme a fucking break. Ful. I'm glad you pivoted this back to you. Fucking Pont effects over here. There's No pope. I'm free. It's really beautiful. Okay, before we go, one quick housekeeping note. L-G-B-T-Q people are under attack and this year pride is more than an excuse for Love it to talk over a salon in June. What a segue. It's it's life or death. Well that didn't really come out as serious as it should have. So grab a join or dye t-shirt or sticker from the crooked store.


This design is a nod to the famous historical political cartoon, but we updated it to meet the moment and stand for L-G-B-T-Q resistance. Love it. Anything you want to add to that? It's a great zevi. Our designer did an amazing job. Listen, if you go to any government website right now, they're trying to get the T separated from the LGB and we gotta make sure we keep the T's with the LGBTs because otherwise they're gonna, we'll be S outta L. You know what I mean? That's a shirt. Yeah, that's good. Well done that shirt. That's pretty good. Get that on The shirt was good. And by the way, that reminds me because Sarah McBride said this, listen, if you haven't and you're like, oh, the Sunday interviews, who know? The Sunday interview with Sarah McBride was so great. Maybe my favorite conversation I've had with a politician and I can't remember how long.


Yeah. Both of us were like really enjoying listening. I feel like there were several moments where either one of us could have cried. It was Seriously, it's great. I think I was just like staring at her at one point. Yeah. Just like, wow, this is an amazing how, how do we have a politician like this? Anyway, check it out. That's our show for today. Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday and we will be live from DC. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricket.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeleine Herring is our head of news and programming. Matt De Groat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Tolls. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.