
At Leidos. A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart. But an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart. But integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions in national security and health. We're making smart, smarter leidos.


That's the sound of fried chicken with a spicy history. Thornton Prince was a ladies man to get revenge. His girlfriend hid spices and his fried chicken. He loved it so much. He opened Prince's hot chicken. Hot chicken in the window. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com, Tennessee. Sounds perfect.


Welcome To Pod. Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show with Kamala Harris', VP announcement imminent. We'll read the tea leaves and talk through the short list. We'll also talk about how, as we suspected, Trump already seems to be regretting his VP pick and reports of Project 2020 five's demise may be greatly exaggerated. But first, the fallout continues from one of the worst, most deranged interviews Donald Trump has ever given, which is saying a lot. His live appearance on Wednesday at the National Association of Black Journalist Convention. So Lovett And and Stacey Abrams reacted in real time on the Wednesday pod. But there have been some developments since then that have kept this story going.


Namely the fact that Trump and his campaign have decided to double down on his accusation that Kamala Harris isn't really black and the Vice President's response at an event that evening in Houston. Let's listen first as a refresher to Trump's comments, and then you'll hear what the VP said in response. Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill, have labeled Vice President Kamala Harris, who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president and be on a major party ticket as a DEI hire. Is that acceptable language to you? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define Diversity?


Equity, inclusion? Okay. Yeah, Go ahead. Is that what your definition that Is? That that is Literally words. Gimme a definition. Then would you gimme a definition Of that? Gimme a definition of, Sir, I'm asking you a question, a very Direct question. No, you have to define, define the, define it for me if you would. I just defined it. Search. She was always of Indian heritage, and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. And now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She, Donald Trump spoke at the annual meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists, and it was the same old show.


The divisiveness and the disrespect. And let me just say, the American people deserve better. The American people deserve better. All right. Let's start with the man who's had a spiritual awakening since his assassination attempt. What the hell do you think Donald Trump was up to with that response and, and that whole interview, like the, the entire interview, he was just unhinged, unhinged. I think I've now listened to this interview several times. I've listened to Lovett And. Me too. I, I like, I, I, it's funny, like last night I had watched it. Tommy had it on his computer when it was happening.


And so I started, I tuned in 'cause I, I was so busy I didn't even know it was happening. And then I went home last night just 'cause I was so stunned. Not like surprising 'cause nothing about Donald Trump's surprising, but just shocking and watched the whole thing again. And it was even worse the second time. Yeah. I was traveling back home from a family trip. And I was in the airport. And I was like following the slacks coming in and the texts And I was like, this seems bad. And my family, with my family, the, my parents were like, how bad is it? I was like, I don't know what's happening. But it seems very bad. And the, well, lemme just say that in listening to it, the true, the part that's not getting enough attention. 'cause it's, it might be the funniest part in what is largely an unfunding and highly offensive interview, is when he keeps asking her to find DEI and she keeps looking, I was just gonna say that exact Words.


She's like, that is the literal definition, But it's obviously he doesn't, he doesn't really get, he knows that there's a DEI attack that the right wing has been using and that it's like, it's, you know, it's, it's, it's racist And, you know, he can, or, or it's a, its a wedge issue that they can use. He like gets the politics around it. But he has no fucking idea what DEI is. I think he thinks it's a word, not an acronym, which is why he was so confused by her saying it. Like, I mean, he thinks it's a, like, I I would love to see him try, have to spell it. I mean, let's start with why. He was at the National Association applied journalist to begin with. I can sort of see the meeting weeks ago, maybe months ago in the Trump campaign headquarters where they decided to do this.


Right? They're, at the time, they're running against Joe Biden. We know from all the interviews that Chris Las Vid and Susie, we have done to tell us how smart they think they are, that black men are a huge target for the Trump campaign. They go out, so in their minds, like we can go to the National Association of Black Journals, talk to all of the black media in one fell swoop. And a Republican president who's been repeatedly called the racist by Democrats showing up at NABJ would be a grand gesture to show that he's courting their vote. That he, he's act unlike most Republican presidents in the past, he's actively seeking the votes of the black community. And they knew too that, that Joe Biden, at least in polling, was having trouble with younger black voters.


It was highly unlikely to go do a interview right at NABJ. So he would've this, he would've the stage to himself. Yep. Now, that is one of the things that makes, like, that's an idea in theory. But if Chris Las Vid and Susie Wallace were as smart as they want us to think they are, they would've remembered their candidate is a racist asshole who also cannot and will not, he doesn't like tough questions and he really doesn't like them from black women. And so this, even if we had not been in this place where he was clearly reeling from how the racist shifted and all the momentum that Kamala Harris has and seeing her Phil arenas and the polls tightening and all of that, just in any scenario, even if he was, you know, still in his like coronation phase against Joe Biden, he still was going to have to answer these questions in front of, with very good journalists asking himself questions.


And he was going to melt down there. Maybe not to this degree, but he was definitely gonna melt out on that stage. It was a, was one of those things that's a good idea in theory, but theory fails to, to account for the fact that Donald Trump is the candidate. Yeah. And I also think right before he did the interview, he had some crazy post about, like, I thought I, we tried to do this on Zoom, and it's, and now Kamala Harris is not doing it on, or, or gets to do it on Zoom, and now I have to be there in person. I, I would not be surprised if when the race changed and he knew it was just him and Kamala, and then he was like, oh, now I have to go to the National Association of Black Journalists. Yeah, for sure.


He was already probably, you know, he probably wanted to do it over Zoom and not actually go there. Then he goes there and then I'm sure, because he is Donald Trump and he thinks he's fucking great, he thought that the first question was gonna be like, Hey, you know, Mr. President, thank you for being here and what's your plan on, you know, and the fact that the first question was so pointed about all of the, you know, you had a dinner with a white supremacist. You have, you know, said all these racist things. I think that when you challenge Trump like that, and we've seen this with other interviewers too, the few that actually really push and challenge him, that's when he loses his Shit. It was the, you know, similar to that Brett Bear interview when he went through all the people in, in Trump's cabinet and team who had turned against him.


Right. And Trump melted down about that too. Yeah. So some people are like, was it a, was it a strategy to say that IJ it's possible anything is possible with Donald Trump and his campaign, but having watched him for the last eight years, it just seems like when you challenge Donald Trump, when you corner Donald Trump, when he's already upset, he's gonna say crazy shit, racist shit, sexist shit. He, it just comes out and like, I don't, so that now what happened next I think is clearly strategic. Well, but in Quotes, In quote, right, right. Well, Can, but we can debate that. I don't wanna ruin your day, but I want you to know, it's just been nine years.


Oof. We've been, we've been podcasting with Donald Trump For nine years. Yeah. Where we, we did something wrong in another life. Well, I Guess we've, we've been podcasting him out for eight years, but we've been watching out Trump for nine years, just to be factually accurate. So after it happens, he doubles down and the campaign doubles down at his rally that night in Harrisburg, the campaign projected an image of a business insider headline that noted how Harris became California's first Indian American senator, which is true. Trump also posted a video clip of Kamala cooking Indian food with Mindy Kaling and said, crazy. Kamala is saying she's Indian, not black stone, cold phony. She uses everybody, including her racial identity.


Why does he and the campaign think that this is like a, a winner for them? Why, why are they, what's, what's, what do you think? Is it, the only thing I can think of on the doubling down is like one of the first principles for Donald Trump and all the people around him is never apologize, never back down. Just like lean into any kind of gaff or controversial statement you make. I think there is some of that for sure. It was like, what did Lovett used to call them? Intellectual Zambonis who would go around behind Trump and like clean up the mess. I think these are like strategic zambonis here. I think that there is a strategy that is a very tried and true, very misogynistic strategy, often used against female candidates and female candidates of color, which is to paint them as overly ambitious, do anything for power.


And so, what I think take away the way Donald Trump did this, like his execution of their plan was horrendous and offensive and counterproductive and probably and hurt him in ways that we can talk about. I think the campaign's messages, they're trying, they're racing to define Kamala Harris, and they want to do this argument where she said she was black when it helped her with, in this way. She said she was Indian when it helped her in this way as a way to make her seem unprincipled phony. This is, you know, you, we've seen this strategy run against candidates, especially women candidates all the time from Republicans. Trump just did it in a way that was like such an uns, subtle sledgehammer that it kind of blew up in his face. Can I just point out why it's so fucking stupid?


And like where it's coming from, that's not only in Donald Trump's mind, but like a broader feeling on the right with some of this DEI bullshit. It's like, like first of all, Kamala Harris, her mother came here from India. Her father came here from Jamaica. She has talked about that for her career. She has written about it in her book. She's given speeches about it. When she became the vice president, all of the stories everywhere said that she was the first black and south Asian woman to be vice president. Lot of firsts. There was a whole millions of headlines about that.


So the idea that it was hidden, or she, she tries, she turned black is just nonsense. Right? She went to a historically black college was Howard. Yes. She joined a historically black sorority. Yes. But they are trying to argue that somehow being black or presenting as black is an advantage as a political advantage in some places. Because everyone knows that black Americans, you know, they have all this privilege and advantage, right? Like, historically, right? And, and that sometimes saying that you have Indian heritage gives you some advantage politically, which is just, it's so fucking preposterous. But it's exactly how the right thinks now. Which is like, oh, well if you're white, you know, you're, you have to, you have to work hard and get ahead.


But if you're black or if you're some other minority, then the way that society is now and where's the DEI and everything else, then you get an advantage that other people don't get. That's what he's, that's the real racist part of it. And that's what he was really getting at. It is a, without using the acronym slash word, it's a way, it's a way of making, of arguing. She's a DEI candidate. She could never have succeeded in this way on her own because it is impossible for these Republicans to fathom the idea that a woman or a black woman or Indian woman could best them in all these ways to, to achieve what she has achieved to win the election. She's won to advance in the career of this. That's, they can't comprehend that you, they get to this also because they live like Kamala Harris's story.


Her, the fact that she's black and Indian is also an anathema to their view of America, right? Like what Trump is really argument is that he is a bulwark against changes in this country that mean that white men are gonna have less powers to become a more diverse country. And so the idea of Kamala Harris is that as Barack Obama in the same way, was something they could not comprehend. They could not wrap their mind around. And so they must lash out at it in the most offensive ways possible. Like it does, it does not compute in their mind that she could have, could achieved everything she's achieved based on her hard work, her talent, her brains, her grit, all of that. Like that does not, that is not in their, the way, in their worldview. It's not possible for them. Kamala Harris, who has won more elections than Donald Trump and JD Vance combined, who has more political experience in years than Donald Trump and JD Vance combined, who won the race for Attorney General, a close race for Attorney General, particularly the primary in the largest state in the country who won a race for US Senate in the largest state in the country, the fifth largest economy in the world.


And then who went on to run for president and got selected as vice president. And then just spent four years working with Joe Biden in the White House. That's the, that is the, the DEI candidate that they are denigrating there. Just the other thing, Tim, I was on the Bulwark podcast today with Tim Miller and something he pointed out that I had not occurred to me. JD Vance's kids I know, which I don't even, I didn't even wanna mention 'cause it's like they're his kids, but like, oh my God, I didn't wanna bring em up either. But he got asked about it and just basically stuck with Trump instead of pushing back anyways, your before or even separating himself in the most mild way to acknowledge the complexity of American life. Also Donald Trump. Oh, fucking like Donald Trump's daddy gave him a bunch of money and then he swindled his way to his for, that's, that's how Donald Trump got where he is.


That's Donald Trump's advantage. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, his, his DIH is being a, being a rich Phil son.


Po Save America is brought to you by American Scandal on Wondery. Explore the biggest political corruption scheme in US history in the latest season of the podcast. American Scandal, teapot Dome using vivid and immersive storytelling. American scandal Retrace is the bribes players in underhanded deals related to the Teapot dome scandal. In 1922, newspapers reported that Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall had leased federally owned oil reserves to two of the nation's wealthiest oil barons. Edward Doheny and Harry Sinclair Fall had made the deals to enrich himself. And all three men were charged with defrauding the US government. The scandal named after one of the oil reserves in Wyoming would eventually sense cleared a prison for contempt of Congress and jury tampering and made fall the first person ever convicted of a crime committed while serving in the US cabinet. Follow American scandal. wherever you get your podcasts, go deeper and get more to the story with Wonder East's Top history podcasts, including American History, tellers legacy, and even the Royals.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are your self-care non-negotiables? Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day. That's me. Never skip a therapy day. When your schedule is packed with kids' activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip even when we know it makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Totally believe that. You gotta make time for yourself. You gotta make time to talk to someone about what's going on in your life. And if you're like me, there's a lot going on right now. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/psa.


Pos Save America is brought to you by Z biotics pre-Cool. Lemme tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with Z Biotics. Pre-Cool. Pre-cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientist to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. you know what I could use from biotics? What could you use? So I need to do like a reminder. Yes. Like don't forget your biotics because if you forget it, if you forget that pre-cool. You don't want that. Yeah. I had a You don't wanna go back. We're not going back. We're Kamala Harris. We're not going back. We're not going back. But, no, I like that is my, the biggest challenge is just remembering like right for right before a party. Like, get this thing, you gotta do it. 'cause it works, it helps. I remember vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on. Get the most out of your summer plans by stocking up on Preh alcohol. Now go to z biotics.com/cricket to get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked checkout, pre-cool is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


So what did you make of Kamala Harris's response? I loved it. But what I wanna hear why I Lovett And as well, but I wanna hear why you loved it. Okay. So I had a couple people say to me, you know, Trump doing this and everyone calling him racist and, and him taking over the news cycle with this, it's giving me 2016 vibes where we were all like, oh, Trump every day was saying something sexist about Hillary. Or then he was saying something racist about someone else. And suddenly that became the campaign. And we all thought, oh, of course he's gonna lose. And then he wins. Right? And I do think that not just the Clinton campaign, but the whole Democratic party has sort of learned over the last several years that he wants us to take the bait.


Right? He wants, he was desperate for the Harris campaign and Democrats to be like, you are a racist. Let's, and then he's, I didn't say anything racist. I said that she's just trying to prove that she's not really black. You know, like, and they want that. And the fact that Kamala Harris stood up there and said it was disrespectful, like he always is and it's divisive, which he always is. But same old story, same old act. We're all tired of it. We've been hearing it for nine years. There's nothing new. It's complete bullshit. This is why we need to move forward. This is why we need to turn the page. It is the strongest argument and it prevents her from getting sucked in.


And it's also not ignoring it all together. 'cause I'm sure some people are, oh, she should ignore it. You can't, you can't ignore it. Yep. But I think lifting it up and making it about, it's not a fight between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. He wants it to be a personal fight between the two of them. What she needs to do is, every time he does this talk about like, this is a race about the people of this country and living in an inclusive, diverse country where every single person has the chance to get ahead. That's what this race is about. He doesn't want it to be about that. He wants to be about like lobbing insults at me and everyone else, because that's who he is. We're so tired of that. Let's move on. Yeah. I thought what I loved about it was she seemed overjoyed to take it on. On. Yeah. Like, she almost laughed in that clip right before she started.


'cause she's, she was ready for it. It wa you're right, it wasn't in anger, it wasn't about her. It was about taking it back on Donald Trump and then fitting it back in her frame. And I love when she said same old stuff, right? We've seen it. Yeah. It's the past. We're focused on the future. We don't need. and there is something, and and this is like, this is what I have loved about their campaign to date, is they take everything as an opportunity to push their frame. Right? They're not like, yeah, they're, they're fighting the war. Not, not the individual battles and the, because there was just something inherently old in past about not understanding people's complex identities in 2024. Right? It is an old man thing. Right? It is an old out of touch, 78-year-old rich guy who lives in Palm Beach who doesn't get it because, you know, tens of millions of Americans identify as biracial, right?


Everyone knows someone in their family, their friends, who it's a, you know, white mom, black dad, you know everything. Right? And how, and how people talk about it and think about it, And, you know, and this is, we dealt with this with Obama too, right? This was the whole thing. Obama's not black enough. All those things and people got it. You never had to be explained. 'cause they understand 'cause they see it in their lives. And Donald Trump just looks like a, like an old fart that doesn't get it. And that is, that's what you want, right? This is, that is, that is how this race has fundamentally shifted in the last two weeks. Is it, is we have gone from present verse near past to future verse past that Trump is the past. An old fart and an old fart who's fucking scared. Yeah. Like he looked and sounded weak doing that.


Like I know his whole thing and the whole race against Joe Biden was strength and Joe Biden's weak. But Donald Trump latching out like that makes him seem small and weak. It did not, it did not come from a position of strength. No. So, of course JD Vance joined in the stupidity in Arizona on Wednesday night. He called Harris a quote phony and his remarks and later added that she has a quote, fundamental chameleonlike nature that she's quote, not who she pretends to be. And he also accused her of faking a southern accent in her Atlanta rally after his event. Then he went back to defending his comments that not having children makes you quote sociopathic. When reporters asked him, Vance said, quote, I'm happy to defend what I said because what I said is true in a clip that the Harris campaign immediately circulated.


Good for them. So we've been wondering when Trump is gonna get tired of the JD Vance routine. It seems like the time might be now he was asked about Vance at the NABJ event. This didn't get obviously as much attention for, for for good reason. But here's what he said when he was asked about JD Vance. When You look at JD Vance, is he ready on j on day one? Does he what? Ready on day one if he has to be, I've always had great respect for him and for the other candidates too. But I will say this, And I think this is well documented. Historically, the vice president in terms of the election, does not have any impact. I mean, virtually no impact.


I just, We knew it. Honestly. I thought it would come as a, as a leak first, or I thought that maybe Trump would try to dress it up a little more. But he, he basically stuck two daggers in. He was asked, is he ready on day one? And his response is, is he ready to be president on day one? And his response is, the VP doesn't matter. Yeah. Because you, you can always, we've now been watching this sad said man on in, in the public sphere for so long that you also know this is the conversation he's been having with a bunch of rich Palm Beach donor types who are asking whether he fucked up the JD Vance pick. And his answer is he can't defend it 'cause there's no upside there at all.


But he would just say it doesn't matter. And he is like, historically it doesn't matter. It's not exactly true, but it's kind of true also, just the way he mentioned that he, he liked the other people too. And he did say another like little, I mean I could honestly that Could be nervous that I'm like, oh no, he is gonna drop a, I Think there's a chance he could. But I also love that he said he had always had great respect for him. Yeah, yeah. This Is, and also, you know, for Trump, Meaning like, until I didn't know any of this shit was gonna happen. Yeah, that's, that's basically what he was trying to say. I mean, Don Jr had his one moment in the son where his dad pretended like he loved him on stage at the convention and now, now he is fucked. He has fallen so far below Eric. He might be below Tiffany now in the family inheritance.


How long does Donald Trump have to do something about JD Vince, if he wanted to drop him from the ticket? Don't they have to print ballots somewhat soon in some Stage? I soon-ish. I don't think we're at ballot printing yet, but we're getting pretty close. 'cause we're not that far away from early votes starting in a handful of states. so you could, I mean, you can still do the switch after the ballot printing, but you'd much prefer not to. I, that's actually a really good question for an attorney of which we know someone we could ask because I know what happened, how tricky it is if the top of the ticket person Hmm. Is, but I don't know what would happen if it's the wrong personal ballot. Yeah. On the bottom. Like, like if it is all of a sudden it was Trump bergham what that would do.


But Yeah. But basically I think he would have like maybe a week at most to probably do this. I also can't imagine it being bergham as a replacement. 'cause it's like we're gonna drop JD Vance, but don't you worry everyone, we got Doug Bergham. Yeah. I mean, I don't know anyone who would be exciting for people, but like even Rubio I guess would be better at that point. I don't know. you know, there's a conversation happening somewhere in Mar-a-Lago in that, or in in the Trump campaign somewhere where they're whispering about like, well he could ditch JD Vance maybe during the Democratic convention step on her speech. Yeah. Do something like that. Get a, get a, get a press hit or maybe do it the day after.


Like they're, they're thinking about it. There was a, I Guess August 7th would be the, probably the deadline because you had to Right? Because that was the Ohio, the Ohio Ballot and Trump, like Kamala Harris could become president without Ohio. Donald Trump cannot. So yeah, August 7th, you after the switch and then the RNC would have some process by which they just rubber stamped whoever the replacement would Be. The new the new. Yeah. There's also reporting in the bulwark that everyone on the Trump team thinks that Kellyann Conway, who is in Favre of Rubio for the VP pick, is leaking internal doubts about Vance. She didn't exactly deny it to Mark Caputo at the Bulwark. What do you think is going on there? Is that just internal sniping where they're, the, the campaigns pissed at Kellyann and Kellyann is sniping back or what's going on there?


I Mean, who knows with these people? I think I, one thing that's pretty clear from seeing Kellyann over all these years is she really wants people to think she's right. Right. And in the know she lo she, she was, she she, they, the piece said that she bristled at the suggestion that she's not still advising Donald Trump. And she's like, I advise him all the time. I mean, yes, that is very clear that she, that in any conversation she has, she must put herself in the center of all big decisions in Trump land. And so you can just see a world where she's telling people that she was in the room pushing for Rubio or whoever else. And so she's not responsible for this Nu school who keeps saying crazy shit. So yeah, it is, you know, this is also, it's another sign that wheels are coming off because that's, this was like a flashback to 2017 and 2021 axio stories about various people knifing each other in Trump world.


Like, there's been none of that throughout this campaign. Like for all, like we've joked about that famously disciplined Trump campaign, but one way where they have been more coherent is that there is less, there's less of that internal drama spilling out into the pages of Politico and Exos. And this is kind of the, or the bulwark in this case. And this is the first time that's happening. So that's also a sign that they are all, they are on their heels since Kamala Harris began the, the presumptive democratic nominee. Of course time is a flat circle. So all of the Trump campaign internal sniping stories are coming back one more time. Yeah. Because those stories always come. If history says anything, 14 to 21 days after the Trump is a change man stories.


So we're right this, we're right on schedule here. Yeah, we are, we are. Alright. Lastly, before we move off of this horror show of an interview forever, Rachel Scott also asked Trump whether he can legitimately claim to be the candidate of law and order when he wants to pardon the January 6th rioters. Here's what he said. My impression is on those rioters who assaulted officers, you have to answer. Would you pardon those people? What's gonna happen? Oh, absolutely. I would, If they're innocent, would pardon those innocent. If they're innocent, I would pardon them. They've been convicted. And by the way, the Supreme Court just under, He would pardon people who have been convicted of physically assaulting police officers in some cases, giving them injuries that they are still recovering from right now.


And we didn't play it in the clip, but afterwards when she says, well, they've been convicted, he's like, yeah, but this system is, you know, is an unfair system. So again, convictions only count in Trump's mind when they are convictions against people. He does not like when they're convictions against people that support him or the people that he likes. They do not matter. That is the, that is the guy who wants to be the chief law enforcement officer in this country and execute our laws. Cool stuff. I mean, it is, I mean it's just, that's gonna be the worst politics. Like I, I mean, I just like, I know, I could see in the last couple months there were a few quotes here and there from people in the Trump orbit that they were like maybe trying to walk back the pardon thing by saying, well he wants to, he, he wouldn't pardon the rioters who've been convicted of physical assault.


It's the, it's the ones who've been convicted of like trespassing or just been sitting in jail and all they did was just walk into the capitol. Right? Like he Right. Just physically assaulting police officers. Sure. Pardoned. I mean that to me is an ad. That's an ad Right there. Yeah, a hundred percent. It is. And even the, like, you are really dancing head of a pin. If you're trying to separate the people who I know who were the two, the actual violence on people went, who went into the capitol. 'cause we've seen in polling, look, there are lots, ev majority of Republicans believe that the election was stolen. Many of them believe that what Trump did, nothing wrong on Ja, on January 6th. They, they have better feelings about, they think some of the convictions were wrong, the system's broken, but they really do not like the people who actually went into the capitol.


And even a lot of Republicans do not think they should be pardoned. And so Trump is he You're right. He has zoned in on, there's no more, there's no less popular way to talk about this than Trump has decided, than Trump is doing it. Like he is. It is, he's just, it's bizarre almost. It's, it is, there is has always been like this self-destructive impulse in him. And it is coming out in, he is in full flower right now. God, this is why I want the, the, the debate so badly. 'cause can you imagine? Yeah, I know. And it, and again, the the last debate it probably would've happened. He would've been self-destructive, had Biden not had the night that he had, but he, you know, he wasn't challenged. And I. Think if he's challenged at a debate, which I'm sure Kamala Harris would do And, I'm sure the moderators would do as well.


Who knows? Who knows what we'll see, speaking of political liabilities, project 2025 is quote winding down its policy operations according to the Washington Post. And the guy who was running it stepped down. This was also a fun reminder that Project 2025 isn't just a document full of terrible and unpopular ideas. It was also a staffing operation run out of the Heritage Foundation to act specifically as an administration in waiting for Donald Trump. And it was filled with over 200 people who worked in the last Trump administration, including some very senior advisors and a handful of cabinet secretaries. Anyway, the Trump campaign released a statement saying, reports of project 2020 five's demise would be greatly welcomed and should serve as notice to anyone or any group trying to misrepresent their influence with President Trump and his campaign.


It will not end well for you. Okay. Not everyone's so happy about this. On the right. Molly Hemingway, the editor in chief of the Federalist tweeted Trump world bows down to left wing media, lies and keep signaling. He doesn't want his most loyal foot soldiers who kept with him even when very few others did. Or their conservative ideas in his next administration. Interesting. Thank you Molly Hemingway. What do you think has really been going on behind the scenes between Project 2025 and the, the Trump people? I think the Trump people really wanted the project 2025 people to shut the hell up, right? Like there was no need. They did this all publicly as a way to raise, to raise money for the Heritage Foundation and raise the relevance of the Heritage Foundation.


A group that had fought that was very dominant for a long time republic politics and sort of fell out of Favre for a long time. And like they won all the work. They want the lists, they want the ideas, they just don't want the bad press. And this is something that had been getting a ton of attention. Democrats were utilizing it very well, and so they wanted the people to shut up. Now it's important to note that Donald Trump is the official nominee of the Republican Party. Next, in a couple weeks, Kamala Harris will be the official nominee of the Democratic Party. And what that will mean is that the federally funded transition operations will begin. So they don't need project 2025 in two weeks to staff the government with all these appic. Like they can do it.


They're gonna, they taxpayer dollars will be helping them do it by Labor Day. It's interesting when you said that, I thought, oh, now we're gonna know, like the transition's gonna get staffed with people who are part of project 2025. Like that is inevitable. Yeah, Yeah. It won't be the people who are the head of it, obviously. No. 'cause they don't, they wanna be careful. But like, it's gonna, it's gonna be become obvious pretty soon that of course the Trump campaign embraces both the people and the ideas of Project 2025. Obviously, of course they're going to do it. There's not even a question in my mind. There is no question in my mind that we're Trump to win the White House project. 2025 will be their a hundred day, their 200 day, their 300 day their first term plan. Right? That is, that is that is what they're gonna do.


And the people on that list are gonna be working in that government because do you think the Trump people are out there just really combing through LinkedIn looking for under secretaries of natural resources? There's of course not. There's no one, there's no one left. They had like dozens of senior advisors and national security people and cabinet secretaries who've said that Trump is dangerous and a threaten and would never work for him again. A whole bunch of other people who probably have legal bills from the last Trump administration, like they don't have a lot of choices. So of course that's how they're gonna staff their government. And the idea that, 'cause you know, I, you talk about sort of the democratic strategy moving forward on Project 2025, the idea that Donald Trump is somehow separate from these ideas or doesn't embrace most of these ideas.


Like he's already come out for eliminating the Department of Education, rolling back all of Joe Biden's environmental regulations, getting rid of most of the non-political appointees in the federal government to replace them with Mag loyalist. He included Medicare and social security cuts in every single budget he proposed every year he was president. Like all of this stuff he's already agreed to, you know? And so I, it's, I don't know. Is there anything else that you think Democrats should do going forward on this? I think We never stop talking about it. We keep pushing and we do not, we do not take no for an answer here, right. That this is their agenda. I would start joking too about Donald Trump saying things like, I know nothing about Project 2025.


I think some of the points are fine, some of them I disagree with. I've never read the document. I think some of the points are good. I have no idea who's behind it. More than 200 people who used to work for me run it. Like I just, there's sort of a, there's a mocking there that I think is important. 'cause some, some people will think, oh, well he's disavowed project 2025. He says he has nothing to do with it. And I think it's important to like remind people that he's full of shit. There Was plenty of great mainstream press coverage off project 2025. Like the, the press did a very good job of it. Really good job. But the reason why it broke through was people took it online and started creating their own content about it. It really was like, we are now living in a, you know, brat, summer coconut pilled abundance of pro Kamala anti-Trump media.


Yeah. But the one success we had prior to the changing in candidacy was a lot of people made some great videos and content about Project 2025 that really scared the shit of a lot of people. And they got, and they got shared. And so you can do continue. We should continue to do that. There's, I mean, these are, you know, cheesecake Factory menus, lists of bad policies that we can continue to do and people should keep doing and pushing it out there. Because then you're, if you're trying to litigate this in the free press, like what the Trump people accomplished here is getting the, you know, you can see the debate where the moderator says the Kamala Harris, but the Trump campaign, but the project has ended, right? Yeah. Or in a press conference or an interview that she is doing. Not an interview here, an interview with more credulous mainstream media.


But but on social media. Continue to educate people about it because you were in, you were, you were in the correct, you were in the right. If you are pushing this out there and explain to people what it is, 'cause that is a Trump agenda, whether they disavow this staffing plan or not.


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter Summers here in seasonal businesses are hiring everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders. This means that people with these specific skills are in high demand and not easy to find. Whether you're hiring for one of these roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. See a candidate who really shines ZipRecruiter lets you connect with them asap. You can use ZipRecruiter's, pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. We love ZipRecruiter. Yeah. We've used it to hire people right here at Crooked. Media. Yeah. For many years now. Many years. It's a fast technology. It lets you sort through people easier than just going resume by res. you know, it's, it's tough. Tiring ISS tough gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. CY four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire


po Save America is brought to you by Helix Sleep. How long have you had your mattress? For most people, it's probably time for an upgrade. Right? Well, Helix has exactly what you need. Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from. Each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Helix has models with memory foam layers to provide optimal pressure relief if you sleep on your side models with a more responsive foam to cradle your body for essential support in stomach and back sleeping positions. Plus enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. I have a Helix matrix in our guest bedroom. Every single person who stays with us says that bed is so comfortable. Where'd you get it? you know what I say? Where'd you say Helix? I love my Helix mattress. I have Don Lux. Don Lux. It's very comfortable. So Lux Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. Go to Helix sleep.com/crooked and use code Helix partner 20. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now. Again, that's Helix sleep.com/crooked and use code Helix partner 20.


Finding the music you love shouldn't be hard. That's why Pandora makes it easy to explore all your favorites and discover new artists and genres you'll love. Enjoy a personalized listening experience simply by selecting any song or album. And we'll make a station crafted just for you. Best of all, you can listen for free download Pandora on the Apple App Store or Google Play and start hearing the soundtrack to your life.


All right, we are down to the final few days until VP Harris selects a VP of her own. As a reminder of the reporting is that she's going to do a rally on Tuesday introducing her running mate. That rally is in Philadelphia stoking a lot of speculation that the pick would be Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro. The campaign said not to read too much into the location, but then today NBC news reported that Shapiro had canceled some fundraisers that were scheduled for this weekend. And Shapiro's folks confirmed that. They also reported that Shapiro met with Harris's vetting team on Wednesday. Harris wasn't there apparently, but reportedly the vetting team had very similar meetings with Arizona Senator Mark Kelly, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, Illinois Governor JB Pritzker, Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and transportation secretary, Pete Buttigieg.


How much do you read into all the signs that are pointing towards Shapiro? Do not read anything into the signs. There are no clues. I think it's helpful for you And, I to explain how this worked when Barack Obama picked Joe Biden. Yeah. We were in the know, we were senior ish staffers on that campaign up until hours before the announcement. Your team was writing three different speeches. Right. You wrote a speech for Joe Biden. I, well, I'll tell you what happened. Yes. We were supposed to write all three speeches. I wrote the Joe Biden speech. 'cause I was, I was getting, I was getting vibes that it might be Joe Biden. Yeah. And then someone else wrote the Evan by speech and someone else wrote the Tim Kane speech.


And I think that I edited the Tim Kane speech. I don't even think I looked at the Evan by speech. And I was like, he's not picking Evan by, but, so I like had a sense that it was Joe Biden. But you're right. That was all I knew. And we had to do three speeches Was long. Right. We had three communications plans. There were three sets of signs that were made Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. And so this idea that, because it's the most closely held secret in the entire campaign, I'm sure the campaign wants to tell their supporters before anyone else knows. So the idea that the advanced team knows it's Josh Shapiro, so they booked a rally in Pennsylvania, is, that is not it. The reason the rally's in Pennsylvania is because Pennsylvania is the most important state for Kamala Harris and Donald Trump to get to two 70.


And It's the closest to Washington DC and Wilmington where the campaign is. And so if you're doing a battleground state tour, it makes sense just logistically to start in, to start in Philly. That's so funny you say that. It did not occur to me until now that the campaign is still in Wilmington, Delaware. Even though Kabbala Harris is from Oakland, which is so I know, I mean, I love my home city, but it's just, I think it's, I I've heard that it's split. Like there's some people who are working outta DC and there's some people who are still working outta Wilmington. So Yeah, we'll See. And the idea, this idea Josh Shapiro may be canceling his fundraisers because I'm, he's probably been told as have the other finalists to keep their weekends open for some sort of secret meeting with Kamala Harris.


They're not gonna, she's not gonna pick. so you Thought on that With, and this there, the other thing you mentioned about the fundraiser pe about donors or campaign fundraisers telling people that they should give now, because there are certain laws about people who do business with the state giving for governors. The fundraisers also don't know. Right. No one knows who said, and No one would tell a fucking fundraiser. Yeah. If the, if the fun, like here's the thing. If the fundraiser knows, you know? Right. Yeah, I was gonna say the fundraiser knows failure. You have failed. Yes. And so I don't know that she, I she probably has not made her decision yet. She has apparently hasn't met with the, with the finalists yet the, she probably has an idea who she was thinking like I, Obama clearly was very much leaning towards Joe Biden when he, I think when he did those final th meetings with the folks.


But it's probably Kamala Harris, Jenna, O'Malley, Dillon, one or two other people over CLO on her closest team who have any sense of where her head is on this. Yeah. And so all the clues are fake. It's all just noise. So some lefty groups like the Democratic Socialists of America and the Uncommitted movement are making it known that they would not be happy with Shapiro on the ticket. Mainly because they think the Jewish governor is too pro-Israel, even though he's called Netanyahu, one of the worst leaders of all time and notably has taken positions on Gaza that are no different than any of the other VP contenders. What do you think about that? I Think it makes me deeply uncomfortable that you would have that position specifically for Governor Shapiro.


Yeah. Who's the only one who's Jewish. Yeah. And even beyond that, just for people's understanding, what matters here is Kamala Harris's position. Right, right. And just to, to give you an example from our life, Barack Obama's signature issue was his opposition to the Iraq War. Joe Biden voted for the Iraq War. It was a long time defender of the Iraq War. It became Barack Obama's running mate and became then an advocate for Barack Obama's position for ending the Iraq war. Right. That like that his position for he to be the no, the VP nominee will be what her position is. And so if you're comfortable with her position, and you may not be right and you may wanna push her to change her, whatever else, but her positions a dominant position here on this issue and every other issue.


And guess what? Kamala Harris, who's now getting attacked for positions she took in 2019 and 2020 in that primary, all of her positions are changed now because they were changed when she got to the White House because her positions were Joe Biden's positions. Yeah, that's what, just what you said. That's what happens with the VP and Josh Shapiro serves in this White House. His positions are going to be Kamala Harris' positions. Aside from that, the reason that Josh Shapiro keeps getting mentioned and he keeps popping up at the top of the list, is like the guy has a 60% approval rating in Pennsylvania. He has won elections there by a good deal. He outran John Fetterman in 2022. Now of course he was running against Doug Masano, who is somehow even a worse candidate than Dr.


Oz. But he is wildly popular in Pennsylvania. and there was a Fox poll I believe last week that tested, what if it was Shapiro versus Trump in Pennsylvania and had him winning by 10 points. And I haven't seen any polling yet that tests, how would Harris Shapiro fare against Trump Vance in Pennsylvania and like would it make a difference on the ticket? So I haven't seen that polling yet, but if it, if it helps a few points and everything else checks out well, was Josh Shapiro and Pennsylvania is the tipping point state in this election, the most important state to win. You could see why she would wanna go for Josh Shapiro. Yeah, I mean there, the polling is a little, I like hypothetical polling is always a little sketchy.


I have seen polling that ask people, would you Pennsylvania voters, would you be more or less likely to vote for Kamala Harris if Josh Shapiro was on the ticket? And I've seen similar question for Mark Kelly in Arizona. A lot of Pennsylvanians are more likely, most of them will say it makes no difference. A majority will say it makes no difference. Some of them will say more and some and a tiny percentage will say yes. So yeah, will say it makes them less likely to vote. But the problem with that polling is you, the sample sizes aren't good enough to know are the people who are saying more likely people who are voting for Kamala Harris anyway. Right. Right. so you don't really know the here, whether it's Josh Shapiro or Mark Kelly in Arizona. History shows. In the end with all of these things, there's a very small sample size issue. But generally in the past, one to two points is what you can expect from, it's the home state.


It's considered the home state advantage that has gone down in recent years as American politics have gotten more national, more polarized and more nationalized. But over the past it'd be, the home state advantage is greatly overstated. But Pennsylvania's probably gonna be decided by two points. So When was the last time there was a VP on the ticket who was from a very competitive state that, that like Paul Ryan In Wisconsin. What I was No, I was gonna say who, who ha who was a statewide official. Right. Because Paul Ryan in Wisconsin, it's like he had a district there and I'm sure people in Wisconsin know him. But he didn't, he he wasn't a statewide official in Wisconsin. Was it Gore in Tennessee?


Although Tennessee back in what, in, in 1992. That wasn't like a make or break state, was it? Clinton Won it easily in 92 and 96. That's right. Go obviously famously lost it in 2000. So in some cases the home state advantage doesn't work. Ryan, I think Paul Ryan is, it's the closest approximation. 'cause he's not a random congressman. He was a national figure with name Id sort of akin to a statewide elected official. But it's been a long time. But you, with the way they measure this generally is not in a battle. It doesn't have to be a battleground state. Like what, how did the state perform compared to how the, how the, how the candidates performed nationally. Right. Becauses a baseline. And so, you know, it's like Biden, did you know Obama did a point or two better in Delaware than he otherwise would've done based on, but it's, it's, it's all very hard to disentangle what it means.


So I think the thing is, it's not, it is, does not picking Shapiro does not guarantee Pennsylvania. It may help. It may, right. And as you say, the same thing about Mark Kelly in Arizona. It may help, but if it does help, it's only gonna help a little, Right? I think that's right. And so I think at the end of the day, if you're Kamala Harris, you want someone, first of all, you want someone who can govern, right? You like a lot of these candidates, and, and Barack Obama thought this too, which is like, I want to pick someone who, if something happens to me, then like I, I feel they are ready on day one. Like Trump could not say about JD Vance. And then you want someone that you like vibe with on the campaign trail. Someone that you know, someone that you trust, right? And so, you know, we can make all the political calculations and I'm sure that Harris's campaign is doing that as well, but she's gotta feel comfortable with this person.


And so what do you think about sort of the other contenders? I think, like you said, Kelly would potentially help with Arizona a little bit, which is a key state, not as key as Pennsylvania, not as many electoral votes. And she's probably behind there by more than she is in Pennsylvania. So that's something to consider. And then you've got Tim Walls, who, it would be someone that you'd pick because he's makes a great argument, he's great on tv. And, you know, could go to some of those Midwestern states and probably do well campaigning. I think Pete Buttigieg excellent communicator, one of the best messengers in the party also says nothing says Future than Harris and Pete on the ticket together.


So what do you think about some of the other possibilities? I actually think they're all great. Yeah. They really are. I I, I'm actually would not be disappointed with, there's Not a bad choice in the group. Yeah. I didn't have strong feelings about Tim Walls, but then I listened to the interview with Lovett And and he was awesome. Yeah. And it did remind me that this will also date myself back in 2006. Campaign ads didn't go viral back then 'cause no way to go viral. But Tim Walls had an introductory ad that was based on his time as a football coach for his congressional run 2006. That wa it was one that everyone in town talked about and thought was like the best ad of the cycle, which I looked for for at least seven minutes on YouTube. And I could not find, but Tim Wallace is, he has got a great story. He's a great candidate.


The internet has fallen in love with Tim Wal. Like he is, he is, there's a lot of Tim walls on TikTok these days. I mean, Kelly has obviously has gravitas, military experience, astronaut Gabby Gifford's, you know, you know, I, I think provides some ideological moderation in how people, he's sort of seen as a moderate tough on the border, Particularly on border stuff. Yeah. Border shoes, he's definitely like on paper, like the most impressive resume. Right. But then the question is, you know, we've seen a bunch of people who are on paper really good. It doesn't pan out, but on, on paper. I think you're right. Like an astronaut who was in the military, And I mean let's, yeah. And he border state, He's had two tough Ra, two really tough races, two high tough race profile, tough races.


Shapiro has not had a tough race. Right. That's 'cause because Doug Masano kook. Yeah. And then, then an attorney general races his, his attorney general races, which was statewide, but Yeah. But it's not the Same. He hasn't, he hasn't had a lot of money spent against him. Yeah. So we don't, like Kelly's been in The Crucible and so you can have some that gives you like, there, it's hard to compare a Senate race to a presidential race, but at least you've seen and he's had something. The other thing is that Susan, I talked about the Susan Rice when I, I talked to her for the last week's pod is all that stuff is interesting. But the president of the vice president have lunch together once a week. And so you really do have to like think about this if you have to pick someone, like imagine you're hiring someone for your company and they're like, you're like, I'm going to have to have lunch with this person once a week for the next four, eight years.


Like, you really gotta like the person for that. You really gotta think it's gonna be an interesting, useful conversation. And Honestly, honestly, that's why I hired Lovett And to be this speech writer in the White House. 'cause I was like, the interviews, there's a lot of good candidates, a lot of good speeches. But at the end of the day, I was sitting there at Starbucks and he's making me laugh and I'm like, I think I, I think, I think I could hang out with this guy 15 years later. Yeah. Boy. Still Eat lunch together. Only I could go back. Just kidding, just kidding. Lovett And. Yeah, no, I agree. And, and and also she knows Josh Shapiro because they were ags together the same class of ags. Same. And same thing with Bashir. We haven't talked about Bashir, but Andy Bashir is also that class of attorneys general. So some of these personal relationships probably matter as well.


Well, we'll see, we'll see. We'll see if it le if it leaks. So the event's gonna be Tuesday so it might really hoping it leaks before we record on Monday. But who knows? We have really gotten lucky with some, I know I just News recently. So I think that this one is definitely, you're gonna put that, put that pot in the can and then it's, it's gonna, it's gonna pop right out. Yeah, probably. Alright, before we go, the election cycle is ramping up and if that feels like being trapped in a Boeing that's already lost a wheel, but still speeding down the runway, we are here to help Every week we're cutting through the noise with honest, open sanity, preserving conversations about what's at stake. We're talking abortion, healthcare, immigration taxes, Supreme court positions and so much more. Wanna be proactive but don't know where to start. Consider subscribing to Pod, Save America.


And if you're already subscribed, let's take it a step further. Share an episode with five of your friends so they can share it with five of their friends. This line says, that's right. We're bringing back Y 2K chain letters. A reference that's, I don't know who will understand. I Mean we're of the demographic who should understand it? And. I don't understand it. Barely. Yeah. And if you're too young to know what that means, oh look, I should just should have read the next sentence. We need you out there more than anyone. I love when the housekeeping surprises me. Head to Apple or your preferred podcast platform now to make sure you're subscribed. Then share your favorite episode with someone in your life who could be more engaged, active, and hopeful for our democracy. There's no time to waste. Alright, that's our show for today. We will be back with a new pod on Tuesday morning.


And everyone have a good weekend and we'll talk to you then. Bye Everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricut.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod. Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer.


The show is mixed in, edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dtra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Pal Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of 99% Invisible. It's a podcast about all the thought that goes into things most people don't even think about. You're gonna see stories everywhere, follow and listen to 99% invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi. When you use Angi for your home project, you know all your jobs will be done well from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started at Angi dot com.