
Anthropics Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team, cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how Cloud can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude. Or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


It's almost time Verizon's Small business days are coming from October 14th to the 20th. Meet with our experts. Get one-on-one advice, a free tech check and special offers. Don't miss out. Give your business the VIP treatment it deserves. Call 1-800-483-FOUR 4 2 8 or go to verizon.com/small business. Get started today.


What's up Michigan? Welcome To. Pod. Save. America. I'm John Fabric. I'm Leah Lipman. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We got a great show for you tonight. Your next senator from the state of Michigan. Alyssa Slotkin is here and we're so lucky to have tonight. University of Michigan legal scholar and strict scrutiny co-host Ann Arbor's.


Very own Leah Lipman. All right guys, we are 30 days out from the election. How's everyone feeling? We gonna win. Alright, so the vibes in this race have gone from bad in the spring to great in the summer to extremely anxious right now. NBC news reports that the Harris campaign is planning on using these final weeks to quote more aggressively attack Donald Trump. You guys like that?


It's not for you. Well it's, it's, they see it as the best way to win over the small but decisive group of undecided voters. Because as one Harris campaign official said to NBC of this extremely close race quote, the numbers aren't moving. Harris certainly made the contrast with Trump clear here in Michigan. On Friday she did a rally in Flint and Detroit in Flint. She was with Michigan State legend Magic Johnson. And she attacked Trump's record on labor and manufacturing. Let's listen. Donald Trump's track record is a disaster for working people and he's trying to gaslight people all over our country.


But we know the facts and we know the truth. He is an existential threat to America's labor movement. America lost nearly 200,000 manufacturing jobs when he was president, including, including tens of thousands of jobs in Michigan. And those losses started before the pandemic making Donald Trump one of the biggest losers Of manufacturing jobs in American history.


She really leaned into that losers thing, huh? Really leaned in. So Dan, the Harris campaign told NBC that internal research is showing that the most effective message for voters for undecided voters, the ones they're still trying to persuade, is that Trump is unstable. Which is a bit of a shift in thinking from the conventional wisdom we've talked about up until now, that people have already made up their minds about Trump. And the best message is about Kamala Harris her values and what she'd do as president. What do you think? This is a shift, but I don't think it's as dramatic a shift as people think it is, because up to this point, Kamala Harris has run, most of her adss been positive, but about half of them have had some form of negative in him.


Usually either a fully negative ad on Trump or contrast ad that has some positive about her and some negative about Trump. But the order in which she did this makes sense, which is when Kamala Harris got in this race, she was an unknown figure to most of the country. And she was also a deeply unpopular figure. Her approval ratings were no better than Biden's. And so over the course of the last few months here, they ran, she was out campaigning, there was a convention, there was a debate, and they ran tens of millions of dollars of ads to teach people about her, who she is, her values, her visions, and her policies. And that worked spectacularly, her approval rating went up 16 points her, she now has a net favorability and she's much more popular than Trump. And you have to establish that bit of credibility with the electorate before you can start making negative ads.


'cause they're not gonna believe you. And then also the other side, negative ads will be more effective because they're filling in a vacuum. And so we are now on the closing argument phase of the campaign. We are 30 days away from the election. And so now is the time to make the argument against Trump. It doesn't mean she's gonna stop talking about herself like she's gonna do that. These events will still be positive ads because the New York Times post debate poll said that a quarter of voters still wanna learn more about her. But there are voters, and I know this is hard to believe, but there are voters who feel like they need to learn more about Trump. And it's about one in 10. It's true. It's about one in 10 voters and those voters are not. And there's so much bad shit about Trump. Like we were just talking on the last podcast about the unsealed filing that Jack Smith made, which is basically has Trump cheering on the hanging of Mike Pence and these 10 voters' attempted hanging, attempted hanging.


Yes, yes. No thanks Donald Trump. So what We like to be fact first here, That's they, before we get to the sectional conspiracy theories later, and these voters are not gonna hear this negative information about Trump by reading it in the news or listening to it on a podcast. The only way to show it to 'em is to pay for it, to put it in their feed when they're scoring social media, to put it on YouTube when they're looking at videos to put it on TV when they're watching college football games. And so this is the right thing to do. And I do think that the unstable message is interesting 'cause it's happening in a time of sort of increased chaos around the world, insecurity about what's happening, a hurricane here, violent, you know, attacks in the Middle East. And it's worth reminding people that Donald Trump is not just some normal Republican with differing views on healthcare in Texas.


He is a dangerous individual, right? He is a deranged, declining, pretty dumb guy at a very dangerous time. And if we, we can't run away from that. And I do think that, like to Dan's point of this is not that much of a shift. I Lovett cool it that a lot of this is not trying to teach people that Donald Trump is unstable. It is reminding people that Donald Trump is unstable, reaffirming what they already believe about Donald Trump and making an argument about why it's important, right? It's not changing people's minds about Trump, it's affirming their instincts about him in a way that is persuasive, which is really just I think, continuation of what they've already been doing.


Leah, you live here, so you've been inundated with ads and talking to plenty of people about the race. What are you hearing and what do you think of the strategy? So first I just have to say something about the weirdest ad I have seen repeatedly. There is an ad that runs on cable that tells me to vote for Donald Trump. And it's a woman who's a healthcare provider. And she tells me that under Joe Biden, she had to provide healthcare to someone she didn't want to. And I pause and I think you are running an ad that reminds people you want to deny people healthcare, right? Like when you want to weaken the Affordable Care Act, you want to send women to emergency rooms where they can't obtain healthcare.


This is nuts. And yet this is the ad I see repeatedly, you know, on the strategy of going negative on some level. I like it. You know, I like to be reminded that there is room in the Democratic Party for shit posters and mean girls. Like I feel very seen. On the other hand, I think focusing on Trump and Trump being uniquely bad misses an opportunity to remind people what the Democratic Party has done in Michigan and could do still because we have had, yes, our Democratic legislature has done clean energy reform, They have expanded voting rights, they have protected the queer community in Michigan, and they've done all of this with a small majority.


So we need to keep the State House blue and, and we also need to focus on the down ballot races, which again aren't about Trump. There's a non-partisan section on the Michigan ballot for the Michigan Supreme Court. And the reason why we have a reproductive freedom for All Amendment in Michigan is because the Michigan Supreme Court ordered the board of canvassers to allow the people to vote on the amendment. The Michigan Supreme Court is a critical, critical race and justice. Kyra Bolden and Kim and Kimberly and Thomas are the justices we need on the Michigan Supreme Court.


So Kyra and Kim for the win, it's not just about Trump being a shitty, dumb, deranged individual And we got to spend some time with them today. They are so, so impressive. You're not just getting to vote for them. You're getting to vote for really amazingly qualified people. Easy to remember Kyra and Kim for the win. I didn't meet them because I was in Ohio. I can't believe You having a great time. I had a great time in Ohio. He was at a Buckeyes game Speak. Speaking of going negative, I do think there's a way to combine both, which is, we've talked about this, but the, the most effective testing ads are not just negative ads about Trump.


They're not just positive ads about Kamala Harris. They are contrast ads where you, again, you need to frame the election as a choice. Here's the future under Trump. Here's the future under Kamala Harris. And it's not even just reminding people about Trump. It's like every single day he gives us new material so that Kamala Harris can stand up there and say, this is what you'll get for another four years if you elect him, and this is what you'll get if you'll elect me. so I think that you can probably do both. Lovett Kamala was focused on an economic contrast with Trump here in Michigan. She also talked about the great economic news we got this week, 250,000 jobs created last month, unemployment down wages up 4% from a year ago.


Polls have consistently shown that most voters still don't feel great about the economy, and they tend to trust Trump more on the issue though, that gap has narrowed considerably since Kamala, Harris has become the nominee, especially in the last month. Do you think that shifting in terms of like what she should be able to say, like can Kamala make economic progress part of her closing argument about the choice between her and Trump? Yeah, I think she is doing that. And like the point that Dan made, I mean, a shift in approval of a politician of this magnitude in this short extent, it's extraordinary. Never before seen nothing like that has happened before. And actually in more subtle ways, I think the same thing is happening in this economic argument.


There was a poll that came out today or yesterday that showed that among women for the first time, they are, they believe they, they believe Kamala Harris' policies on the economy are better than Donald Trump's policies on the economy. There's an AP poll from last week where she's basically kind of fought to even on whose policies would be better for you. The other part of this is that most people do not have a clean line in their mind between where an economic policy ends and a healthcare policy begins. She's been out there hammering the contrast on healthcare. And if you're gonna make prescription drugs more affordable, that is an economic issue. So I think it's an incredible how much progress they they've made and how different this campaign sounds on the economy than the Biden campaign sounded on the economy.


Is it possible for her to win on this issue? Maybe, but maybe also she doesn't have to, right? Like we need to win on healthcare and abortion. We need to win on these issues of extremism and, and stability. We have a, a deficit on immigration. We have a deficit on the economy, but it seems like she's doing the things that you would do to try to fight to a draw. I'd say I think the, the interesting change here is when it was Biden versus Trump, it was a choice between the past and the present. The Trump economy and the Biden economy. What Kamala Harris has done is she has tried to make it a choice about the future, right? In which, because we could argue all day about what the macroeconomic numbers say about the economy and how people feel.


And you're not gonna convince people that what they feel is not real because prices are still high, right? Inflation is down, but the prices have remained high. And so the key here is about what, who is gonna fight for you in the future between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. And she has framed that, which is why she's narrowed the gap in a way. Yeah, Tommy, a lot of nervous Democrats, which is all Democrats have been urging the Harris Walls campaign to get the candidate out there doing more interviews, more events, more of everything. Kamala sitting down with 60 Minutes on Monday night. She's got a Univision Town Hall on Thursday, and she apparently just recorded an episode of Alex Cooper's massive podcast.


Call her daddy The Daddy gang in the house. All right. Does all that count as being out there more? Are there other places she should go? Other people she should sit down with? Aside from it does Pod Save America? Of course, Of course. Thank you for that pity booking applause. We do Want to know why 60 Minutes is on on Monday. The thing about 60 Minutes is it's special. It's usually on on Sunday, which comes after a football game, which gets them a big audience. But we won't complain too much. Yes, I mean, so I, I've talked to the Harris campaign and Tim Wallace's people a lot about this. What happened was Joe Biden drops out on July 21st. They have to, she has to get the nomination, she has to pick a vp, they have to vet them, they have to do a plan, a convention, a convention speech, and then prepare for the debate.


And then walls goes down a similar path. And his debate happened on October 1st. And so basically their bet was the debates were gonna be the single biggest moments of the campaign with the most eyeballs on the candidates. So they have to do well now that they are past those big moments. They're going to do more interviews. And I think that call her daddy is a really good idea. I mean, she should do more traditional interviews like the 60 Minutes, like the Univision Town Hall. They should be gling with their Traveling Press Corps every couple of days. They should talk to all the local press they can possibly talk to. I mean, Kamala Harris already started doing that. She did local Philly TV was I think her first interview.


But then they have to think, okay, what's the audience we need? We're the voters we need, and how do we reach them? And so I, imagine for Call Her Daddy, they know that there's probably a lot of people watching or listening to that show who don't know that abortion is under threat in this country. And they don't know that Donald Trump is going to, you know, make sure that they don't have access to it in every state, let alone sort of the patchwork of laws that we have now. And they need to reach them. They also know that, you know, a lot of the, the persuadable voters that still exist are women under 50 without college degrees who are independents. And they think, okay, how do we find those people?


And sort of reverse engineer a strategy from that. Kamala Harris also did a show called All the Smoke. It's a NBA focused podcast. I imagine they did that because they know that she's been struggling with younger men, black and Latino men in particular. And people who watch that show are there to consume NBA news or sports news. They probably don't get a lot of political news in their lives. And that's a way to reach them or reach an audience that they might not talk to ever except for through paid media. so I think the critique of the campaign was a little bit unfair before the, the, the debates. Now it's legitimate, but they are clearly hitting the gas and I think they need to do more.


But, you know, this is a, a good start. I love the call her daddy thing, like it's not strict scrutiny, but it's really awesome because I think it drives home the contrast between Democrats and Republicans. Democrats are the party that allows you to have fun and are normies, right? Like you can, like Taylor Swift, beer, football, freedom and all of these things and have fun and be a Democrat. Whereas the Republicans are going on these like men's rights incel podcasts. Like we get a new clip from JD Vance every week from some weird podcast. He went on saying weird shit. And so Kamala Harris is doing a cool podcast and it's gonna be fun and awesome and so I, I like the contrast. Yeah, No, I agree.


All right, we will be back in a bit with more news. And we're back This week. Donald Trump started several new conspiracies. Wouldn't you know it? Laura Ingram was standing by to help spread the bad word. So now it's time to break it down in a segment we call, okay, stop. Let's see, let's see how Fox News handled its duty to viewers during this serious natural disaster. Wait, okay, stop. Yes.


It's not the clip we talked about. It's a Bad time. It's a bad time. That's not the clip we talked about. What is that? What Do we see on the screen? It seems, seems like there's somebody who's about to gone too soon run into some mud. All right, well let's roll the clip Until, Okay, stop. Okay. Did that hurt? That looked like it hurt when you were, your hair was rubbing against the nest and we're all muddy And it's the, it's more on the, the knees and the legs. It's very, it's, you're in the gravel. There's it's mud, but under the mud is dirt. You can't see what's down there. And also lifting these giant, we're about to see it, but lifting these giant cubes.


They did me a nice job in the edit because when I was whipping this rope off of the column, I really, I really got Rachel in the face And Just, she got hit in the face with a rope. And then Jeff said something off the screen where he compared me to an a movie cowboy. And I said, I think I said, shut up, Jeff. Oh my God. Okay, let's roll It. I mean, let's keep rolling. This John, whipping that road there. Wow. Go. You're good. Gotta go, Andy. Okay, stop.


So is that the only outfit that got dirty the whole time? No, there are other outfits that also got dirty, as you know. I did miss three dinners. I just wanna point that this is a very funny moment. 'cause Sam was like, is there mud on my lip? And I'm like, yeah, there's mud on your whole body, man, she mud all over you, my man. So you got a little annoyed with Sammy for asking that. And then you almost hit Rachel with the, so I did hit Rachel with it. So, so we're, we're wondering why you got voted off. I don't think anybody's wondering why I got voted off. All right. It felt like baptism by mud. Oh no. Like, we're gonna win this challenge. And every challenge that follows my name is, I live in Boston right now.


We Don't really know each other, but this is a tribe that can win challenges because we, did I live Los Angeles in WeHo? No, I started in WeHo where all the gays go. I was A Okay, stop. Annika has gotten a lot of shit for that because it's like, I'm gay and I'm from Los Angeles. WeHo. No, not WeHo, but she didn't deserve it. Yeah, no, I think she was just trying to make conversation. Oh, But here you go. I, I wanna see this part. This is great. A While. And then I started a podcast called Pod. Save. America. I've heard the name. Well, have any of you listened to it? I haven't. How?


Okay. Stop. I, When I, when I first saw this and heard this, I was in tears. I almost pissed my pants. I could The, Maybe, maybe, maybe I like the person just trying, like, they, like I should pretend that I've listened to his fucking podcast. They'd all heard of it. They'd heard Of it. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe They'd heard of it. Did What Did you change the way you speak to go on Survivor? You have like a new tone of voice and new voice. It, your ditching is Different. This faux humility. Like, then I kind of started A podcast.


It's like, It's like no big deal. Homophobic. Homophobic. Never do that impression again. Shame on you. I I hate the spotlight. The other one's named after Me. I never said I hate the spotlight. Never said I hate the spotlight. How big could it, how big could it be? I, that's a funny thing to say. I'm not What do you want? It's very, very popular. We sell out theaters in Ann Arbor. What's that gonna do for me? I's trying to keep it light. Shut up. Roll the clip. How big it, I feel like your podcast is huge, right?


Do I? That's super cool. So what was to say? Shut up. What was I, what would you, what do you say there? Yes, it's huge. It's always at the top of the chart. It's us fighting it out with Michael Barbaro. Yeah. There we, There's your best friend, your best friend Andy. I want you to know, know, when I got to the hotel last night, I turned on the TV and Survivor was on. Andy still going strong. Yeah, I'm aware. I'm aware. And we wish him the best wherever he is. The what do you and Our special guest for tonight? Jerry Springer. It. That's Great. I will say the, the one I was the silver lining to all of this, Leah, is your silence noted is that imagine what we would've done with every episode of just material.


I just, I don't know that I could have survived it. I know, I know, I know. so I barely, I couldn't survive the survivor, but I dunno that I could have survived watching it Connect with two people. It would actually be very hard to get voted out. I'm bi. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm gay. Wait, all that. Do you know that one? Okay. I'm not that old. Oh my God, I was So Sorry. No, I love Vine. I remember Know about Vine. That's right. I was still a young person looking at my tribe. I'm realizing I'm not getting to know a group of people. I'm getting to know a group of young people. I am 41 years old. Like, okay, so I'm old now.


No, I really like, I like, there's so much back in my day stuff coming outta my mouth, but being a speech writer, okay, stop and learn what you need to be Your interactions with them in the scene. I'm really sorry. They remind me of JD Vance in the donut shop. Oh. Oh, fuck you. Fuck you. Sorry. Fuck you. Oh, are you Sorry, you're not sorry. I'm not sorry. You're Not sorry. I'm not sorry. Oh, please. Unbelievable. How dare you. The Rule said you weren't gonna fact check me.


This, this is the moment when we were watching where Emily was just like, oh, they gave him the old edit, Finish the fucking thing. Able To put yourself in other people's shoes. I'm addicted to TikTok. First Person voted out of Survivor. 47. John, that's four. That's enough. Need to bring me your torch. I look, I look good there though. John Chop Spoken. Okay, stop. I'll say something nice. Okay. If Mike Pence has the courage to do the right thing, you could still win Survivor. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Bright and fast.


Temp you to go. Alright. Just like, okay. I am the host here. Yeah, I like you. But I am the host. Amazing. Look at Andy. Good job Andy. What a dick. That guy sucks. No. Hey, hey. We wish Andy won't talk that way about one of Lovett's closest friends. Yeah, that's my best friend you're talking About. And that's okay. Stop. Woo Andros.


Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team, Claude can help you do your best work securely. Discover how Claude can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude, or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Therapy is great. It is John. It is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just the, for those who've experienced major trauma, everyone can use therapy. Just great to talk to someone. I'm going to, I, I texted my therapist, I said, I'm coming back after this election. Either way, win or lose. And she's like, who is this? This New number? If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash psa today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for teens with built-in limits for who can contact them and the content they can see helping teens safely connect to the people and things that matter Most plus, teens under 16 require parental approval to change safety settings. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact them and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


So while Kamala Harris was here in Michigan, Trump spent his Friday in Georgia and North Carolina focused on his core message, a new conspiracy theory that the federal government isn't helping people who've been devastated by Hurricane Helene because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris spent all the money on people who came here illegally. Trump has been spreading this garbage everywhere. Elon Musk has been promoting even crazier conspiracies on Twitter. Marjorie Taylor Greene tweeted this about Democrats quote, yes, they can control the weather. It's ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it can't be done. That is ridiculous. Hey John, first of all, shame on you. That's not about Democrats, it's about Jews.


Yes, it Definitely Is. Shaba. I I I've heard mixed stuff about that. I've heard other people say that she was talking about Democrats. Yeah, both. I, I think Anyway, who is the space Lasers? Yeah, you, you do them. Well, we know that. Yes. Anyway, even though FEMA journalists, democratic and Republican officials in the affected states, including Republican officials who support Trump, keep begging Trump, Elon, others to stop spreading these lies. Trump refuses. Here he is on Friday. It's been a, a terrible response from the White House. They're missing a billion dollars that was used for another purpose.


And nobody's seen anything like that. Now from that standpoint, it's been terrible. Now, a lot of the money that was supposed to go to Georgia and supposed to go to North Carolina and all of the others is going and has gone already. It's been gone for people that came into the country illegally. Look, we have a president that spent more, he spends most of his time on the beach sleeping. I never saw a guy could sleep in front of a camera. Does anybody think of it? I I don't sleep that much. I toss and turn. I think, I think, I think I'm always thinking, you ever do that? You're sweating and you thinking and you're trying to figure out how to beat this one that look how to make our country great. But I tossed and I turned He's, he's thinking, I think he's think he's thinking, he's thinking.


I think he's, I think he's kept using thinking and acid reflux. That's, I think you're Describing anxiety. Yeah. I Dunno. He's just, he's trying to, he's just, he's losing sleep, trying to figure out how to make this country great. Tossing and turning. It's a lot of, I mean, it's a hard, it's a lot of, not It, I think it's the Diet Coke. It's having diet Coke's too late in the day. Tommy, what does the truth here, did the White House send a hurricane to devastate Trump supporters and then spend all our disaster relief money registering non-citizens to vote? Is that what happened? Yes. There's obviously a, it's such a brazen and unbelievable lie. And of course with all Trump lies, there is an element of projection because in 2019 he did divert a bunch of DHS disaster relief money to the southern border to build detention facilities for migrants.


So maybe that's part of this, but the, the administration, the Biden administration has already allocated $110 million for disaster relief. That is just the very beginning. But Biden is also told Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee and Virginia, that the federal government is gonna cover 100% of the cost of things like debris removal, first responders, emergency food and shelter. So there's way more money to come. But you know, as you noted, like Elon Musk, Trump, Mark Robinson, like the worst people in Republican politics, thank you for hissing at those people are spreading these conspiracy theories.


And the result is you have Republicans in North Carolina begging them to stop begging them because this is not just a political problem. You have people calling these offices, you know, people who are in need, who are stranded, who are worried calling their local officials saying, I'm reading that FEMA's gonna repossess my assets or gonna take over my farm. And they're flooding these lines and people can't get good information. They can't get the help they need. Local offices are being inundated. So this is a real problem. That's, that's putting people at risk. And so I, you know what, what seems to have happened is the Republican party is turned into just a bunch of Alex Jones'.


You know, it is the worst of the worst spreading the biggest bullshit. And you know, we went, we spent years having Republicans tell us that social media was lefty and rigged. And now you've got Elon Musk buying Twitter, you've got Facebook no longer caring about content moderation. God knows what's happening on TikTok. And this is kind of the, like nothing good lay of the land going into an election where we're gonna have some very close calls and delayed election results. And it's pretty unnerving. Yeah. It's been, if anyone has seen this on Twitter or on TikTok, it is a nightmare. Some of the conspiracies are even like, some of them are funny. They're so crazy. Some of them are not. There's one about how the government directed the hurricane to Western North Carolina because there's lithium there.


And so they wanted to destroy the town so they could get the lithium and I guess then make batteries Elect. It all goes back to the electric cars. Yes. Yeah. They've, there, there's, there's stories that they're confiscating people's homes. The theme is going and taking people's homes like it's, it's wild. Dan, the White House has been working really hard to debunk these conspiracies and show the president, vice president FEMA doing everything they can to help Kamala Harris today is in North Carolina meeting with first responders fema, Roy Cooper. But of course we know how easily disinformation misinformation spreads in this environment.


How much does all this worry you? And is there anything else you think they could be doing? Well John, I know you're famously offline, so you may not know this, but our information ecosystem is pretty shitty. Yeah, no, I mean it real, we really are at a point where there are no rules, no regulations, no referees. It's like Mad Max Fury Road out there. And, and it's, it's a huge problem. And it's not gonna get fixed anytime soon because this is one case where the, the traditional political press can deservedly get a lot of shit for how they cover things. But they are out there pushing back on this left and right and it doesn't matter because their reach is so diminished from what it was before. And their credibility is so diminished that the people most likely to believe this stuff are the least likely to believe the press.


In fact, they usually view a fact check from the press as evidence of the conspiracy because the, the media would be in on it. It. And so we're gonna live in this world for a long time politically. And it is, as Tommy sort of referenced, it is very scary when you think about the election and the sort of conspiracy theories about voter fraud and whatever else Trump wants to put out there to try to set up the big lie 2.0 is gonna spread around faster with fewer checks that it did in 2020 exponentially. And so the question is what do you do about it? And there are no easy answers here. And so the two things I would say is, one, all of us have agency here. You know, we're not, I'm not suggesting the people here in the audience are listening today, try to convince their deeply red pilled uncle about this stuff.


But you're gonna, there are a whole bunch of people in your lives who are checking into politics right now for the first time. And they're gonna ask some questions and they're more likely to trust you than they are to trust CNN or the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal or someone like that. So we should think about ourselves as the, the fact checkers for our friends. And I think that's really important. 'cause we have real power to influence to people we know. The second thing is, it's very hard because if you're in the perspective of the White House or the Harris campaign, or just Democrats more broadly, you don't wanna go around playing whack-a-mole on all these things. 'cause you'll never get your message out. You're just, you're, and just, if your whole campaign can't be Trump said X, but the reality is y and so you have to take it a little bit bigger. And so instead of playing his game, you have to call out his game and you have to call out why he is lying about these things.


Why he's trying to divide us to help him to get power for himself, to help his rich friends. And make it part of your overall message that he is trying to pull the wool over the American people's eyes so that he can gain power, avoided legal accountability and give tax cuts to his rich friends. Yeah, I I mean, to our earlier discussion about the slight shift in strategy where she's gonna be doing more contrast and more sort of attacks on Trump, I would, if I was Kamala Harris, I'd go and kick the shit out of him on this. Like I would go out and it, you can't do that in the first week. Right? She's done everything she should be doing. She went to visit Georgia, she's in North Carolina, but at some point she could just go out there and talk about and call out the game and what he's trying to do and how there are democrats, republicans, local officials, people like in red states, blue blue areas of red, red states working together to help people to clean this up.


And then there's Donald Trump who wants to win an election, right. Which is just like what he's done with everything. Every other issue, everything is about him trying to win an election. And I think that I would just, I would just tell people, because then it, it, it shows the contrast that like if she's president, right, this is how she's gonna handle dealing with a natural disaster, dealing with disaster relief. Donald Trump's president, well first of all, we know how he's handled natural disasters and he's just gonna, he's gonna do it again. The, The the other piece of this of why it's, I think it's really important that, that we have to be doing this right now is there are still Republican governors that are willing to be honest about this, to say that the Biden administration is doing a great job.


There's still that last piece of tether to the old earth where these people are willing to tell the truth about it. And that's a tho those Republicans are probably doing more good than anything a Democrat could say right now. Right? Yeah. That really matters. And there's a ton of like AI images going around and they look silly. They look, they don't look believable. They may be fooling a certain subset of people who wanna be fooled, but like, it's not high on the list of things we talk about for why it's important to defeat Donald Trump and defeat this form of republicanism. It is very clear that like the technology is gonna enable people to make up whatever they want. The AI is gonna become more persuasive. Our only hope is defeating this form of republicanism because the fact that like so many of these elected Republican leaders went to this form of politics so quickly, there will be no stopping them in the next, like the Republican governors are gonna move to the right, they're gonna become more cra like.


It's all shifting in that direction. Like we have one last chance right now to stop this kind of politics because we are, there's no information system. We're not gonna be able to, there won't be a Republican governor on our side the next time this happens. Yeah. Leah Politico ran a story Friday that says The politics of federal disaster relief is a topic that Trump has always been keenly attuned to. Is it your sense that Donald Trump has always been keenly attuned to the politics of natural disasters? Well, so he has been attuned to it in the following sense, which I think gets at your point about Vice President Harris being able to drive home a contrast between herself and Donald Trump. You know, it came out this past week the reports that when California needed federal support in order to get that federal support from Donald Trump, his aides went to him and basically showed him you actually have a large number of voters in California before he would actually ace to the request for federal relief in California.


And this is the lie that he is trying to attribute to the Biden administration now. And it's exactly what people warned about. It came up at his impeachment trial regarding the, you know, effort to extort zelensky to accuse Biden of misdeeds. You know, law professor Stanford law professor Pam Carlin testified and she invited lawmakers. Imagine you live in a state that experiences severe weather events and your governor goes to the president and is requesting disaster relief. And he says to your governor, what are you gonna do for me? And this is the exact problem with Donald Trump. And he is again telling everyone that the Biden administration is doing exactly what he did.


And it's just, it's Gross. Yeah, no, it, and I, I honestly like her talking about that it's the right thing to do. But I also think like in this home stretch, this is, it's politically wise to, to draw that contrast. It Look, they are doing everything they're supposed to do to respond to a storm and Donald Trump, the only reason this kind of politics is successful is 'cause people are already so cynical that they believe the government operates the way Donald Trump would operate it if he were in power. It, it works because they believe Donald Trump will do what he would, what he already did when he was president and what he would do again. And is so fucking cynical. It is. I have nothing to say about it. I'm just furious.


Outrageous, outrageous evil. Well, before we move on, we gotta talk about Melania Trump, who hasn't been on the campaign trail for her husband or really anywhere this entire race until this week. So a reporter at The Guardian got their hands on an early copy of her book that's coming out next week and reported that in it, the former First Lady reveals that she is stridently pro-choice once, I guess Sure. What are you plotting Exactly? Don't put, put your hands away what you've lost, you've lost the credibility to applaud.


So the report happens. And once the report gets out, Melania did what anyone would do in this situation and posted the following video. Individual freedom is a fundamental principle that I safeguard without a doubt. There is no room for compromise when it comes to this essential right. That all women possess from birth individual freedom. What does my body, my choice really mean? It, it reminds me of like the first days of the pandemic when we all were doing zooms and you had like one lamp in your living room, so just like the left side of Your face was lit.


What the fuck was that lighting? It's, it's, it's Melania for abortion for Elizabeth Arden two face From Batman. What do Leo, what'd you think of that? It's a Shitty nineties perfume commercial. It it's, it looks and sounds like she's auditioning to be the next villain from Genovia for Princess Deni diaries three. Right? Like it also kind of looks like that, but you know, in some sense it is totally consistent with everything Republicans have done on abortion and reproductive justice, which is to gaslight and insist they're not going to do the exact thing we know they're going to do. You know, when Donald Trump was running, he ran on a platform to appoint justices who would overrule Roe versus Wade.


But then when he nominated Justices, all of the Republican senators are like, what are you talking about? They're not gonna overrule Roe versus Wade. And they're doing the exact same thing here. And there is just a special place in hell for white women who will shill for the patriarchy. The music. Was the music necessary? What was the music? Let's, Let's not loose the forest for the trees. Here she is releasing a book three weeks before the election in which she takes the opposite position of her husband on the, one of the most important issues in the election. That is fucking bananas. Do you, okay, so let's, let's talk, let's, because we don't know the answer to this, but do we think it was some, so some people say this was a strategy from the Trump campaign with Melania, that they wanted to soften his image on abortion by saying, well, you know, he, he kind of believes everyone can do their own thing and his wife, you know, believes something different.


Or was it just coincidence and Melania wants to sell books. This is a, this is like the crypto, the watches the shoes. It is a way like the clock is ticking here. 'cause if he loses in 30 days, no one's buying that fucking book. So she gotta sell it. Now the This idea that it's a strategy. Okay. I think that like, so remember when she had that jacket that said, I don't, I don't really care to you. Yeah. When she talks about that in the Book, I'm sure, I'm sure she does. And there was this whole news cycle about how she's sending a message to her husband. No, she was upset about her press coverage. And then there's a part of the book where she, so there was a a a mean video that claimed that Baron had autism.


Rosie O'Donnell shared it and said, oh, maybe this'll help for autism awareness. Deleted it when she found out it wasn't true. Melania writes that this was one of the cruelest things, Rosie it was on purpose. It was every time you try to, people have tried to ascribe some deeper meaning to Melania Trump's intentions. What you have found on the other side of it is that she's a lot like her husband. That it's about bad press, it's about personal grievance, it's about attention and it's about what she can get for herself like that She's married to Donald Trump and, And there was also a report, I think it was CNN tried to get an interview about the book and the publisher wrote back, yes, you can have one if you give us, was it a hundred thousand dollars a quarter mill?


Sorry, a quarter mill. They were trying to extract money for an interview about a book, Which is, which is way more than most of us charge for our interviews. Yeah. Who do? That's a lot. Do Who do you think you are Mo? Dang, I did that joke and Lovett or leave it. That's a recycled joke. Yeah, I mean like whether was I agree with you, it feels too complicated for it to be a strategy, but obviously like Donald Trump knew what was going to be in this book. The release was timed for to maximize sales in the heat of the campaign. So they knew this cycle was coming, this narrative, this new cycle. You know these reports about what she says? I mean yes, because they wanted to make money. Donald Trump who is running on some sort of faux pop agenda, is selling a hundred thousand dollars gold watch right now.


It's a nice watch. Yeah. The watch And you can buy and you can buy it with crypto. A hundred thousand dollars, a hundred thousand dollars gold. Watch the guy that people, there's a lot of people, people trust on the economy, A lot of people breaking down the cost of the watch. Yeah. Shocker. It's not an expensive watch. No, No shit. Well good luck on the book Melania. Alright, when we come back, your next Senator Alyssa Slotkin


UBC's programs in geographic information systems translate to career growth. GIS jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


Andros Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how cloud can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans, Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


We are thrilled to welcome to the show tonight. The next US Senator from the great state of Michigan, Congresswoman Alyssa Slacken. Thank you. It's so good. That's all the political nerds these Are, that's a good reception. First of all, thank you for letting us hang out with you today. We did two was so fun events together. You have a new bus that's very beautiful and a rap, sorry, rv, that's A RV Tommy. But It was very, like, you're having some big events Saturday morning, 9:00 AM 150 people knocking doors for you.


I mean, I mean, Michigan's where it's at, I mean, I don't know duh Well or where it's at. Let's talk about that. So Axios reported that last week you told some supporters that Kamala Harris is underwater in the state of Michigan. the same report also said that Republicans believe that your race is tightening. What's the truth here? I mean, how are you feeling about Kamala Harris's odds in Michigan and your race against Mike Rogers? Yeah, I mean, I think anyone who's from Michigan will tell you that the minute you sleep on Michigan, it's gonna go the wrong direction. Right? In 2016, we voted for Trump in this state, right? And closest margin in the country.


And then we've been making up for it ever since, right? By electing Gretchen Whitmer and our attorney general, our secretary of state. And so I think to me, I mean, look, we also watched Hillary Clinton ahead in all those polls before 2016. Michiganders are an independently minded people. We're still ticket splitters a lot of people. So the minute you say, you know, I'm gonna be on the sugar high here and think that we're just coasting, the victory is the minute you lose. And so to me it wasn't any different than what I've been saying, which is it's terribly close and we're now just within the margin of effort to win this election.


If we work for it, we're gonna win. And if we don't work for it, we're not gonna win. And that's the same in my race. That's why you see people out, you know, in Livingston County and in Dexter today and all these Yeah. Livingston County. And so I, I just, it it, to me, the minute we get too high on our own supply is the minute we lose here in Michigan. That's Right. You know, you do see a lot of people in Washington who think ticket splitters don't exist. It's a figment of our imagination. But you're, you're meeting them out on the trail. I mean, not only meeting them, I mean, I, I can't see the audience, but I'm guessing most people here know even in their own families, you saw me today. Yeah. Ask people like, raise your hand if a relationship with a family member, a friend, a colleague, a work partner has become uncomfortable because of politics and everyone in Michigan raised their hand.


I mean, it really is. Thanksgiving dinner has come become uncomfortable for a bunch of us. And I, I'm, I, you know, represent a district that's very purple. Most of my mayors and town supervisors are Republican. Right. And I, they sh they've been sending me pictures of their absentee ballots, which have already gone out. And it literally, I see them filled in the box for Trump and Slotkin. And, you know, we can have a conversation about the Trump part, but the ticket splitter does exist in Michigan or else we wouldn't be the swing state that we are. One challenge for President Biden and now for Kamala Harris in Michigan is the uncommitted movement, which is, you know, Arab Americans, progressives, a lot of young people who are frustrated about the Biden administration's Gaza policy.


This group, I think seems to be expanding to people who have ties to Lebanon, who are concerned about the Israeli ground invasion in, in airstrikes into Lebanon against Hezbollah. Kamala Harris met with Muslim and Arab American voters before her event in Michigan on Friday. So yesterday, I know you've met with these voters many, many times. What do you think they need to see and hear from Vice President Harris to earn back their support? Yeah, I mean, look, I think it's hard to overstate how this issue has roiled the state of Michigan, right? And it's of course, because we have the largest Arab and Muslim American population, we have a large Jewish population, we have a large student population.


But it's also because unlike other places in the country, we're very integrated here. We grow up together, right? My parents, local public high school is literally half Jewish, half Muslim American. They have off for the high holidays. And for eat, we go to school together, we go to the same sport teams, we go to the same restaurants. And that's a an amazing thing. An amazing thing. And it, but it also makes it so personal when the conflict in the Middle East just literally comes home. My dad was in and out of the hospital this year, and every single doctor and specialist was Arab or Muslim American, right? So it just makes it so personal here. And to me, the most important thing that anyone can do, myself included, but certainly Kamala Harris, is you gotta keep the lines of communication open.


That means having hard conversations constantly, that means reaching out to people and saying, look, I know you're in pain. Right? I see what's happening. The the saddest thing about it is that my experience is that the leaders that I talk to on all sides of this, particularly in the Arab and Muslim American community and the Jewish community, are experiencing really the, the mirror image of the same thing. They both feel like the other Americans don't care about my dead. They don't care about people who look like me and my children being killed. Both communities feel like they're terrified of rising antisemitism of Islamophobia. They're worried about what's going on in college campuses.


They, they don't know what the future is. Both communities feel that same sense of just anxiousness and hurt. So to me, keeping lines of communication open is important for her. I was glad she met with, with the people she did that at the last time she was in and the time before that. I think that's important. But then also you, you can be as supportive of the state of Israel as you want and still show empathy for people who are dying and it makes you no less supportive of their security. And so expressing that empathy and being willing to listen and learn, I think are the key things that, that is my best advice to her on a very, very personal issue here.


That's good advice. I I bet a lot of people listening and, and here tonight are like, are, are reading the watch the news and just worried about the war expanding and seeming to spiral outta control. You've got, you know, the Israelis are now hitting targets in Yemen. The IDF is is launching this ground invasion to Lebanon. Iran launched another massive barrage of missiles at Israel. We are all now waiting to see what the Israelis do to respond. And, you know, before you won a congressional seat, you had this really impressive career in the national security world. You were the CIA Department of Defense, like a number of big jobs. Can you just help people understand what is happening and how worried you are as an expert about things escalating further?


Yeah. you know, what we talk about in national security circles is the ladder of escalation, right? That you're, you're, you're trying to contain things, but sometimes without your, your even willingness to do it, it starts to get out of control. And that's what I think a lot of us are fearing right now. Yeah. Right. With the expansion into Lebanon, with Iran firing a much more serious barrage of ballistic missiles, incu including a hypersonic that came through some of the defenses. It just, the, the, that spiral is happening. And I, I think people feel deeply concerned about it. And to me, you know, any country in the world has the right to, to push back when ballistic missiles are being fired at it.


But it is just clear to me that we are on the precipice of something much more serious that frankly as, as Middle East analysts like used to always study in school. Yeah. Like what if we had full on warfare between Iran and Israel and what would happen? So, you know, it's, it's already been a crazy couple of months year here and I think everyone's just making sure that we don't have that cycle of escalation go completely outta control. Yeah. Well hopefully they can get to a, a ceasefire and hostage release deal in Gaza and start kept things under control. Switching gears to, to Michigan, I mean, Donald Trump is trying to use the Biden administration's efforts to que combat climate change, especially their support for electric vehicles to drive a wedge between the Democratic party and auto workers.


Do you think that effort is working? And if so, how do you think Democrats can convince the UAW auto workers people in the industry here in Michigan, that clean energy policies aren't going to negatively impact the auto industry? Yeah, I mean, look, I think the UAW understands this more than most because they're the ones who are staffing the new plants that we're building. We have 44 new plants being built in the state of Michigan after 40 years of not a single new plant. So, and here's the thing, I think, you know, they, the, the other side has kind of turned this into a completely political issue here in Michigan, we don't care what kind of car you wanna drive, right?


I live on a farm, I live on a dirt road. I don't live anywhere near a charging station. That's not probably in my immediate future, but if the question is who wants to build the next generation of vehicles, you're damn right. I want it to be Michigan and the United States of America and not China. And I think, I don't, I don't understand the position of the other side. They're like, China's eating our lunch on this vehicle in China, China, China. It's like, right. So do you wanna do something about it or do you wanna just like kick back and watch them do that? And in Michigan, we know what it's like to miss movements on this, right? Yeah. Yeah. In the seventies and eighties, Michiganders were like, why would anyone drive anything but a huge vehicle?


Like, what are these fuel efficient vehicles you're bringing in from Japan and from Korea? We poo-pooed it, and then they ate our lunch. So we don't wanna miss this. We don't have to drive them, but we wanna build them. Well said. Let me ask you about your opponent, Mike Rogers. I remember him being a very conservative, but not like a total Trump sycophant, like some of his colleagues back in, you know, 20 14, 20 15. But then he left office, I think in 2015, he became a lobbyist. He moved to Florida, I believe, and then he came back and he's just gone full maga.


Is this like, what happened? Is this the price you pay to win a primary in, in any Senate race? Now? I, Yes. I mean, I think the, the simple answer is the Mike Rogers of 2014 is not the Mike Rogers of 2024. And I think actually in for Michiganders, like we understand that there's not gonna be only Democrats winning elections. We understand that we are a purple state, and I think most Michiganders want two healthy parties that debate and push and back on each other about the role of government in our lives and make policy better. We dream about that, but that's not what this is. And I think the, the saddest thing is watching someone who, you know, did and was vocal about pushing back at some points about Trump and, and conspiracies around the 2020 election.


Now talk about all the shenanigans that are gonna happen in southeast Michigan for this election. I mean, laying the predicate along with Trump, that if he doesn't win, the elections are rigged, right? Because that's what's happening for across the board. So it's sad, even for me, and I'm running against him, it's like watching the last buffalo die. It's very sad. Sorry. It's sad. Speaking of dead buffaloes, maybe your family's in the meat business in the hotdog business.


I'm serious. You are a Hamas Hezbollah hotdog expert. What's the right way to eat a hot dog? Ketchup, mustard chili. Okay. Okay. So yeah, thank you there. People in the back screaming a, a Coney dog, like a Coney, okay. It's a Michigan thing. Okay. But, and, and there's, you know, dueling conies in downtown Detroit and Right, yeah. Lafayette versus national. They're all screaming in the audience. Oh man. It is literally my per preference is a good Alby Frankfurter. I personally slice it a little bit, grill it flat, that's me, but, okay. Chili mustard, little bit of onions if that's your thing.


And that is what we call a Detroit Coney. And you're welcome. What do you say to critics who say, putting chili on anything is too close to like Skyline Chili from Cincinnati? I mean, I don't know if you're purposely trying to agitate me and or the crowd by mentioning Ohio. This is, yeah, Ohio does kind of suck. Okay. I mean, it, it just, and so no, they can take their chili and suck it in Ohio. Okay. Well said. I do wanna remind everyone that Lovett was in Toledo today.


So, last question. You know, we were out with you today. We saw people knocking on doors. I know that campaigns need everything at the end, but there's a lot of people here who wanna help you out. There's a lot of people listening at home who wanna help you out. What should they do? So, couple of things just to a two hour volunteer shift, literally, especially in this area, just, I know it sounds simple, but that simple act of actually engaging other people, they know that you gave a crap about their vote. Right? And just, especially in this area, in the Ann Arbor area, the students have the ability to literally decide this election, I mean, for the whole country. And so doing a two hour shift with us, with the one campaign, you know, that whatever you want.


And then I think, you know, particularly in this crowd doing a little social media and being like, you know what? This is what I'm doing. This is my plan to vote. Asking people and agitating about whether they're gonna vote. We know that at University of Michigan, they literally stood outside in 2022 for four hours to vote on proposition three, make it a thing and just talk, talk, talk about it every single day until the election. So everyone here has committed, I think, to doing a two hour shift. Amazing. There we go. Congresswoman Alyssa Slackin, thank you so much for joining the show. How nice would it be to have a US Senator from Michigan who knows the auto industry, who knows foreign policy, who represents and cares about you guys?


You have the chance to elect her. So, and Can I just say youngest democratic woman in there you go. Youngest democratic woman in the Senate. I'm not young, I'm young for the Senate. Thanks everybody. Alright, now it's time for a game. I'm gonna divide John Tommy, Dan and Leah into teams and quiz them on the absolute chaos, the hodgepodge, the unholy hoish that is the Michigan Republican Party and a game we're calling Take a Michigander at these freaks.


AKA Austen's parents are in the audience. We also have a Michigan based sports game. Oh, et cetera. All right, John and Leah, you're a team. Yeah, we're Ready. I got a, I got a Michigander right here. Yeah. Say Michigander Legal scholar on your team and we have each other. Cool. Screwed. Yeah, you guys keep up with the news all. First question, John and Leah, Florida, man, Mike Rogers move back to Michigan from the Sunshine State from Florida. Man, Mike Rogers moved back to Michigan from the Sunshine State and bought a house. How many months before he announced his current Senate run? How many months before he announced? Did he buy Multiple choice on this?


No. Oh, six. Six Incorrect for the steel one? No, God dammit. It was three months. Oh, right. Between Three months. Wow. 90 days. Ooh. You could have had, I mean, it'd be a wrist, but you could have eggs, you know, in the fridge that long. You check 'em. But you could eat 'em Three months. They're old eggs, But they might Be fine. For legal reasons. For legal reasons.


We have to cut that. But FDAI Said you could eat the eggs. Tommy and Dan, which of the following musicians did former GOP chair? Christina Carmo called Tools of Satan, Katy Perry and Lady Gaga, Billy Eilish and Beyonce Post Malone in the weekend chapel. Ron and Lil Nas X. Which pair? What was the first one of Satan? Katie, Perry. And Lady. Why, Why did they get a multiple choice question? It's gonna j it's, it's, it's, it's equity, not equality. That's why. Can you read 'em again?


Katy Perry and Lady Gaga, Billy Eilish and Beyonce Post Malone and the weekend chapel. Rowan and Lil Nas X who are tools of Satan? Is there an all the above Billy Eilish and sure. Billy Ish and Beyonce? Correct. Nice. Good job, Dan. She Also apparently D Cardi b Ariana Grande and the practice of yoga, the practice of yoga tool of Satan, Downward dog. Leah and John Michigan is one of several states along with Arizona and Nevada, where fake electors have been slapped with felony charges for basely, declaring themselves electors to help Trump steal the 2020 election. Which of the following people is not one of the 15 fake electors being prosecuted for sending their fake votes to Mike Pence, the national archivist and the Michigan Secretary of State?


Is it a Walt Kowalski Kain war vet and former Ford employee? Is it b Micha Maddock, former co-chair of the Michigan Republican Party. Is it John Haggard, owner of Haggard's Plumbing and Heating, or D Rose Rook? Former Van Buren County. GOP Chair. Which of the following is not See False, wrong? The correct answer is Walt Kowalski. That is of course the name of Clint Eastwood's character in Grand Torino. Which Bummer. Which tops virtually all of the Michigan movie list available on the internet. So let's get some more movies shot in Michigan because we can beat Grand Torino people.


What about an eight mile? Eight mile is also up on the list, but it's that an eight mile. Duking it out. What about gross point blank? Oh yeah. Wow. One note there was a 16th fake elector but flipped. They got him not being prosecuted. Turned on him. Thanks. Huh? James Renner. He sang like a bird. All right, Dan and Tommy, true or false state representative Josh Shriver was forced to delete a tweet after reposting a meme involving blacks, stick figures and white stick figures espousing the great replacement theory back in February. Sure.


True, True. False. He did not delete it. It is up right now. Ah, Fuck. I knew it. It is up right now. It is so fucking you can compare. It's, that's it, it's so ra it's just racist up right now. That's from today. Why Didn't we get to steal on that? Yeah. Which we had. True false. Yeah. Well, if they're gonna get equity, Not equality. I don't know about how many lawyers On this show, but got how many months they got true false. Right? And we still got it wrong, so Yeah, they got it wrong. Fucking lawyers. Alright. Hey, last June. Ignore, Stop the steal over here.


Keep going. Let's Go. Last June, a physical brawl broke out at a Michigan GOP meeting between CLA county Republican party chair Mark D. Young and Wayne County Republican. James Chapman. Afterwards, de Young told the Detroit news, he blanked me in my blank. As soon as I opened the door Kicked me in the nuts. I'll accept it. It was balls. Nice. Well you got that, but I'm tough, but fair. You worked the refs and so I gave you the win. You said it was. It's three on two. It's three on two. And now I'm like, I gotta give him one. That's what Trump does. Not a, you are the Trump of this. All right, David Muir us. Not a strict textualist, I assume What?


Not a strict textualist. That's right. That's right. So living, breathing, document these cards. Evolving with the times. How could you be an originalist before the internet? It doesn't even make any sense. What did Madison think? Google it. You can't, you know, I'm gonna invite you to guess. Lecture in my next law school class Didn't have microfiche Earlier this year, state representative Matt Maddock posted a social media claiming to have spotted buses loaded with, loaded up with invading illegals at the Detroit airport along with photos of said buses.


Who did the invaders turn out to be? I will give you a hint. It was the month of March. That is your hint. The hint is that it was the month of March when this busload of invaders came basketball Team March Madness. Okay. A basketball Team. I'm, I'm gonna give it to you. Yes. We were looking for Gonzaga's men's basketball team And There's staff arriving for the NCAA championships. March madness. More like March this crazy bastard right outta town. But I'm giving it to you Lee and John, former Michigan House speaker Lee Chatfield and his wife, who have been charged with 15 corruption charges all related to chat fields's time as speaker were granted permission by a judge in Meg to travel out of state for what event?


A their son's wedding. B, the birth of their first grandchild. CA separate unrelated trial for larceny or D, the Kentucky Derby D That is correct. It was the Kentucky Derby Derby. Wow. Dan Tom, speaking of the most upstanding Republican in Michigan, while a state rep Chatfield was recorded on camera being arrested for bringing what onto a plane, a Detroit international airport Gun. Seems Kitty have gotten it through security.


Is he bringing it on the plane or is he bringing it through TSA? He was arrested for bringing what onto a plane. A Detroit international airport. I have no more information and I don't believe this is so nuanced as to not also potentially mean security. It may be on the plane, it might be on the way to the plane. This card does not, does not contemplate your follow-up question. We're gonna go with gun and you're gonna be right. It was a loaded unregistered handgun. Just loosen his carry on. He did apologize. He did apologize. That's important. Yeah. Os Well, that ends well, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Now, today you wouldn't apologize. Sorry. The woke TSA stop me from being an American. And finally, Lee and John State representative Angela Riggs called attending the January 6th insurrection.


What a troop. Patriotism b the least we could do to show our support for Donald Trump, the greatest president in American history. CA completely legal and peaceful protest. Or DA highlight of my life. D It was d yeah. A highlight of my life. Of course. Sound effect. So if somebody says sound effect, you just make a noise. Why did you think to do that? Why did you think about that? What Kind of go, ah, are we doing that?


That's an insane thing to do. And I it's obviously insane. Only one person in a thousand people was like, sound effect. I know, eh, weird people. Not like those great people I met today in Toledo, Ohio. We'll insert the sound effect of host and you know what that sound means because I wasn't, it's time for a lightning round where the points really, I wasn't able to, I wasn't able to get out of knowing things that easy. This tour, Tommy, John, Dan, and Leah have been given Michigan sports related questions. Mine from the brains of producer Austin to torture me in a simultaneous mini game.


We're calling 50 shades of Let's go blue John. Kick it off. Okay, Lovett, who are the Michigan Wolverines currently playing? As. we tape this show. Please note Austin has mentioned this. A ha stop it, stop cheating. Austin has mentioned this half a dozen times and it was playing on a giant TV outside the venue when we walked in, Walked. I know I've now I don't, I would not have known. I would not have known. I hear the person in the front row. Thank you for Thank You for that help. Who think that, who thinks they're at home doing dishes while listen, listening for and has forgotten that we can fucking hear you.


Hey, I know this, I know this experience is similar to how you normally hear us on the toilet, but when you say something, we can hear you. Hey, thanks for listening. But I, but I now know that it is the Huskies, but I wouldn't known it Is, it is, it is the Huskies Belichick. Okay. From where? Do you know where, from where? No, I mean, I don't know. Huskies like the, like the sled dogs. Yeah. So Alaska, The Washington Huskies. Okay. Okay. So former Michigan head coach Jim Harbaugh was known for his iconic expression.


Who's got it better than us? Which one of the following is not another memorable saying from Jim Harbaugh. A I take a vitamin every day. It's called a steak B. That's cool. We refuse to drink the candy ass skim milk. Or the 1%. He's right about that. If that's true. That's smart. Skim milk is a scam. Don't drink skim milk. C I'll sleep when I'm dead. That's basically all you can do then. That's funny. D big congrats to Judge Judy on signing her contract extension through 2020 from a devout fan. Oh, that's so weird. He's a weird guy.


There's a lot of men who would live a longer life if they didn't think salmon was woke. I'm gonna say the, the the one about See, I'm gonna say, see the one that's gonna say, I'm gonna say that's fake. That's correct. Oh, I got it. It was clever. It was clever. Okay. The Michigan Wolverines begin every game with an intro and video narrated by which famous actor in Michigan? Alum, I'll give you a hint. He died last month. He died last month. Uplifting hints. Yeah. It's it's not, not James Earl Jones. It is. It's James Earl Jones.


Hell yeah. Hell yeah. That's not a, that's a star. I did, of course. Which of the following is Detroit Lion's head coach Dan Campbell's actual Starbucks orders. Is it a 12 ounces of warm whole milk with extra foam? Is it B two venti coffees with two shots in each C. One of the unicorn frappuccinos that went viral in 2016 and he's still getting them. Or DA grande brown sugar oat milk shaken espresso. I I think it's B 'cause it's so insane. B is correct. Yes. Wow. And let me, wow. Just to do the calculus. That's over 1100 milligrams of caffeine in total more than 13 Red Bulls in one coffee order.


That's Terrible. I need to, I need that's, that's gonna be my new order. Order. That's good. That's good. I like that. You get one of those in the Morning. That sounds good. All right. The victors, the fight song for the Michigan Wolverine says that Michigan is the champions of what? Cardinal directions. Direction. One direction. One direction. Not the, not that one direction. So they're the, the cha. Well, it's either North Michigan or the champions of what? Cardinal direction. It seems like it could all of them seem wrong. It's not east. You're not west, you're not south, you're not north. What the fuck East fuck you.


It is the West. The West. That's stupid. What do you mean the West? It doesn't make sense. Sense. So that's the most, that's the dumbest one to pick. You can't come to Michigan and shit on our song. Especially if you come from Ohio. What? Yeah, the, the songs in Ohio make much more sense and they put chili on spaghetti there, like real sophisticates. Okay. True or false? The official name of Detroit Lions Blue is Honolulu Blue. Weird. True. I guess. Yes. That's The Ford family purchased the NFL's Detroit Lions on the same day as what?


Historical event? What historical event. Oh wow. The four. I could give a hint. I'm not gonna give Poor the Detroit Lions on a histor. I mean, I, I'm, there's just, I'm not getting out of this stuff. Nine 11 close. What? The Kennedy assassination. Is it close? Yeah, it involves, yeah, days. I was, my other option is gonna be D-Day. They're days that live in infamy for sure. Right. Okay. Which NHL Hall of Famer in Detroit. Red Wings Captain will the new bridge connecting Detroit to Canada be named after a Gordy.


Howell. B Alex Delvecchio C Nick Lindstrom D Steve Eisman. And you know, there's been a lot of great scientists from this state, right? You think your athletes aren't getting enough fucking attention? Open a book. I don't know. It's d Gordy. Hal. Okay. Yeah. Do you do wanna do one more? Sure. Which of the following is not a minor league baseball team in Michigan? A The Saginaw Sugar Beets. B The Utica Unicorns. Nah, that Can't be C. The west side. Wooly Mammoths. D. All of these are actual teams, I guess. D They're actual teams. Yeah, they are.


Wow. They're, what does society have built? That's 50 shades of Let's go blue. And that's our game. Woo. And that's our show for tonight. Thanks Alyssa Slotkin, thank you to Leah Lipman. Everyone go check out votes Save America table in the back and 30 days to the election. Go do everything. Go volunteer, go make calls. Let's win this. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricut.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more.


Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Hot Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis writing support by Holly Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, KIRO Aviv, and David Toles.


UBC's programs in geographic information systems translate to career growth GIS Jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UMBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


It is almost time. Verizon's small business days are coming from October 14th to the 20th. Meet with our experts. Get one-on-one advice, a free tech check and special offers. Don't miss out. Give your business the VIP treatment it deserves. Call 1-800-483-FOUR 4 2 8 or go to verizon.com/small business. Get started today.