
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. The news cycle may feel relentless, but worrying about your home security doesn't have to be. Whether you're following the latest political updates or need a break from the headlines. SimpliSafe provides proactive protection so you can enjoy some peace of mind with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out each morning, or when locking up each night, traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans. Start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back as we know. Love it. Set up a simply safe all by himself. Figured it out, and it has protected him and and pundit for years now. So endorsed by John Lovett. What more could you want? Visit simplisafe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit i uud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Fru. I'm Jon Lovett, Tommy Vitor. On today's show, we've got Elon Musk calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme on Joe Rogan. The same weekend Donald Trump announces he wants to spend our tax dollars on a strategic crypto reserve, which is definitely not a Ponzi scheme. No, we also got new tariffs coming. Woo hoo. Just as a bunch of new polls show that people actually don't think Trump's doing a great job bringing down inflation. And then as Donald Trump prepares to give his big speech to Congress Tuesday night, we'll talk about the new debate on the left about how Democrats should be pushing on Trump and whether they should be pushing back at all. But first guys, we gotta talk about the absolute shit show of an Oval Office meeting on Friday where Trump and JD Vance ganged up on Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky, an ally whose country has been fighting off an invasion by Vladimir Putin, a brutal dictator who used to be our adversary.


Hopefully you all get a chance to hear the bonus episode Tommy and Ben did about this over the weekend. A lot has happened since then after Zelensky was basically kicked outta the White House because JD Vance didn't think he was sufficiently grateful for US support. Didn't say thank you enough. Zelensky flew to London to meet with European leaders about negotiating a peace process that doesn't entail just giving Putin everything he wants. Meanwhile, the Russians could not be happier. Kremlin spokesman, Dmitri Pesco said on Sunday that the Trump administration is quote, rapidly changing all foreign policy configurations. This largely aligns with our vision. Hard to argue with that. After Axios reported that Trump was set to hold a meeting with JD Vance, Marco Rubio and National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, to talk about the idea of cutting off American aid to Ukraine altogether, waltz told Fox News, quote, the American people's patience is not unlimited.


Their wallets are not unlimited, and our stockpiles and munitions are not unlimited. If you're wondering how Republicans are feeling about all this, especially previously pro Ukraine, Republicans, here's a sample of their reaction to Friday's, blow up Millions of American hearts swell with full overflowing crime today. To watch President Trump put Zelensky in his place instead Of showing gratitude, he interrupted and berated his hosts. Am I embarrassed about Trump? I have never been more proud of the President. I was very proud of JD Vance. It's going to be Putin and President Trump and and the people on our side that will end up making this decision for the future of Ukraine.


Look, this is one of the great moments in the history of American diplomacy. Jesus, these fucking Is. That was that that start and end with Stephen Miller. I think we know what swell during that meeting, Stephen Miller, These real housewife fucking Luann wasn't grateful enough for the invitation. Oh, also, Donald Trump didn't give Ukraine really any aid, and JD Vance voted against the, the supplemental spending bill for Ukraine aid. So who are we thinking? Exactly? I love Tommy Tuberville there. I'm I'm assuming that was him who said, yeah, it's gonna be Trump Putin. And everyone on our side deciding it's like, what? What are we Our side? Tommy, now that you've had more time to process what happened on Friday, do you have any other thoughts on the fallout and whether things have gotten better or worse since then?


Yeah, so I think the, in, in terms of zelensky efforts to get more support from the US or get some sort of security deal, you just mentioned a way where it got worse in the near term because it sounds like they're freezing an additional, they're freezing. It's more money that could be transferred over to Ukraine in terms of weapons stockpiles. But the bigger picture problem that that Zelensky has is that Trump and JD Vance just want a deal and they don't care about the substance of the deal. They don't care if the Russians end up occupying 20% of Ukrainian territory or if Ukraine is told that they can't have a real armed forces going forward. So there's just kind of a sitting duck sitting there like, Trump just wants a win in the Western press. Now, from Europe's perspective, I think maybe the meeting was clarifying and maybe that could help Zelensky because you know, now there's all these reports that France and the UK are trying to pull together a European peacekeeping group that will give zelensky a security guarantee after there is a peace deal, and that's what he really wants.


So I, I think like the challenge going that into that meeting, now that I've thought about it more, is the US media tends to forget that all these foreign leaders who come in have their own political considerations. And for zelensky like that meeting going really badly and getting in a fight was not good. But a worse outcome for him would've been getting bullied into taking a ceasefire deal that leaves them vulnerable going forward when Putin decides to break a ceasefire agreement that he cuts just to kind of make Trump happy. And so it, it's a bit of a mixed bag. I don't know. The hopeful version is maybe the Europeans will get their shit together finally and give you Ukraine what they need. Love it. What was your take on the meeting? There's been a lot of speculation that Trump and Vance plan to ambush Zelensky, Maggie Haberman and other journalists who covered the White House are reporting that the Trump people are saying it was spontaneous.


What do you think? I I have no idea. I, I like, part of this is just like, none of this makes sense, right? Like none of the none of like what they're saying aligns with what they're actually doing. Right? Like, I'm trying to like separate, like the meeting is disgusting, right? Like this is fucking disgusting. This is a guy flying from a war torn country. He basically saved his country in part by like sheer force of personality and personal bravery. Yeah. He flies across the world to the United States, our ally up until three months ago. Now he's trying to grovel for his country's life to sign a mineral deal. That, that, that also doesn't make any sense. That doesn't include any security guarantees. He's agreeing to do it because he's just trying to get through another day with Donald Trump and JD Vance. He's sitting there, he's getting questions about why he is not wearing a fucking suit.


And Marjorie Taylor Greene's boyfriend See Trump apparently said to the press court, oh, this guy dressed up today. Yeah, she's talking She, That was before, that was before the Meeting. Before the meeting. And so like, he's an waking nightmare. Like I, the, the question I have is, okay, let's say all this played out behind the scenes, right? Like not in front of the cameras, like take away the aesthetics of it. It's like, you know, in the morning, Marco Rubio thought signing this mineral deal and ostensibly becoming more entwined with Ukraine was a good idea. By the afternoon, it's no longer a good idea. And everything Trump is doing is making sense. There's all these sort of like post hoc rationalizations for Donald Trump. Like even in the days that have followed, like you go like try to read about this meeting, and it's people saying, is Trump abandoning the World War II order for spheres of influence?


Like, no, he's just a careening asshole. And there's this whole intellectual framework like evolving around him to justify what he's saying. Like even Vance in the meeting, he says, we tried the pathway of Joe Biden, of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States' words matter more than the president of the United States' actions. And so therefore we're capitulating completely in our actions. Right? Right. Like, why does what follows from there a kind of diplomacy in which the aggressor is ignored, right? Like, let's say they do want peace. They do want a deal at all costs. Wouldn't that involve putting pressure on Vladimir Putin as well? Where is that? Like, you can't really make any sense around this 'cause it's a bunch of people acting emotionally trying to rationalize Donald Trump's various, like, ego-driven, grievance driven, assumption driven foreign policy.


And so like we end up like having these serious conversations about these like fundamentally despicable and unserious people. That was my reaction. Yeah. I like, I don't think it was an ambush or planned. I think what was planned is both Trump and JD Vance don't like or respect Zelensky that much because as Tommy said, they just wanted to get a deal. And they, I think they are, are just annoyed at the whole situation that they have to like, go through all the motions here and they have to deal with him and treat him like he's an ally. Right. Or that like he's an equal partner or, or, or even a partner at all. Like, I I, I dunno if you, I'm sure you guys did this, I'm sure you did this, Tommy, like I went back to the transcript and read it like so many times to see where it went off the rails. Yep.


Because it all like, it was going fine and then it Was at times a little bit chummy, even Little. Yes. And then They're joking about their Disagreements. They're joking about Europe. Yeah. And it starts, the, the bad part starts with the reporter asking Trump if he's too aligned with Putin, which is obviously a trigger for him, right? Like that's, that's just gonna set Trump off and like that couldn't be pre-planned. Right? And then Trump says, oh, you see the hatred he's got for Putin pointing to Zelensky. It's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hate. He's got tremendous hatred. So like we start the meeting by Trump scolding the guy, keep in mind scolding the guy that he had just called a dictator twice over the past couple weeks we're like complaining about Zelensky not saying thank you. And Trump has called this guy a dictator twice.


So then he scolds him while he's sitting right there in the Oval Office for having too much hatred to do the deal. But then even Trump sort of like, you know, he's like, I just wanna get a deal. I'm aligned with Europe. I just wanna get something done. I got something. And the whole thing probably would've gone away then if fucking JD Vance didn't jump in after Trump finished his answer. He Was the chief arsonist. No one asked JD Vance for a follow-up answer on that. JD Vance just jumped in after Trump went and did this whole thing where you said, where he also just gets the whole timeline around. He's like, Putin invaded Ukraine after Joe Biden like just tried to talk tough and didn't engage in diplomacy. So Zelensky is like, well that's not the timeline. Like Zelensky iss basically like, yeah, well he's been trying to invade the country and he's been like at war with us since 2014.


And then he also throws in, by the way, during the first answer, and God bless now President Trump will stop him. Right? Which was also nice, I'd say like, I, I respect Maggie's reporting, but there were at times where I felt like the headline was like, this wasn't an ambush. And then the substance of the story didn't back that up. For example, Lindsey Graham is running around telling everyone that he told Zelensky not to take Trump's bait. Well, if this wasn't a setup, then why would he be baited in the first place? And maybe that's an overly literal meeting. But like Trump's position is, you have to come into the Oval office, you have to bound with to my will. You cannot disagree with me even about points of fact. And that's just not tenable for the leader of a country fighting for its existence. And so like ambush, not an ambush, it was designed for domestic political consumption.


Like JD VTIs speech was his chance to finally talk in a big boy meeting and lead the headlines 41 days into the administration where Elon had been in, in ahead of him every other day. And then Trump at the end says, well, I think it was good for the American people to hear all that. And this will make for good tv. And if you wanna make this all a private discussion about the substance, don't have the fucking pool spray in there for 45 minutes. Yeah. There's, there's one moment where, where Zelensky calls him jd and then JD calls him Mr. President. And so like, you feel like it's quite personal, but like, none of this should be personal, right? Like, it's not just about Trump calling him a dictator.


The the United States sided with Putin LA a week earlier at the UN and at the, at the un. Like these are supposed to be, it's all like vans and even Rubio. Like you go, look, we'll talk about Rubio more in a minute, but like these guys were all like the end of America's namby pamby soft, emotional foreign policy is over. We're doing hard nosed decisions based on pure rationality. And it's like, if that's the case, a fit of peak in a meeting shouldn't matter. Well, it shouldn't matter at all. It's all, they're, they, they are allowing this to be 100% personality driven. I liked the, I liked David Sanger's piece on this, which is he's basically arguing that the overall goal here is the Trump wants to normalize relations with Russia and Ukraine is standing in the way of that zelensky standing in the way of that.


So with that larger context, any meeting was a, like, it could have gone better in terms of the theatrics of it, but like, it was always gonna be Trump being like, this guy is an impediment to normalization with Russia, which is what I want. And it's like, why did We wanna normalize things Russia so much? It's like a, it's a, it's a broken economy. It's like a wartime economy now. They just make artillery shells that they use to kill Ukrainians. But one sort of under-discussed, bizarre part of Trump's rant. 'cause you know, you also have to think about the original impeachment. And Hu Zelensky was involved, right? 'cause Trump called Zelensky and was trying to held up military to Ukraine in order to get dirt on Joe Biden. But an under-discussed sort part of when Trump gets really mad is he starts ranting about the Mueller investigation.


Yeah. And he says, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me. And then he said, and it, and it came out of Hunter Biden's bathroom. Like, so none of this made, but he was talking about how like he and Vlad endured something terrible together. Like somehow it was bad for Putin to have been perceived by the world as having handpicked the American president, like Their blood brothers. It's, it is actually really, really strange. It's kind of like a Stockholm syndrome. Yes. Like this is the thing that's like usually like, why would the US wanna normalize relations with Russia? And again, this is why, like, this is, none of this makes sense. And like all these sort of pathetic weasels around Trump trying to make it make sense are obviously part of the problem. It's like, no, of course not. It's a fail failing petro state. Well, right. That it's like been depleted.


It's like America is, it's so fucking pathetic that because of Donald Trump as a figure, a singular figure, we're now becoming a vassal state of this tiny, weak country. Because like Donald Trump has these ego-driven, like psychosexual personal issues with this one dictator who on his, in his bones, he knows is so much tougher than him. And by the way, Zelensky too, right? Like part of this resentment is that JD Vance and Donald Trump know that like Zelensky is a stronger and tougher man than they are. And you can just feel the seething kind of like weakness of these two human beings in front of his actual leader. He also, when he gets mad, when Trump gets mad, he just has like conspiracy Tourettes and he just like goes through the, that's where, that's where that came from.


Like where he just went down the road of like Putin Russiagate Hunter laptop, bathroom video. Yeah. He was just, he, he, he doesn't know at that point what's Happening. He always Yeah. Yeah. He always got you the, the, the what's the what do he always call the FBI people that were sleeping together? Struck, Struck, and Yeah. The, the, the Lovers. The lovers, yeah. Almost got to the Lovers Lisa Page and the love. Yeah. Adam, I'm surprised he didn't mention Adam Schiff. And sir, Do you know it was on Hunter's laptop? There's a lot of photos that you probably don't want to see. Yeah, there were a few Incursions on there, but I don't think it had anything to do with what we're talking about. Five more seconds. He would've gone there. He would've gone there.


Pad Save of America is brought to you by Z biotics. Pre-cool Tommy z Biotics the best. I mean, don't drink without it. What more can we say to people on this one? Like, If you haven't tried it and you're over the age of 30, you're just An idiot. And even if you're under 30, you know, if you just want to feel better the day after drinking and not feel like shit Z biotics is for you. The only, like I said, the only challenge is just remembering to take it. Yeah. Running out. Yeah. Z Biotics Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Don't forget your z biotic. Get some now. Tell all your friends this college hoop season. Don't let anything sideline your celebrations. Wow. Okay. Grab pre-Cool. Before you go out and be ready to cheer on your team all day and night long, go to biotics.com/cricket to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked checkout, z biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/cricut and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Let's talk about Secretary of State Lil Marco Rubio for a minute. Who looked not excited to be in that meeting. As a reminder, here's an example of what Rubio used to say on Ukraine and what he's saying now. Look, Putin can't win no matter what. There always has to be a real legitimate Ukrainian state that we have a relationship with. And I don't know why we can't begin to openly say we will support them as long as they're willing to fight, even if it's an insurgency Thought. Thoughts on Rubio. I I, I've noticed this in all of the photos of Rubio in the context of these US Russia talks, like there were a bunch of photos that came outta Saudi Arabia with his like Rubio, Mike Waltz, Steve Woff are all there. And there's like Serge Labro and the Russian delegation. Rubio just has this thousand yard stare in all of them.


And, and it like, I don't want to, you know, put him on the, on the psychiatrist couch. But I do think, like, you can tell he knows this is wrong because I do think it's fair to say, okay, after three years of the Biden policy, we got to a place where it was a permanent stalemate kind of, and a stalemate is not a strategy. So let's not reemphasize diplomacy and try to end the war. But Rubio knows Zelensky is not a dictator and Putin is, he knows who started the war and who didn't. He knows that Zelensky can't hold an election right now because a huge chunk of the country is living under Russian occupation. Another big chunk has been displaced. Another big chunk is that the front lines fighting like what? How, how are they gonna have people vote in free and fair elections in this context?


And so he just looks like a guy who sold out all his beliefs to get the Secretary of state job and now is like living with the consequences. And by the way, has no real power. Well, and that's what he, that's what he looks like in all these pictures. He does sound like he's trying to sell this new Marco Rubio and how he thinks. I think we have a clip of him, what he, what he says. Now, what Specifically do you wanna see President Zelinsky apologize for? Well apologize for turning this thing into the fiasco for him that it became is he found every opportunity to try to Ukraine splain on every issue. Maybe Zelensky doesn't want a piece deal. He says he does, but maybe he doesn't. Ukraine splain It. The Ukraine spl like, again, it's like, it, it's so, it's so emotional, right?


Like, oh, he, he should have been more, he should have shown better manners. This fucking Emily post bullshit. I went back and looked at Rubio's, the, the, the, the Senate confirmation speech that he gave. And he says the post-war global order is not just obsolete, is now a weapon being used against us, right? And like, this is him again, like trying to find a way to make sense of his involvement, right? And like, I do think that like there is a critique of the way in which the Biden administration, like didn't want to lose, but didn't wanna win in a bunch of different ways all around the world. Totally. And by the way, like for decades about like an America that's just slowly watching China grow more and more powerful as we welcome them into the economic order, which are things that he talks about, right?


But like the other side of that is meant to be a stronger us, right? Like a more like a, like a more full-throated, less morally relativistic defense of our values, of our principles, right? Like some kind of a strategy. But, but then you, like, you look at what's happening, it's like we're capitulating to Russia and they're like, well actually it's because, you know, we, we are not gonna worry about what's happening over there. We're gonna worry about what's happening in our own backyard. Okay? But we're also basically threatening Canada with invasion threatening Panama with invasion, throwing tariffs on our neighbors. Like there's no logic to any of this. And Rubio, because he is just the fucking world's biggest weasel, is just trying to figure out what he can say day to day, just to just say, get him into a, I guess, a bed.


So I kind of think that there might be a logic to it. Can I give you my Sure. Like I think that Trump and that look, I don't think this is like he has, Trump has planned out everything and has, has been really thinking deep about this and writing it in his memoirs. You know, I think he, he respects rich, powerful, ruthless leaders. And it seems like it wants to carve up the world with Putin. And she, and maybe you got your Kim Jong-Un's in there, or your bbs anyone with nuclear weapons, right? He knows that if you have nuclear weapons, then you're, you're pretty powerful. And he knows they're bad guys. He knows they treat their people horribly. He doesn't really care about that.


He likes the idea that he can deal with a few, what he views as tough leaders directly. He thinks he's a great negotiator. He doesn't like the idea of the UN and NATO and places where you have all these voices in some countries that he doesn't think should have a seat at the table and equal seat at the table with everyone else because they're weaker than the other countries because that's too democratic and he doesn't like democracy that much. And the idea of him, this is like when he always brags, when like she came to Mar-a-Lago and, you know, and then he gets to one dynam and impress him. And, you know, I'm good with Putin and Kim Jong-un likes me. Like he, I think he loves a world where he can deal with a few tough bad guys.


He's a good negotiator. And he looks at, and and they do all want like client states. He sees like Putin, Putin wants Ukraine, Putin may want Eastern Europe. He sees she wants Taiwan. And he's like, well, I better get some client states of my own. Maybe I'll go after Canada. Maybe I'll go after Panama. Greenland. Like, it feels like that's his, that's his vision of the world. I don't know, maybe I'm crazy. I Was trying to find this Elon Musk tweet and I was scrolling for like 25 minutes. 'cause God, all he does is tweet crazy. He tweeted, Zelensky wants a forever war, a never-ending graft meat grinder. This is evil. Like the way they talk about this guy, these are zelensky people getting killed. The, the Russians tried to murder him repeatedly in the early days of the war. They sent assassination teams. He's AK Kiev to find the guy.


And he survived through bravery, through, you know, really tough fighting by the Ukrainians in those early days. And it's just disgusting the way they talk about him. But to your point, John, I mean like, I I I think there's some truth that look between 50 and 85 million people died in the second World War. So the United States was like, or the world came together and was like, Hey, maybe we should set up some institutions to prevent this from happening again. That's why you have the un that that that was designed to try to maintain global peace that led to the creation of nato, which was to counter Soviet expansion and, you know, unchecked nationalism among some of the member states like Germany and always Gotta keep an eye on Germany. You do. And both institutions have a lot of flaws, and we can talk about those if you want, but there hasn't been a war between a NATO member and Russia since, and no NATO member has been invaded by another country.


So it's been a pretty successful project. And I agree, it does seem like Trump wants to go back to a time where the great powers divide the world up and they bully people and might is right. And I think the problem with that, there's a lot of problems with that logic, but what you are gonna see is more militarism. You are gonna see more nationalism, you're gonna see more development of nuclear weapons as a deterrent because of the US nuclear umbrella is not gonna protect us. Like, hmm, guess it's time to make one of my own. And so it's gangster diplomacy. And you're already seeing Elon Musk tweeting about, he's talked about the spoils of battle when he's talked about Doge cuts. But I do think he's applying that more broadly in like a really kind of, you know, old school in a bad way.


Way. Like I, I, this is how Trump operates domestically. This is how Trump has operated in business his whole life, right? Like it doesn't, you don't have to have some grand theory of international order to just view the world as he does. As like, there's people I think are tough and powerful and there's people I think are weak and why should I give a shit about the weak people? I think what you were describing is like the end result of what happens when someone like Trump is just sort of emotionally instinctively driven towards relationships with Russia and Putin with, with Xi that he like finds that easier and less of less of a headache. But like, where are the iPhone's from? You know, like where are the chips from? Like all of this is like, the idea is like, oh, you're just gonna carve up the world.


There's stuff moving across those lines already, right? Like the amount of chaos. Well, he is gonna be like, yeah, I can, I can deal with she directly. I'll keep the iPhones coming. Yeah, sure. And the the, oh, I realize it's all bullshit. But I, but like, I think he believes it. I I think he hasn't thought it's worse. I think that it's a JD Vance view. I like, I don't think it's just Trump. I actually think he now has in Elon and JD Vance in like, I think he has a movement of people around him and they're all, you know, they look to Orban, they look to hungry and they're like, this is the way I think they look. I think they see, I mean, just take them at their word like the, the UN World Trade Organization. Like these are institutions that have become sclerotic the same way they, and, and they don't see the benefits of, or, or live in the kind of glib luxury of the security instability institutions provide while attacking what are genuine excesses and problems of working within those organizations.


And rather than doing the hard grinding work of reforming them, they wanna burn them down. But we will live in the, in the case, dangerous kind of poor world that results when they're long gone. And Donald Trump doesn't know better, but Marco Rubio knows better because he used to know, he used to say it out loud. Oh, for sure. One, one, even just even simpler explanation is Trump looks at a Russia or China and Zza kleptocracy, and there are people who think that Vladimir Putin's the richest person in the world because basically at one point along the way, he went to all the Russian oligarchs and says, now you give me half or else you're falling out a very high window. And you can Imagine, but is he happy? You can imagine a version of that where, you know, the, the state functions as just another means for Donald Trump to get paid.


And we're already seeing some pieces of that. And again, he think, yeah, I, I completely agree. And in his mind it's like, and I deserve that because I'm the one running everything. And, and I got my other rich friend Putin over here, my other rich friend. She, and they're tough guys too. Look at how tough, how, how many times are you talking about how tough they're, but sometimes the way that I think the left has framed it as, oh, that, that Donald Trump is like a supplicant to these guys, or he's like a sto for them. And like that, I think Putin and she probably think that about Trump, but I think Trump thinks they're his buddies. They're all a bunch of tough guys, you know, standing as straight across the, the globe together. Yeah. The this is why it's like, look, I, I, you know, the US sides with Russia at the un against our ally, and like, how many people in the US actually know about that?


And how many people in the US actually care about that? And by the way, and, and, and notable that, that Orban and Bibi joined too in, in the, in the new club there in the, in that vote. But I do think like some of this is like, you know, I was thinking about this before we recorded. It's like, you know, the, the, the democratic legitimacy of these institutions, right? Like were in the post World War II era came from Americans having a fear of the Soviet Union drilled into them by propaganda, but also the actual threat posed by the Soviet Union that people lived with every day. And then the Cold War ends, and we kind of just continue with these institutions never really making a kind of coherent argument for them why they're important, why we're doing this, why we spend this money, right?


Like I kind of, we we were resting on the kind of goodwill and legitimacy that came from generations before. And now Trump puts these things under attack and in the same way we're told it's a trap to talk about why U-S-A-A-D is a good thing. We're now once again, in the trap of trying to defend this order because it seems like what, what, what Trump and these guys are daring us to do is say, all right, fine. Burn it down. We'll prove you right when everything is terrible. Yeah. We're out in this, out in the streets chanting rules based order. Rules based order. Yeah, I bet no one knows about the un vote. I mean, look, the UN Security Council has been broken for a long time. 'cause the Russians and Chinese veto whatever they want and we veto any criticism Israel and nothing gets done. Right.


It's been that way for a decade. Plus a UN general assembly vote is basically just kind of like a show of hands of what you believe. It's like a global roll call. And boy did we show our hand in a new and scary way to the world. I do wonder if the Zelensky Trump meeting will break through and re I don't know, hit people differently. Yeah. Like I I They did say Slava Ukraine at the Oscars, but for that, is that worth anything? No, nothing. Okay. Bullying a man who's like trying to rescue 19,000 Ukrainian shoulder and who were stolen, kidnapped and taken to Russia. Like, I don't know. That's, that's pretty fucked up. That's Dark stuff. I'm sure MAGA base thought it was awesome. Right? Of course we know that they've, they've been saying that. I agree, Tommy.


Like, I think I, I had some people text me who like are not, you know, political junkies like us and are just like, that was so embarrassing, awful scary. What the fuck is happening? You don't look tough. It's like a three on one fight. And it's not, it's not about sending weapons or spending more money, it's just about like treating a man with decency whose country has been massacred. I mean the, the casualty counts you see from the US estimates are 70,000 Ukrainian soldiers killed a hundred thousand wounded. The Russian casualties are like double that. And so this war has a bit of catastrophe. Like I'm all for trying to end it, but we have to do it on terms that won't lead to a, a ceasefire that just reignites in a couple years when the Russians have had time to reconstitute their forces. And that's what Zelensky is worried about. Yeah, that's right. All right. Turning to all the damage that Trump is doing here in America, the AP reported last week that the Social Security administration is preparing to lay off at least 7,000 people, close multiple field offices and could get rid of up to half its workforce.


Most of the agency's senior leadership is already gone. Martin O'Malley, the former Maryland governor who ran the Social Security Administration under Biden, just told CNBC that with this level of cuts, quote, you're going to see the system collapse in an interruption of benefits within the next 30 to 90 days. People should start saving. Now we also find out what Doge master Elon Musk thinks about the program during his latest Joe Rogan appearance last weekend. Well, I mean, the government's won big permits scheme if you ask me. Yeah, Well you you could tell anybody. I mean, so social security is, is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time. Seems like the task of making the 2026 campaign ads just got easier. It's Also just like, ugh, social security is a Ponzi scheme. It's just like late mid, like mid nineties Republican talking points.


It's like where we're at. Like it's actually a Ponzi scheme. The the trust fund runs out in 2050. The trust fund's always running out. Yeah. Elon sort of like always seems like partly aware of it on board with the Trump policy agenda. Like no one in the White House wants him to call a social security Ponzi scheme because boy does it then go, it's hard to pivot from that to fighting for a $5 trillion tax cut for the richest people in the country, which is their primary objective this year. I imagine they'll do whatever it takes to avoid social security benefit cuts for sure, because they know how unpopular it would be. But I also think they're some combo of idiots and liars all the time. So people do need to be on alert for any story about retirees who couldn't get their benefits on time. Because that's, well, you lay off that many people at the Social Security Administration, which I'm sure wasn't the, the model of efficiency before that.


Yeah, Yeah. You, you, you, you stu those social security checks gets paused. You'll see a geezer insurrection that makes it fucking January 6th look like a PTA meeting. Oh, I Remember, remember remember under the Affordable Care Act, you know, Obama used to say, if you like your plan, you can keep it. Mm. But then some plans were canceled because they didn't hit the mandatory requirements under the new a CA rules. And my wife's mother had a plan that got canceled and I remember having that conversation with her and, you know, she was able to get a new one and it was fine. It was probably overall better, but like, that was not a small thing, that was not a blip in their feelings about the a CA or Rock Obama's standing for a Little while.


Yeah. And, and, and to that point, people aren't gonna, even if they don't cut benefits, like, oh, we, we missed the, we missed all the checks for Wisconsin this month. Right. Oopsie or sorry, everyone in Kansas, you're not getting, or like, like they, you do that for a month. It's mayhem. The Yeah, the, again, it's like, I sound like a broken record, but like, you know, before Social security, the, the poorest people in the country were old people and social security changed that forever. We live in a world that is different because social security lifted millions of people out of grinding poverty. And like you play with that for play with that for a week. And they showed People's ability to feed themselves, to take care of themselves. And they showed their gratitude by voting for Donald Trump.


Yeah. Wow. At least the first time. Well, But like part of what you're making is just a, a basic government competence argument. Yeah. And, and you know, if suddenly a bunch of social security checks don't go out, that like shatters people's confidence in the US government in a way that I think is really hard to recover from it. Like, again, the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare.gov rollout was more than just a website being broken for a while. It just fundamentally undercut people's faith in the administration to roll out and administer their healthcare, which is a very personal thing. And Social security field offices are not the driver of our national debt or deficit. These are tiny, tiny costs that provide basic services. It's all fake, it's all bullshit. We're gonna take a quick break, but one announcement before we do that, the first State of the Union address of Trump's second term?


No, it's technically, technically Address a joint session of Congress, whatever You guys' been President, your nerds. Yeah. Okay. It's tonight at 9:00 PM Eastern Believe things have grammar and stuff. 6:00 PM Pacific. One hour before that at eight Eastern, five Pacific. The three of us and Dan Dan is back here again this week. We make Dan fly down all the time. We'll be live streaming a preview of the speech on the Pod Save America YouTube channel. We'll be talking about what we can expect from Trump and how Democrats should respond. And talking to Democratic members who are there. We'll also be taking questions from friends of the pod subscribers. It's gonna be fun. It's gonna be a great time. Then at nine Eastern six Pacific head over to the friends of the pod Discord for subscriber only live chat where you can process this freak show in real time with people who get it. No deranged Facebook uncles.


I don't know how we can promise that. No screaming into the void, just to space to, to vent fact check, remind each other that reality still matters. Oh Wow. I know that's lot To, that's a lot to promise. I know it's gonna be some jokes about the speech in that. That's why I did not write that. You can tell to ask us questions during the live stream. And for access to the Discord, sign up for friends of the pod now at crooked.com/friends. It's the best way to support Crooked in everything we do.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Lumen. Did you know that when your metabolism is working properly, you'll feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. Lumen is a valuable tool that can give you insights to create a healthy metabolism for your body. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Yeah. It's all the craze here at Crooked. The Lumens. Yeah. People are using it in the morning, at night for workouts, after workouts to kind of do a little AB testing. Get yourself a personalized nutrition plan for the day. It's great because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, and more. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to lumen me slash crooked to get 20% off your lumen. That's LU mn me slash crooked for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


So same weekend Elon called Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Trump announced a safer place to invest our tax dollars. Crypto. He posted that in order to quote, make sure the US is the crypto capital of the world. He's creating a Crypto Strategic Reserve that would stockpile five cryptocurrencies, XRP, Solano, Carano, Bitcoin, and Ethereum. Don't even know what half those things are. Tommy Care to explain what this is all about. So the, the initial tweet said the reserve would include X-R-P-S-O-L and a DA. That's Ripple, Solano, and Carano. And then he quote tweeted himself saying, of course it'll also include Bitcoin and Ethereum and that will matter in a second. So this idea has been on like the top of the crypto Bitcoin maximalist wishlist for a long time.


Because if you own a lot of cryptocurrency early and then the US government pumps a lot of money into it, your Bitcoin is gonna go up in price. The main elected official pushing this idea has been Cynthia Loomis, a senator from Wyoming. I'm sure everyone here at this table is heard of. I'm Very well aware of Cynthia Loomis. She introduced the boosting innovation technology competitiveness through optimized investment nationwide or Bitcoin Nambla Bitcoin. I was trying to, I was trying to follow you as you were saying. I'm like, Ooh, get it, get it, get, okay. Yeah. So you put Out the Bitcoin act, the Nambla Act is Love it. Called it the conference in 2024 where Trump also spoke. Her bill is basically, she frames it as a way to bring down the debt, which makes no sense. But the gist of it is the US government buys a million Bitcoins, which is about 5% of total supply of Bitcoins over a set period of time using existing treasury funds.


They say it'll be paid for by these existing treasury funds. 'cause it's like accounting gimmicks to make it sound like it's cost free, but the money's fungible. So if you're spending US government money on Bitcoin, you're not spending it on something else. So obviously it's not free. Well, it's only, It's only, and also it's only fungible if you consider it like a stable asset like the fucking dollar. Right. But it's not, it's a, it's a, it's a highly, highly, highly, it's like it's buying stock, it's buying stocks. Yeah. So the reason I'm talking about this Loomis bill though, is because there's no details of whatever Trump's plan is beyond these tweets, except that the Loomis plan was just Bitcoin. While Trump's plan included those other cryptocurrencies like Ripple and Carano, which are why a lot of Bitcoin advocates actually don't like what Trump rolled out because those other currencies are like jokes.


Like no one uses Ripple. No one uses card. Solana is like a platform through which you, you make other stuff off it like mean coins. So the idea that like I, if you are a Bitcoin maximalist and you believe that Bitcoin is the new gold, okay, I guess you could argue for diversifying like art holdings of stuff, but like not for this other shit coins that no one ever uses. So the, the only argument for how those other currencies get into the mix here is because special interest lobbying and corruption and surprise, surprise. Trump had dinner with the CEO of Ripple in early January. He's now surrounded by these Silicon Valley guys with a vested financial interest. Like David Sachs, the AI are so crypto's this, he tweets this out.


Crypto prices spiked on Sunday about 10%. Now they're crashing down as we're recording this. And I guess there's like a big White House crypto meeting on Friday. But like, there's a good chance that this tweet was all it was and it was just a chance to pump and dump. Oh my God. If you're previously holding these, these chairs, because a bunch of crypto news sites reported on someone making a 50 times levered bet on Bitcoin and Ethereum on Saturday only to cash it out for a $6.8 million profit on Sunday. So must be nice. What do you think guys? It's clean out Fort Knox full with thumb drives. Well, I Was gonna say, what are we, what are we stockpiling? Well, This is the thing that's so fucking stupid.


This is so, it's not gold. It's not a like what are we, it's not a by the way, like we're gonna run out it. Like Yeah, we have a strategic reserve. We're gonna run Outta the fake, we're gonna run outta the fake money. Yeah. Look, what if the government ran outta crypto? What happens? What happens? Nothing. Nothing happens. We're gonna Stockpile some grass. Yeah. It's It the like, it's so outrageous on its face also. I know it's, I know it's almost quaint now. Something that should probably take an act of fucking Congress. I think it Would require one. Yeah. And Then, and and like the, the, even just the announcing of the specific currencies, again, like if there was an actual serious, like a strategic crypto reserve is the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard of. It's not strategic, it's not a reserve.


It's just a bank account that would be owning that we just put, put us dollars into I guess hoping that. And then some of, one of the other rationales you'll hear is like, well it'll benefit taxpayers because taxpayers would then own a share of, of cryptocurrency as it rises. And like, you know, I like hate to be a small c conservative here. There's a great way for taxpayers to benefit from cryptocurrency if they'd like, they can buy cryptocurrency with their own fucking dollars. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Take the money and treasury that you're gonna put in the, in the reserve and hand out some tax cuts. I don't know. Yeah, No, I don't want sovereign wealth fund. I Don't want any any shit. Crypto. Yeah, yeah. You everybody a gift card. Buy what a crypto your fucking want. There's Also no guarantee that Bitcoin price will rise. Like if it was guaranteed to rise, then like the way markets work is, it would already be priced at that level.


Right. Because that's how guarantees work. I mean it, so none of this makes sense. You could come along and create a new cryptocurrency that, that displaces Bitcoin. All of our holdings go to zero. Also, the, the US government holding a ton of cryptocurrency or, or bitcoin is completely antithetical to like the libertarian anti-government roots of these cryptocurrencies. Yeah. I thought the whole reason we're doing crypto and the blockchain is because we don't trust central governments and banks around the world and we want like, what was that whole thing? Well, and also also, if the US government suddenly has massive holdings of bitcoins, that's stuck because if the US announces that we're selling off our Bitcoins, suddenly the price of bitcoins exactly.


Will fucking plummet some of these currencies that Trump is talking about buying, if the US has any meaningful stake in it, we own a huge share of the global supply of these, of these coins. You know, the, like with these Trump mean coins, right? All these people that put money into it, they can only get that money out if somebody's willing to buy it at that price. Now Trump makes money on the transaction fees. And if you want, you could probably, you know, show your crypto wallet to Trump and say, look, I'm vulner your fucking coins. You know? Yeah. Just to get a great deal out of it. But like, so what this is is like this first it's like so many, there's like so many, it's like a Russian nesting doll of corruption. Trump made this, Trump has these allies who are in the crypto business. He's doing a huge favor for them. Trump himself is making a ton of money off of crypto, right?


And so he wants to have crypto succeed. And on top of all of that, you have this now this, this legitimated scheme where foreign leaders and governments and anybody that wants a government contract can basically put money virtually directly into Donald Trump's pocket. It's untraceable, but you can still show him, you can prove it to him. Do you think after Trump and Elon and, and the Doge boys go to Fort Knox to check out the gold, they'll check out the, it feels like the Doge should kind of check out the crypto reserve if they ever gets off the ground. The The Fort Knox sucks. That's a good place for Dodge. I don't Know where this came from. Well, now I'm starting to understand where it's coming from because basically they're trying to equate having a, holding a, like a reserve of crypto to having a reserve of gold.


And they're trying to make the argument that gold is somehow just as insecure or dangerous or risky asset to hold as these digital mining bucks. Yeah. Don't, don't trust anything. Yeah. Except that which makes us money. Right? To your point, like a, a strategic oil reserve makes sense because you're gonna need to use oil like gold. You could make a similar argument. Find resource. You could make the argument with, with crypto that you can make with gold. Like look in, in a pinch. We can't eat gold. Right? It's only as value. 'cause for thousands of years it is add value. But bitcoin's been around for like 15 years. It could just disappear and no one would know. Yeah. Like I I I, I don't care about the gold of Fort Knox, but I like the, it's not like you have oil because in an emergency, if suddenly oil supplies are cut off right by our adversaries or there's a price or whatever, you need oil to have the economy functions other than strategic helium reserve because it's fun to use at parties.


But like there's lots of, but like you have a reserve of something that you need in an emergency. Right. And it doesn't, crypto is not what you need. Also, long term cryptocurrency will undercut the use of the dollar as the world's reserve currency, which long story short gives us a ton of power and influence. And, and on the corruption part, I mean I had this really smart reporter on named Zeke Fox on the February 26th episode of Posy of the World. And I called him today just to like check back in on this. There's this guy named Justin Sun. Oh yeah. Who is a, yeah, you heard of him? Oh yeah. Chinese crypto entrepreneur. He bought $75 million worth of Trump's World Liberty financial tokens. This is a certain crypto asset where the Trump family gets 75% of the profits from that coin.


So there's a right off the top, he just gets a rip of 75%. The SEC just paused its case against Justin son. They're, they're investigating him for basically fraud. Yeah. The, if you go to, if you go Just woken up one day and decided they didn't have a case. They, if you go to the World Liberty website, it's just Donald Trump on the front. He is, he is called their chief crypto advocate. His sons are ambassadors in other fake roles. They, by the way, the SEC C also paused a lawsuit against Binance. It, it stopped an enforcement action against Coinbase. They are stopping the SEC's crackdown that was led by Gary Gensler under the Biden administration. So basically they are removing any breaks, they're removing any guardrails, any transparency.


They're gonna make this make it basically impossible to detect fraud, to detect corruption. Like that is the plan. That is the plan. Just, you know, they're just bringing more efficiency to government. Oh. Did you see Eric shrunk tweeted by the dip on Tuesday? Yeah. And then this announcement happened Sunday. Hmm. I wonder if he was in a position to know something about the Bitcoin price. Can we talk about Doge please? I'd love to hear about Dosh. They are, they're not batting a thousand these days. The Times has a truly humiliating story about Doge taking credit for saving $53 million, supposedly by ending a Coast Guard contract that lapsed 20 years ago and was only ever worth $144,000. Yeah. Crimea River, Tons of examples like that.


Justin Timberlake song from that around. Yeah. Okay. They go on. There's so a lot of examples like that, they're just all over the place. They're, they're some of them, they're, they're correcting their mistakes, but they keep mistaking millions for billions. They're saying billions when they're actually cutting millions. It's a mess. Yeah. They Claimed to have saved $8 billion on like a DEI program for ice, when in fact it was an $8 million program. Yes. So this is what's happening there. We also got word that Trump fired, one of the last remaining career officials at U-S-A-I-D, Nicholas Henrich, who just wrote a series of memos to sound the alarm that despite Marco Rubio's promise to unfreeze all lifesaving humanitarian assistance, the agency was quote, never actually given the opportunity to implement lifesaving humanitarian assistance, thanks to Doge canceling contracts, blocking payment systems, and just putting a bunch of obstacles in the way of getting the money out the door en, which projected another 166,000 deaths per year from malaria.


Another 200,000 children per year paralyzed with polio. More than 28,000 new cases of deadly diseases like Ebola and Marburg each year. And another million children per year who won't be treated for severe acute malnutrition, which often kills them. So on this last point, I saw the CNN story over the weekend about this, this company in Georgia. What they do is they make this peanut paste and they give this peanut is like full of vitamins and nutrients and they basically give this little packet to a child who's suffering from severe acute malnutrition and they can survive. It's this like miracle thing. U-S-A-I-D has been handing it out for years and years and years.


The company that produces this had like enough to peanut paste for 400,000 kids to save 400,000 kids ready to go right on it. They said like, from the American people, U-S-A-I-D all in these packets ready to go. The United States government had already purchased them $10 million. We already paid for this and was informed by Doge that the contract was canceled. And the guy's like, I have all this peanut paste now that's just gonna go to waste. I can't, I can't send it anywhere 'cause it's got U-S-A-I-D all over it. They told me not to do it and that's it. So now all these kids are not, aren't gonna get the lifesaving nutrition. So I see this thing, I get really annoyed, I tweet about it and I was like, I tweet about Elon doing this with not even saving us money.


Just like not sending this stuff out. We already paid for it. And it's Saturday night. It's Saturday night. Yeah, I did. It was right before I saw you. Oh yeah. On Saturday night. Oh. And I was, I was on the way I tweeted and then, then I got home and I'm in bed and I was like, oh, oh, he responded. My phone wasn't blowing up that night. Yeah. I was home alone. Because you Were home alone. You were home alone. And so Eli responded and he called me Dollar Store, John Favreau and said, I'm an in basilic propagandist who lies to score cheap political points. And then he said that said, I will investigate this. So he is got you dead to rights. Alright. Gonna do it anyway. It, He still, he's still figuring out the comment card thing. He's, He's like, and, and we'll fix it if so and so then the next mor so I decide, you know, it's, it's late at night, had a few drinks.


I'm not gonna reply now. So I just went to bed. Good. It was, that was smart, right. Woke up in the morning, he has replied again and he was like, the contract has been reinstated. It was already reinstated last week. They should get the payment soon. And he is like, and then he lists the company. I'm like, what company is that? It's another peanut pays company in Rhode Island that he had also canceled the contract to it. And so I wrote back to him like, actually that's great. But the, the company was in Georgia. It was in CNN it was this company. And then that's insane. And then later Sunday night, MJ Lee at CNN who broke the original story about the Georgia Company was like, I just got a call from the guy in the Georgia company. And he said it was, the contract was reinstated just minutes ago. So, so, so then Oh my God.


So this morning Elon was like, he said, he replies to me again and he was like, so just so you know, it wasn't 'cause of the Legacy media or or Kmart favs. He upgraded, He upgraded me. Is Kmart better than Dollar Store? Yeah. Yeah. Well I had said that I would at least wanna be target John f Oh I see. When I reply to him. 'cause I thought I would, you know, But now it's like, well there won't I thing with these. I was trying To be Constructive Sounds basically vaguely flirtatious. I didn't tweet this much from a K hole. That's what I wanted. Exactly. And, and he was like, it wasn't that, it was just, we just needed a brief pause and no one has died yet. And what I said in the oval about Ebola protection was Right. That was it. It was, it is turned back on and it just takes a while for the money to go through all the systems and blah, blah, blah.


Meanwhile, as he's tweeting this, I'm looking at this guy from U-S-A-I-D who just left and writing a memo. Like, no, Rubio gave all these waivers to the lifesaving assistance and no, none of them could be implemented. The Yeah, the the the no one has died is like not the defense youth. Like it's the, like, if you're out there being like, I, I wanna reassure everyone, no one has yet died as far as I know. As far as I know. You know, like, first of all, great, first of all great posting by the way. Great. Good shit. Great. Posting my New Year's resolution really coming in. You Know, remember when you and I were take post away? Yeah. Like when he, when he said his resolution was post more and we like scoffed because like why, what's the point paid for itself? I mean, Paid for itself. Good for you. Also, I've been pivoting to TikTok 'cause I'm just trying to reach people where they're at.


Yeah. I'm doing a late, mid forties. And honestly, don't let anyone tell you it's not going great. It's going great. It's going good. A good time. 43 43 is the air vertical video. The, but like I I, I know, I know. I was trying to be nice. Wow. I thought we were in the same generation, but, but the JE are over here. But like, we go back to Elon in the cabinet meeting where he was, where he spoke to the cabinet before anyone else got a chance to speak. And he said, you know, I'm really support, you know, I'm here to support you, but the reason we're doing this is because we are in an emergency and we have to cut. If we want to hit my goal of one point x trillion dollars of cuts, we've gotta cut $4 billion a day.


That's the only way to do it. You gotta cut $4 billion a day and like I do, just all of this is just exposing, like how that is stupid at every level. Right. First of all, actually, that's, you don't have to cut $4 billion a day. You don't have to scramble through the agencies finding little bits to cut every day. If you have a, if you have a goal for a giant budget cut, you wanna make, you can propose it through Congress and you can do it. Well that's, and oh, and by the way, go even one step further. Let's say you don't wanna do it that way. You just said you, you have all these cabinet secretaries. Go to the cabinet secretaries and say, I need this. I need a proposal for this many cuts by this date. And I know it's gonna be hard and I'm gonna be driving you guys every day and I'm gonna be meeting with you, but you tell me what we can cut. But no one fucking adult tech bro cannot oversee these cuts across every layer of our government.


It's gonna lead to kids fucking dying. Well, and this, you know, I had a, a friend ask me reading about all this and he was like, well, but he's like, no, isn't it possible that there is a lot of waste that we can get rid of there and that we also want to send out lifesaving assistance? Like why isn't both right? And I'm like, here's, if they wanted to do that, they could have audited U-S-A-I-D, they could have used their, the authority that they have to trim where they could. And they could have then sent Congress a list which they control, a list of cuts, a list of layoffs that they wanted to do. They could have done all that if the whole thing was about efficiency. I mean, Pete Hef, remember he got to the defense department and was like, I want to cut the workforce by 8% at the department.


So send me ideas for this by whatever. I'm not saying that Pete Hicks has some You love pizza strategic. I always Talking about Kenny Body. I saw that and I was like, well, if you wanna cut your agency, that's one way to do it. Just like put out a goal. What they have done at this is not what they were doing at U-S-A-I-D. Just, what'd you say, 200,000 more kids getting polio. Yeah. I mean, look, the, we eradicated smallpox off the face of the earth with like, the next goal was to eradicate polio. And I think it was only found in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The fact that it's now gonna resurge because of these cuts. Like Jesus Christ. What a, what a hit to humanity o on the USAD money. Generally, I do think like people are gonna die. There're gonna be refugee camps in Sudan where they're gonna run outta food.


Babies are gonna die. There's gonna be people, we've been giving AIDS medicines under the PEPFAR program that'll be gone in months. Now there's gonna be, I personally think that that is cruel and morally wrong and damaging towards standing in the world in the long term as a nation. But let's say your view on this is the United States can't feed every starving person anywhere. Everywhere. And we can't be the world's policemen. Then you say to them, okay, what about programs that help people that we actively harmed as a nation? Right? Early on in this process, we talked about the, the freeze on unfor aid stopping programs that clean up unexploded bombs that the United States dropped on Vietnam and Laos in Cambodia. If we don't clean those up, little kids pick them up, their arms get blown off, they get killed, they're gonna die.


Like there was a, the New York Times recently had a story about a Doge cut that cut off funding to a program that provides like the most mer amount of support to people who are severely disabled because of Agent Orange. Because the United States dropped Agent Orange on their villages during the Vietnam War. And then people who lived there had kids who had these severe disabilities. Now we're cutting off loans to these people. Like that's the reality of what's happening. It's like, you Know what? We are the richest country on earth in the history of the earth. And we are not, Elon Musk is worth $400 billion. Okay? This is not like, Hey, middle class family in Ohio, we're gonna, we gotta raise your taxes to help feed starving people in some other country.


Like we have a billionaires running all over this country and we're talking about 25 cent fucking peanut packets and malaria nets and, and HIV medication, which is now pretty cheap now that we've had it for like, what are we talking about right now? We can't fucking afford this. And by the way, the end result of this is not reducing the deficit by whatever trillion dollar goal Elon has set. They want to take that money, they wanna put a hundred billion of it into a crypto reserve, and they want to take the rest and they wanna divvy it out to Elon Musk and all these people through a gigantic tax cut for the rich. And by the way, all the cuts Elon was making would never, even if he were to hit his goals, which he can't because he's doing this in such a chaotic and terrible way, even if he did, it would be obliterated by the cost of the tax cuts.


Which is why they have to go even further and look to cut Medicaid or look to cut social security or whatever they're gonna do to try to pay for these giant tax cuts. So none of this results in any kind of tangible benefit for actual American citizens. Right? Like, and by the way, none of this was part of, like, this was not the core of their campaign that they, they campaigned to lower the cost of goods. We are getting a dismantling of the federal government.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. I'd like to buy some time from Squarespace. That'd be nice. I'd like that. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. I Think we can doge things we don't like. Oh Yeah. About ourselves. Yeah. Squarespace will help you Doge stuff. Nice. Start a fully custom on-brand website with squarespace's latest AI enhanced website builder Blueprint ai. After a few questions, our interactive design system transforms basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence with curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Upload video content, organize your video library and showcase your content on beautiful video pages. You can even sell access to your video library by adding a paywall to your content. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Trump said late Monday, which is when we're recording this, that a 25% tariff on all Mexican and Canadian goods and an additional 10% tariff on all Chinese goods will go into effect on Tuesday. He backed off these tariffs at the last minute once before. So who knows if he'll do it again. Who knows why he changed his mind. But either way, the stock market had the worst day of the year on Monday and a lot of shit is about to get very expensive. Unless of course you're listening to this Tuesday morning and he backed off last minute again. Right. According to Bloomberg, for example, car prices alone would increase by $12,000 if the tariffs go through at the levels Trump is promising. This comes as the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta's estimate now predicts the economy to shrink by 2.8% this quarter.


And a wave of new polling from CBS Marist, CNN shows that people think that Trump is not doing enough to focus on the economy and inflation, his approval rating keeps dropping, but the weakest spot is economy and inflation, which is ironic 'cause those used to be his strongest issues. It sure seems like a lot of flashing red lights for the Trump administration that they're just ignoring. Do you think they don't know, don't care? Do you think they think it's just temporary? What do you I mean, this is what they wanna do. That's just theory of the case. This is economic vision is you throw up all these tariffs and somehow that will ultimately rebuild domestic manufacturing or our ability to produce goods. But I, it just feels very unlikely. And you know, we're gonna put in place these tariffs on Canada and Mexico and they're, they're gonna retaliate like the Canadians have talked about 25% tariffs on $30 billion worth of goods of US products.


And then that might expand to 85 billion more. And they're talking about ag products, consumer goods, liquor. I think they're targeting Republican districts, so like bourbon appliances and, and Mexico has not been public about their retaliations, but they're preparing them. And so you made the point like the auto sectors are so entwined between the US and Canada and Mexico, and I don't know how that's gonna work. Mexico and Canada account for 70% of US crude oil imports. So gas prices could go up. And also we're talking about trade agreements that like Jared Kushner negotiated, the U-S-M-C-A was the updated NAFTA that Trump, like it was one of the things Trump talked about as a primary accomplishment in the first term.


Yeah. And there was a, when he was first talking about the tariff a couple weeks ago, he got, he said, I look at these deals and I'm like, who negotiated these deals? You did? Yes. These are your deals. These are your deals. He wants to squeeze our allies, he wants to squeeze them and, and get a better deal out of 'em and just keep squeezing 'em and squeezing 'em until they become the 51st, 52nd, 53rd, 54th state. I really think that that's, this is part of it. The I I I'm sure that's right. Yeah. I I I was, He wants an economic war against Canada to, to to just beat them into submission. And he's stupid because, like you said, it's, it's gonna hurt us and it's Well, So, so far it's backfiring. I mean his, his os sensible political allies are the conservative parties up there. This guy Pierre Pev, and he still might be the next Canadian prime minister, but Justin Trudeau's polling was like rock bottom.


He stepped back, they did this thing where they, it's called pro ro gang parliament, where basically the, the liberal party's now gonna figure out it's new leader and that person will then become the prime minister when they go back into session in like a couple weeks. And the liberal party's polling numbers 'cause of Trump's attacks have gone way back up. Yeah. Like they're, he's rallying support and you're seeing Canadians booing the national anthem and all this sort of the Canadian nationalism and it's just, it's it's not working. No, he might, he might be, you know, Trump might lead to a resurgence of the center left all over the world. Except, except here. I guess that'd be cool. Yeah. Well Here we, we've already been sort of beaten to a bloody pulp, but the the, yeah, like the, I was thinking about just sort of Trump as this negotiator, right? And like, it's kind of an old saw at this point that he'd be richer today if he had just taken his inheritance and put in the s and p Right.


Because he's just not a very good businessman. And like you kind of see in how he's president, why he was such a bad businessman, which is he just, he can't think long term. Yeah. He can't think strategically. And so like, it's very short term. You know, you look at like, like tariffs and you say, all right, your goal was to build up domestic manufacturing and you want tariffs to, or one lever, you know, in doing that, right. Well, some of the things you're taring right? It would take a decade to build a steel plant, right? Take a decade to improve our capacity in, in whatever it might be, refining oil, whatever. Like putting on the tariff doesn't result in that at all. We're actually completely dependent on, on Canada and Mexico for a lot of parts. A lot of supplies. A lot of materials, right. And so like all of this is, so it's just not, it's a strategic, it's just a guy who had an idea about what makes an okay, you put on the tariffs, the manufacturing comes back and maybe there's some deep, some like very raw sense in which that's on some level true.


But in the meantime there's just a decade of pain Yeah. Of economic stagnation. And then the question is, if that does come right, like, you know, we're gonna talk about the Democrats and I believe that's how you pronounce it, but it like we, we, like what happens when we move from things could get really bad to, things are really bad, right? Like how does that change Trump? And then how does that change how the American people feel about our Response? Well, Democrats are continuing to workshop their response strategy in public as we like to do. Great. One spicy take on this came last week from the raging Cajun himself, James Carville, who wrote in a New York Times op-ed quote, with no clear leader to voice our opposition and no control in any branch of government.


It's time for Democrats to embark on the most daring political maneuver in the history of our party, roll over and play dead. Allow the Republicans to crumble beneath their own weight and make the American people miss us. Unsurprisingly, actual elected Democrats have thoughts on this. Here's Bernie Sanders on Meet the Press this Sunday. The Problem is the Democrats have been playing dead for too many years. I don't think you play dead. I think you stand up for the working class of this country and make the point 13 of the people that he nominated the head agencies are billionaires. The greed is uncontrollable. We've gotta fight back. That's what these trips to Wisconsin and Michigan will be about. Just right down the middle for Bernie sand.


Yeah. Just, yeah. She, she's sort of like, oh. Oh, What a question. You kidding? Should Democrats fight or give up? Bernie, what do you think your, take Some, some, What do you guys think about Carville's prescription? So first of all, so when I was reading it, I sort of like asked myself a question before I got to the answer. And the question was, does a strategic retreat mean we help them fund the government? Or does strategic retreat mean we don't help them fund the government? That's a good question. Right. And like, so, and then you kind of get to it, he says like, actually we should hang back for a while. It's not totally clear, but like kind of come in at the last minute when they've already shown themselves to be terrible and failures and chaotic and then come in at the last second and, and say what we stand for and help reopen the government, for example.


And sort of we gets at I think the problem here, which is I think when you talk about like, should the Democrats fight or should they retreat in an abstraction? Like, I don't really know how you like act on this, right? Like, he's doing terrible things. Should Chris Murphy not go to the floor and talk about them? Should he walk, cry like this? Yeah. Like, should we, like, like I have no, I have no comment on the dismantling of NATO today. Like, that's just not how it works. Don't tape your mouth. So I, I don't, I Don't think that's what James meant. No, Of course not. And so like what I took it to mean is like kind of sensationalistic way of saying Democrats have to be strategic, but like all in all where I land after reading it is like I don't, I don't know what we get by hanging back. It's not like we get credits later when we speak more forcefully for the times we were quiet earlier on. Yeah. I just think like Trump is the most relentless messenger in the history of politics.


And I think we can't let him talk in a vacuum or else like he's gonna pin every failure on Democrats and some not insignificant part of, of the electorate will think that egg prices are high because of Gaza protestors at Barnard. You know what I mean? And so, and that's not true. And that as far as I know, that is not true. Yeah. It's The Jews And I do think still Just the Jews. I think you're right. Love it. Like you, it's smarter to talk about these fights around a specific thing like the budget. But I do think we have an opportunity there to drive a message that's really strong, which is that Donald Trump is allowing this unelected, unwell billionaire to break the US government so that you could pretend it's gonna save enough money to pay for a $5 trillion tax cut for the richest people in the country.


And I think that's a good story. We have a good villain in, in Elon Musk and, but we're not gonna win this fight with like op-eds and, you know, M-S-N-B-C. It's gonna be a volume game on social disagree social media platforms and local press. But I do think like part of this, Like has been seeing us on Chris Hayes lately, I guess, And the points we're making there, but like I do think we have to have, like, we have to have a motivation. We have to have a story with an enemy and we have to have an alternative. Yes. You know what I mean? That's what yeah. And let's get to that, The alter, there is a long tradition in politics and I think this is, both parties do this, which is like, when you know your opposition is fucking up, you just stand back and if you put out an alternative then the opposition, you know, then the other party's just gonna start taking shots at your alternative.


And then people aren't gonna like your alternative and blah blah blah. And why don't, why don't you just stand back? And I, I get the reasoning behind that. But I also think that we are at a moment now where people are so cynical about politics, tired, beat down and unimpressed with the Democratic party to say it nicely. Like we have, the party has one of the worst approval ratings it's had ever. And I think it is, it is incumbent upon Democrats right now more than ever to like offer a vision, offer an alternative, say what we would do differently. I don't think we need to like, you know, have a a a blizzard of policy plans out there at all. But I think we need to, as we critique Trump, like lay out how we would govern differently.


How we treat people differently, what our vision of the country looks like, what our vision of the world looks like. Like, I don't know. I mean, look, we've tried, well we're not Trump and we're not maga a couple times now. It didn't work in 2016. It barely worked in 2020. It didn't work in 2024. It might work in 2026 'cause it's a midterm electorate. But like, we gotta think about 2028 here. And we also gotta think about just expanding the map in general because we're never gonna win the, like going the way we are. We're not gonna control the senate with the states. We have the electoral college could shift and we're gonna need to like, pick up more states and like, we're just gonna have to compete in tough places, which means you're going to have to give people an alternative. Yeah. I mean Trump, like before the election, Trump went to New York and said, I'm gonna win New York.


And obviously that was ridiculous, but you had a Republican politician saying, I can foresee a day where we win in this state. Right? And like, it's similar honestly to like the kind of managed decline globally. It's like there's sort of like a managed decline to the democratic brand. Like, oh, we just, we we can't win in a state like Wyoming. We can't win in a state like Nebraska, even though in those states, minimum wage bills, union bills, marijuana bills, abortion bills they pass. Right? And so that tells you that there's this big delta between what people actually want in their lives and the democratic brand. And and we won't make that brand better. We won't fix it by being silent. Now I what I what I do think is also true is we won't fix it by just being kind of like whiners on the sidelines.


And I think that's the point he makes that Doug did resonate with me, which is like, Democrats are powerless. It sucks. We're telling the truth about Trump. He's fucking terrible. But we've been saying it four years. And by the way, the, the, the part of the problem is we were warning for years about how bad it could get. It is now as bad as it could get and it's no longer a warning. But it sounds like what people have heard before that is not our fault. That is a collective problem with our democracy. A weakness Donald Trump exposes. But it is the reality of like, and which is why I think where you, where you get to is like, we just need to offer an alternative. We need to, we need to offer something that isn't about Trump. And like, I am even open to some of the more kind of like kooky ideas of like, of, of people saying, this is what our cabinet would be doing right now. Right? Like, I'm like open to You want a shadow cabinet, I'm not against it.


Look at you, you I'm British against it. I'm not against the shadow cabinet. Join the Labor party or spelling it with an ou I'm I'm up for tr Yeah, sure, sure, sure. We, I do like it is, I agree that we shouldn't over promise and pick fights that give people the impression that we have power we don't have. Right. Because that is, that is a, that is a problem too, is you're like, we're gonna fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, and we're gonna stop 'em, we're gonna stop 'em. And then it's like, obviously we knew we couldn't stop them because we don't have the votes for X or Y. Right? Like, so I agree that's, it's important not to over promise, but I still think like you need to fight when you can and just be honest about what power we have and what power we don't, the Trump people are gonna break some parts of the government and people are gonna get hurt and they have to understand why that happened. Yes. So we've talked about the Doge stuff, but there's another thing that's gonna happen.


So in 2020, Congress passed a bunch of tax credits to make Affordable Care Act plans more affordable. Mm. Those were extended through 2025. Those are gonna expire. And if they are not reauthorized, you're gonna see a bunch of middle class people see like serious premium increases. We need to explain to them as Democrats why their premiums are going up other, otherwise it might just happen in a vacuum and people are gonna think, oh actually government healthcare sucks. It's Trump. Trump was say, Obamacare sucks. Yeah. Or the Obamacare sucks. No, we have to explain that because the Democrats in Congress passed these enhanced tax credits for the Affordable Care Act. We need a better name from them by the way. And Democrat and the Republican party That's essentially expanded premium support.


Tommy. Thank you. That's even worse. And Republicans let them lapse. Yeah. No, I mean, look, the, I do think that the, the budget fight is the fight to do this. For sure, for sure. And I get, but I also, I'm already like, I just, we're heading into the budget fight and I'm already feeling like the most popular testing message. It's just coming right back up and everyone's just gonna be like tax cuts for billionaires to cut your healthcare and it's the right message. But I think we have to be creative in the way we talk about it. Like we just can't sound like we have sounded like the last 20 years. So it is the right argument. It's the, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. When I say the right message that doesn't necessarily mean the right words, you Know? I know, I know. It's hard. It's so hard. Don't, Can't you feel It already? I know it's, well, it's hard, right?


'cause it's like, part of it is like you need to be doing two things, right? You actually do need to use the messages that resonate with people because we're in a short term fight and you're trying to make the argument that resonates with people. But at the same time, we're trying to make up for what is like ultimately like a huge credibility gap. Like we warn the country for several elections in a row about how dangerous Donald Trump was. It was very, very clear. People did not, not enough people believed us. Not enough people cared. Either we didn't reach them or if we did, they didn't, they didn't take it at face value. And so that like requires like a deeper, you start telling a, a, a deeper story about what you believe about the world and it's gonna challenge people's assumptions. It's not gonna be exactly what they expect to hear from you. Yeah. Or I mean, Tommy, you made this joke many times, which is like Democrats have been using the line, we're gonna stop tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas and we're gonna give those tax breaks to companies who create jobs in America for 20 years.


And so like is that one of the best polling testing lines? Yeah, I bet it is. And I bet when you ask people about it, they'd be like, yeah, I really like that. Like it's not just polls people, people, but then we, if You play by the rules, If you say it for 20 years and it doesn't happen Yeah. And you just keep saying the same line, it's not gonna land. Well One thing that I think insulates Trump from a lot of criticism is people think, well, he's rich. He's not trying to make more money because somehow people have gotten it in their heads that billionaires don't always want more money. And that's how you become a billionaire. I think we need to undercut that by exposing the reality. For example, the Washington Post reported that Elon Musk and his businesses have received at least $38 billion in government contracts, loans, subsidies, and tax credits. We need to lift that up as he's slashing things through a doge or advocating for a $4.5 trillion tax cut for the richest people in the world like that.


That's the kind of stuff I think where there's an enemy and it's newsworthy and it's new and it's interesting. I think we can sell that Everything the tech oligarchs have done in the last 10 years does not suggest that they do not care about their wealth. Well there's a, yeah, these people cannot get enough and it's fucking sick. But like, I don't, I dunno, this is where I kind of come back. Like I, I see what Carville's getting at, right? Because like what he's saying is like, we kind of need to step back from the daily grind That's true. To figure out what we, what we mean and what we stand for. And I guess the, like where I land is like, there's a lot of different Democrats that need to do a lot of different things. We need the people out there fighting every single day. Like the days of like, everybody driving towards one single message are probably over, there's like maybe a core message we're driving, but there's like a bunch of different access points to it.


And some people like Jasmine Crockett are gonna be better at just sort of like going for the fucking jugular. And some people are gonna be a bit more academic like a Pete Buttigieg, but also in a really effective way. Like there's just like, there's just gonna be a bunch of different ways to talk about this. And Then you've got your Gen Xers pivoting to vertical video and TikTok, Right? You have Like, I reject that And I think you're doing a great job. You're the doge of this podcast with all your fucking falsehoods in this episode. Yeah. But yeah, no, but like, I think like we have to remember it's a party. A a a list is not a message, right? We have to tell a story. It's gotta be, there is like a lot of work we have to do as a party. Like there is a bit of a reboot of like who we like you say, who is Trump? What is he? People are like, I don't know, he wants to make America great again.


Sounds stupid. We used to make fun of it, but like, boy is that simple and effective. We don't need a slogan, but we need people to think like, Democrats are like, they believe this, they stand for that, they fight for this. Like we need to re reset That stronger at home, more respected in the world and opportunity for all in bottom up, middle out middle Class strength plus experience equals change. Change The, the like middle out, bottom up. This is Like, like, like this is mega mega mega mega, mega mega W stands for wrong John. But the, that's a old deep cut. But like, this is like Bill Maher left. So we didn't really get into it, but it's like everybody in the, like when when you make the argument about was it as Sexually charged as it Felt? I mean, I came, but like you made like sexy, don't push me. Don't push me. You came, he left.


Yeah. You don't think 60 90 exists. What are we doing right now, bill? But, but Like little treat for all of you who stayed through an hour 20, We're having a great time podcast, we're Having a great time. The point, the dogs out the beginning Us, but the the like this idea that like, ugh, you know, once you've made the argument and, and they don't wanna push back in the argument. It's like, oh, you're gonna cost Democrats elections for 20 years with this protran stuff. And it's like Donald Trump put a pro-choice environmental lawyer at the head of the Department of Health and Human Services because he had built up so much trust and credibility with his base and he has so much power within his party that he had the space to operate, to challenge, to, to challenge orthodoxies in a bunch of different ways, both before he became president and after.


And like as a democratic party to Tommy's point, like we need to have a core set of beliefs of values that are so clear. So that makes so much sense to people that you then have the space to kind of like take to, to challenge people on an issue. They may not be agree with you yet. Right. To actually lead, I'm just, I'm laughing because I thought about like on the democratic side and I was like, Kamala Harris did three events one day with Liz Cheney and we're still hearing about how it was, that's what caused the end of the election. But I actually, honestly, I know She didn't even say like, you think she was like barnstorming with Liz Chaney and like promising her a cabinet seat? Yeah. Like she's, We're we're gonna Yeah, we're, it's honestly, it's, it's more like what if Kamala Harris said, I'm gonna make Mike Pence my Secretary of Health and Human Services.


Could you imagine? But like, why is that so inconceivable? It's because honestly Kamala Harris, the most work she had to do was not just prove, she had to prove to every single group of people what she believed in. Right. She had no, she had no trust with the left. She had no trust with the center. She was starting from fucking scratch. Well, On the other side of it too, just to prove I'm not a list, just a list. Cheney fan, you know, a OC one of the best messages in the party and we couldn't even get her a, we couldn't even get her a, a ranking member slot. The oversight. Well, When you have a talent like Connolly, when you have a, a once in a generation communicator like Connolly just waiting in the wings, I Do think that there's a lesson from the RFK thing where, look, he's a terrible person. I would not want him part of the Democratic coalition. And I don't think it was a great Op-ed on measles though.


I don't think it was a mistake for Kamala Harris not to like cut a deal with him or whatever. Remember that was kind of a narrative. Yeah. Yeah. But Republicans, they will let anyone into the tent including him, and they saw Donald Trump correctly, saw that RFK over through decades of misleading and you know, sort of being emotionally manipulative to people who had been, had children with disabilities, et cetera, had built this constituency and built trust with a community that was like, pretty significant. And they saw the value of this kind of like wellness to anti-vax, to maga to Maha Pipeline. And they were willing to go for it. And I just, I don't know. Yeah. Like it's not a good example. It's not something I'd like to emulate, but that openness, willingness to bring people into the 10 is something, it Sounds like what you're saying is we need a, like a Joe Rogan of the Left of the right.


We need a 69. All Right, we're gonna end this thing now. Thank you. That's our cha for today. Reminder that we're gonna be live streaming our preview of Trump's address to the joint session tonight at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific. We'll have a bonus reaction show in your feed tomorrow morning. Talk to y'all then. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohen, Hailey Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, keel Aviv, and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit i uud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.