
Today's episode is brought to you by Conclave, a gripping thriller from Academy Award-winning director Edward Berger, starring Ray Fine, Stanley Tucci, John Liko, and Isabella Rossini Conclave is only in theaters. October 25th, the Pope is dead. The throne is vacant. Conclave is an unprecedented in illuminating glimpse into the inner workings of the Catholic church as it follows, one of the world's most secretive and ancient events. Selecting the new Pope Conclave is only in theater's October 25th. Visit conclave the film.com to get tickets now. Today's presenting sponsor is simply Save Home Security. October is National Crime Prevention Month, which makes it the ideal time to reassess your home. Security simply saves new active guard outdoor protection, revolutionizes home security by not just reacting to emergencies once they've begun, but by empowering live agents to actively prevent them, offering unparalleled peace of mind whether you're at home or away.


I love SimpliSafe. We're Huge fans of SimpliSafe I set up a SimpliSafe system. It's really easy to set up right out the box. You can customize it for your home. Incredibly reliable, really great peace of mind. The app is great. highly Recommend it. Old school home Security systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. That's not great. Simply if Home security's changing that with its new active guard, outdoor protection with Active Guard simply saves 24 7 monitoring agents. Keep a close watch over your property and stop crimes before they happen. Pre-crime, if you will, pre-crime, While other systems only react after break. In. SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and pro proactive protection both outside and inside your home. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera.


When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Donald Trump says that January 6th was a quote Day of Love and tells Latino voters that the jury still out on whether immigrants are eating pets in Springfield.


Fuck JD Vance finally gives an answer on whether Trump lost in 2020. We won't spoil it for you. And our good friend Ben Wickler, chairman of the Wisconsin Democratic Party stops by to talk about how things are going in the Badger state and how you can help there and everywhere. We need to win But first. Kamala Harris went on Fox News and lived to tell the tale the vice president sat down with Brett Baier for an interview Wednesday night that just about everyone figured would be contentious and boy did it deliver. Here's some of what just over 7 million viewers saw Wednesday night. Brett, Let's just get to the point. Okay. The point is that we have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired.


So your Homeland Security secretary said that 85% of apprehension, I'm Not, I'm not Finished. And lemme just finish. I'll get to the question I promise you I Was beginning to answer. And when, when you came into office, The first bill, practically within hours of taking the oath, was a bill to fix our immigration system. Yes, ma'am. It was called the US Citizen Citizenship Act of 2000. Exactly 21. It was essentially a And so, But I pathway to citizenship please for the Please Finish. Yes, ma'am. May I finish, may I finish responding please? But here, but this, but you have to let me finish Please. You had the White House and the House and the Senate and they didn't bring up The bill. I'm the responding to the point you're raising. Okay. And I'd like to finish. Yes ma'am. Brad, I, I'm sorry. And with all due respect, that clip was not what he has been saying about the enemy within that he has repeated when he's speaking about the American people.


That's not what you just showed. Well, he was asked about that specific clip. No, that's not what you just showed in all m and respect you. You, I'm not, that was the question that we asked it. You didn't show that. And here's the bottom line. He has repeated it many times and you and I both know that, and you and I both know that he has talked about turning the American military on the American people. He has talked about going after people who are engaged in peaceful protest. He has talked about locking people up because they disagree with him. This is a democracy and in, in a democracy, the president of the United States, in the United States of America should be willing to be able to handle criticism without saying he'd lock people up for doing it.


And this is what is at stake. Hell yes. I fucking love it. I want, I wanna go grab my ballot and just drop it off right now. You can. You literally can do that right Now. I, I can't find it. That's the whole thing. Oh, Christ. Emily got hers. I don't know where mine is. Anyway, what did you think? What did you think of the whole interview? I loved it. It was, I have to say there was a bit of You, you a, a big proponent of, of Democrats going on Fox News, you Know. Well, there is a, like a little ptsd, TSD for me here, because back in 2010, I pushed very hard for Barack Obama to do an interview with Brett Bair when we were trying to pass the Affordable Care Act, because we had all these members in Republican districts.


We were trying to get to the support Obamacare. And we did that interview. Brett Bear interrupted Barack Obama, very similar to this, 16 times in 20 minutes. And I would say the walk from the East Wing where the interview was conducted back to the West Wing was one of the longer walks of my life. Was he really mad at you? No, he was more just, he, I'd say he was disappointed was the word I would, he just said, well, that was fun. And then we just walked in silence for a long time. I don't remember that interview. But was he as firm and still polite as Kamala Harris was like, I thought she really, she could, could have.


She was great. She handled that. She could have gone back harder. She, she was like, she was tough, but she didn't go to, it was perfect. I thought. I thought her tone was perfect. She was, she was great. She called out the bullshit, which I think is one thing you have to do when you go on Fox News as a Democrat. Is she, this is what Pete Buttigieg is great at Gavin Newsom is great at is you call out the game and when Brett Bear just fucking leading with his large chin just playing the wrong clip to, to clean up Donald Trump's mess, like the, like the lackey that he is, made it very easier for him to do that. We should say, for, for people at home. What happened was they were talking about Trump's comments where he talked about the enemy within which he said on a Fox News programs Yes.


To Maria brought Romo on Sunday and Bear didn't play that clip of Trump talking to Maria Bar Romo, but played the clip of Trump responding to that clip when he was asked a question about it at another Fox News Town hall and gave a bullshit reply that really was just a bunch of lies and craziness from Trump. And so just never played the actual clip because Fox had probably been trying to hide the actual clip from their audience ever since they originally aired it when Trump was talking to Maria Bar Romo. Yeah, absolutely. Just mask, mask off moment as that, as someone wrote today. So overall, you think it was worth doing Fox News net positive, net neutral, net negative?


I don't, I think we both know, not net negative, but what do you think? Strong net positive and like as you said, I generally counsel Democrats to not go on Fox News Like, like you did to me. Yeah. Like I did to you. And look, you worked, worked great for you. You have a new best friend in Jesse Waters. And, but this was one of those times where it made sense and here's why it was worth it. 7.1 million people watch this interview that is more than three times Brett Bar's normal audience. Do you know what the number one market in the country was in terms of watching that interview? Ooh, what Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, my friend. Yeah. Love that. And it's, it's clear David Plus said this to me on Pod, Save America over the weekend, but one of their targets is Republican leaning Independent and Soft Republicans.


That's a, it's a group she has made progress with. She's up to 9% of Republicans in the latest time s poll. And this is a great way to ratio his voters. Like it. The best media moments are ones where the candidate performs well, the platform is chosen because it speaks directly to a voter target and you do so well that the clips will go viral on TikTok and Instagram and will reach voters who did not actually tune it on all three marks. She hit those here. Yeah. And I just, it got outsized media coverage because it was like, you know, Kamala Harris goes into the Lions down. Ian Sams, who's who we know, who's a Harris campaign spokesman, told Brian Stelter on his podcast that they did the interview for two reasons. One, because they believe a considerable number of undecided voters watch Fox and Two to knock down the lies they tell on Fox.


Do you think that's right? Yeah. I think the mo the more important and larger reason was the meta message of she is strong enough and tough enough to go into a network that is actively working to elect opponent, take the tough questions. And Donald Trump is too scared to do an interview with anyone serious. Like that's the, that's what's ultimately you're trying to achieve. You're larger than who the individual people were who watched the specific interview in that moment. I, I checked out the latest New York Times Sienna poll, the national one where she's up three. And I looked at the media consumption question at the very end, and 10% of voters who aren't yet supporting Trump or Harris get their news from Fox, which was like the third high 15% said social media, 10% said local news, 10% said Fox.


And then every other news source was in the low single digits. So it is, you know, it, it's, there is some, I don't know how many, but there is some people watching Fox and also Fox is on, especially if you get outta Blue Cities, Fox is on, it's like the, the network that's on like a doctor's office or a store or an air, you know? And so there's some people who aren't like Fox fans, but they just like have Fox on and they're not all MAGA people, right? Like most of them are, but not all of them. It's the background music in a lot of communities, right? Like if you go to get your oil changed, it's what's on there at the doctor's office. Now, the thing that's always hard, and one of the reasons why I often counsel Democrats that to go on is that you can handle your individual interview great.


But Fox will take whatever the worst clips are and then they'll play those all day long. But that, But you know what, they'll do that if they didn't have a clip from Fox to do that with, they do that about her on any other issue, right? And she reached 7 million people doing it. Right? Normally if you, if you're just a normal Democrat, you do it. You just get the specific audience of that show midday and then they can beat you up with it. Here she obviously brought in a whole bunch of people, and the people who tuned in are people who are a, willing to turn on Fox and B, interested enough to hear what she has to say. So those are potential voters for her Other thing too is she at one point in that exchange about enemy from within, she talks about how General Mark Millie, who Donald Trump handpicked to be his chairman of the Joint Chiefs and how he told Bob Woodward that Donald Trump is fascist to the core.


And she brought that up and, and then, you know, Brett was like, oh yeah, yeah, he did tell that to Bob Woodward. And that was apparently, according to the Bulwark, only the third time Fox told its audience that Mark Millie called Donald Trump fascist to its core as the third time that happened. One was from Kamala Harris, one was from just Tarlo on, on the five and one was, I forget when else it happened, but that was it. Three times since it's happened, it's been like a couple weeks Just real or a week How We fair and balance journalists over there at Fox News. But that is another reason why you go on there, is that you expose Fox viewers to facts that they have not heard.


Not just like correcting lies, but just things that they've never heard. I thought the interview was also an opportunity for Kamala to answer some of the trickier questions she either hasn't answered or hasn't answered. Well, she was asked about the Trump campaign's accusations, which they have put $20 million of ads behind that she supported gender affirming care for undocumented immigrants who are incarcerated. She pointed out that it is the law, these are court decisions that have required this in prisons. And so it's not like just some policy she's been pushing. And she pointed out this was reported in the New York Times this week that that kind of care was also offered under the woke administration of Donald Trump.


So I thought that was she, she handled that. And then she was asked the question about, about Biden that tripped her up on the view. Let's listen. It's interesting you said, turn the page, Madam Vice President, you were asked on two different shows last week, what, if anything, you would do differently than President Biden. Yeah. Here's what you said. You're not Joe Biden. You're not Donald Trump. But, but nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. Let, let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. And like every new president that comes to office, I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, and fresh in new ideas. I represent a new generation of leadership. I, for example, am someone who has not spent the majority of my career in Washington dc.


I invite ideas, whether it be from the Republicans who are supporting me, who are, were just on stage with me minutes ago, and the business sector and others who can contribute. How do you think she handled it this time? I would say much better. Much better. I mean, yeah, her answer is interesting because she obviously improves upon the nothing comes to mind answer, which is now starring in a pretty brutal ad that the Trump campaign is pouring money in, in the battleground states. I sent it to earlier. I hope you didn't click. No, I I just saw Tommy respond. Boy, that's brutal. And I decided I was not gonna click. Yeah. I honestly debated whether to send that to you or not.


You can just let you, because we don't live in about state. You can just live in blissful ignorance for the next three weeks without knowing that was up there. I'd Rather so she, she answered it much better. And the other thing I thought was interesting about the answer is she spoke to two groups of people, right? And there, there is two interrelated groups, but one are people who are dissatisfied with the present conditions of America under Joe Biden, as unfair as that may be to all the many great things Joe Biden has accomplished. There's a lot of people who think that he has low approval ratings and you have wrong track numbers that are, you know, above 60. But she also by simply saying, my president is not a continuation of Joe Biden, but then she pivots and says, but I have not spent my career in Washington.


And that is speaking to the people who are mad about politics generally, that she is an outsider, right? In general, outsider candidates do quite well. And she can't be a true outsider 'cause she is literally the city vice president of the United States. But she does have a unique biography and a unique background, and the person, person she's running against is not necessarily an outsider because he was the former president of the United States. And so I thought just that pivot to I didn't spend my career in Washington was notable and interesting. If she gets it again, like I think there's a way for her to do this, that is, it does, it's not even that critical of Joe Biden, right? It's just like, you know, Joe Biden had to, when Joe Biden and I took office, had to deal with an economic crisis caused by the pandemic, and he did that, pulled the economy out of recession.


But now our problem, it's a new time, new problem, costs are too high. So I'm gonna build 3 million affordable homes and I'm gonna crack down on price gouging and I'm gonna expand Medicare to cover home care. Right. Whatever her economic plan is. So she can, and, and I actually saw that blueprint polling tested these and some of the answers that tested the best on separating yourself from Biden. It's not really saying like, oh, Joe Biden did this wrong and I'm gonna do this. It's just like, you know what new person, new time, new challenges, and here's what I'm gonna focus on now. Right? Like Joe Biden's thing was, get us out of the pandemic, get the economy back on track. And my thing is now costs are too high. And so I'm gonna bring them down. Like I just, I think, I think a little granularity on ideas and policies that she's gonna pursue in connection to that answer is gonna be helpful.


Yeah. It's just, it is just, you have to think about as an opportunity, you make the initial statement that my presidency will not be continuation of Joe Biden's, and then it's just an opportunity to restate your popular policy agenda. Yeah. 'cause there, I don't, I think you have to be careful not to play the press this game here, which they also read that and were like, well, he didn't, she didn't really distinguish herself, what would you do differently? What did he do wrong? And I just think there's too much drama that comes with that, and it's too much of an inside baseball for the actual voters. Well, she's also, I mean, it just, it, there's an, there's a an honesty issue there too, which is like, she was there, right? So you, you can't, the next que if she says like, oh, Joe Biden made this decision and I wouldn't have made it. Then you'd be like, well, what did you tell him at the time that it was wrong? Yeah. It's just, it opens up a Can of worms.


You can't, you can't go down that. Yeah. So before she sat down with Brit Bear, Harris appeared in Washington Crossing Pennsylvania, where George Washington famously crossed the Delaware Dan, and she was there with more than a hundred Republican lawmakers and government officials who she said, put country first by endorsing her, including former house members, Adam Kininger and Barbara Comstock. What do you think of how she's using Republicans to make the case? And do you think that is gonna be effective in reaching some of those voters? We were talking about who maybe tuned into the, the Brett Baier interview, who might be, you know, right-leaning independents or Republicans who are done with Trump. Like we live in such highly polarized times that if you are, so, if you're a Republican, you identify as a Republican, that's probably been your party identity most of your adult life, if not your entire life.


You voted for MIT Romney, you voted for, you know, maybe you voted for some bushes, you voted for, maybe you voted for Donald Trump once. And crossing that Rubicon to break with how you see yourself. 'cause most people's in highly polarized times, times people's political identity is their primary identity. That's how they see themselves. That's how they sort themselves with their friends. And so to break from that and to do something that runs counter to that identity is hard. And the way you get people to do that is you show lots of other people doing the same thing. This is why you bring a hundred Republicans on stage. It's why Sarah Long Well's Group is running videos, running ads with videos of people speaking direct Republicans speaking directly to camera saying, I voted for Trump, but this time I'm not for these reasons.


And so this is, this is how you do it. Trump is doing the opposite. I just saw before we got on here, Trump doing a, at a barbershop in the Bronx, sitting with a bunch of black men talking, just sort of shooting the shit with them, just 'cause you, you, he's trying to do the same thing with a different group of voters. And to show that, you know, the water's warm. There are other people like you here. And so it's a, it's a smart, savvy understanding of the way politics works these days. Also, I think there's, there's two target demos there trying to reach here. There's people who don't always vote, and there's people who don't always vote for Democrats. And I think the Harris Falls campaign is obviously going after both groups, but it is harder to reach the people who don't always vote. Right. And they are, they are not as dependable and they are low propensity voters.


And it's gonna take more resources to find them, to convince them to come out to the polls. And I'm sure they're doing that. But the thing about the people who don't always vote for Democrats, whether they're independent or Republicans who are open to voting for Democrats, is they are very reliable voters. And they show up in a lot of these elections. And so I'm guessing the campaign's thinking all right, it's probably a more bang for our buck to like go after some of these soft Republicans, right-leaning independents who, and, and Donald Trump has made them available to the Harris campaign because he's so extreme. That wouldn't usually happen in a campaign for a Democratic campaign, but Donald Trump has made it more possible this time. I can't Remember if I used these numbers on this podcast or one of these 700 other podcasts we've done recently.


But, you know, blueprint also pulled Haley voters. And there's a large chunk of Haley voters who are not with Trump yet and are open to the idea of supporting Harris, but she's got work to do. But just to put that number in perspective, 76,000 people voted for Nikki Haley in the Wisconsin primary in 2020. Joe Biden won Wisconsin by 21,000 votes. Yeah, But you know what? Obviously you're not gonna get all of them. You probably aren't gonna get most of them, but that's a, that's a big chunk of voters who could decide the election and the numbers are similar in the other battleground states, Right? So we learned today about two other Republicans who've decided to level their critiques of Trump in private, like a couple of profiles in courage. Mitch McConnell, who apparently participated in an oral history project, oral history of like, slowly degrading democracy.


I don't know what, I dunno what the project was, but he's, he's on an audio recording calling Trump after January 6th, quote, stupid, a narcissist and a despicable human being. No word on when that recording will be available. But it was, it's a book that journalist Mike Tackett is, is writing. And so the AP reported it today, when asked by the Associated Press about these comments, McConnell said, quote, whatever I may have said about President Trump pales in comparison to what JD Vance, Lindsey Graham and others have said about him. But we're all on the same team now. You know what, I respect it. I truly respect that response.


What a dick. Yeah, he is one of history's great villains and cowards, but I respect the response there. Meanwhile, our pal, Tim Miller, broke some news over the bulwark about former Trump defense secretary James Mattis on Tim's Bul work podcast. Bob Woodward revealed that Mattis emailed him to say that he agrees with General Mark Millie's assessment, that Trump is quote, the most dangerous person ever. So thanks to both Jim Madison mi Mitch McConnell stepping up when it really matters. Huh? I mean, look What, like, come on, people say it out loud in front of a camera, Just co It's, it's pure cowardice to sit there and believe that a fascist, someone you believe is a fascist, a dangerous fascist, is on the cusp of becoming president of the United States.


And your response is to email Bob Woodward after his book comes out, Hey Bob, maybe you put this in your next one in 2026. It Just, it's just, I don't know, man. I don't know. Are these revelations something that the Harris campaign should be using down the home stretch? She's already in her rallies all this week. She's been talking about the Millie comments, which I think is very smart. I think, I think when your opponent's, a former top general that they hired, is running around telling people that, that the opponent's a fascist and the most dangerous person to ever exist. And it's a like a four star general. I think that's useful, useful knowledge for people.


It Is. It, I mean, obviously it's useful and it's a piece of information that every voter should have before they make their decision. Just seems like you should put it, it should be in the voter guide. Frankly, we've talked about this before. These are hard arguments to sell to a lot of voters, particularly ones who are not super engaged with the news on daily basis because they were alive for the last Trump presidency and they didn't see it as fascist. And so that, it's just, it'd be much more powerful on camera. But it just is a, you should should talk about it for sure. It should be part of the argument. As, we raise the stakes, but recognizing that it's hard to convince people that Trump will be a dictator or a fascist because they believe he was not. Now you can get some granularity to it. That is, and you need, this is the, you see this in the ads a little bit, where it's like Trump has changed.


He's less stable. You do the, you talk about this a lot. He's got different people around him. You gotta tell the whole story for people to understand why this time would be different than last time. 'cause last time is, we had a kind of embarrassing president, didn't seem great at his job. Eggs were cheap than something really bad happened that was beyond his control. And America got fucked up. We fired him. Now he's back. Right? Yeah. I mean, look, I think this is appealing to me, not necessarily because we're trying to convince people that Donald Trump is a fascist who don't already think that he's a fascist or a dictator or whatever you may wanna do. I do agree that you have to frame it as the guy since you last saw him is different. He is older, crazier, more unhinged.


The guy has lost a step. Clearly he's swaying and dancing at his events. He's, you know, he's, he's saying he is gonna use the military against people. He's nuts. He's lost it. Right? Like, I think that is the argument you have to make. But I think one of the most effective arguments here is that so many people that have worked for Donald Trump at the most senior levels do not think he is fit for office. Like, so Blueprint also did a, a test of all closing arguments, which was the most effective, number one most effective argument. It boosted Kamala Harris, 12 points with all voters and 14 points with independence. Nearly half of Trump's cabinet have refused to endorse him.


When Trump learned during the Capitol riot that his supporters were threatening to kill his own vice president, he said, so what? And refused to do anything to ensure the vice president was safe. Republican governors, senators and house members have all said the same thing. We can't give Trump another four years of president. So that was the number one most effective closing argument. Number two was abortion close behind it. That boosted her 10 and 12 with independence. And then after that, an argument about social security and what Trump would do on social security and what Trump would do on a CA that boosted her six points. And then everything else was like in the single digits or, or negative. But those, those were the best arguments, closing arguments against Trump. I found that interesting. That's right. The first number I read was all voters. And then the second one was independence.


Yeah. So that's pretty, you know, I I, I just think that people, if you don't know much about whatever, you don't have to make the argument that he's a fascist. Just like, Hey, see these generals, see these defense secretaries, national security advisors, Mike Pence, they're all like, no, no, don't do it. Don't do it. We are, I would say that right now, we are staying at the crossroads of a very large debate within the Democratic political community right now about how best to close this race. That is one argument. I'm the other one is like, let's talk about price gouging. No, No, no. It's not like, it's not, it's not. Which I love, you know how much I love talking about price? Yeah. I mean, you are, you, no one hates price gouging more than you. I said, and I, and I, You're The guy and I'm really, and I'm still angry at the nerds that, that the, the liberal policy nerds that don't think it's a good, it's a good, it's, it's really, I think between the first argument on that list and the second one, which is a more focus on abortion than anything else.


Abortion mean abortion economy. And it's basically taking everything that has been, every dollar and cents, that's and ounce of blood, sweat, tears has been put in building up where Kamala Harris is right now. And putting that into one argument as opposed to sort of a shift at the end here, which this is a shift from where she was. Yeah, It is a shift. I'm not saying I'm not weighing in here. I wanna see more data. I don't know. I could, I could craft an argument that gets it all together. I mean, it's like, you start with, you start with Trump. You start with the fact that he has lost a step. He is unstable, he is unhinged. And then you go through all the policies, right? Like he, you know, he was always anti-choice. But now he wants to have a national abortion ban and leave in place Trump bans that have led women to die.


He was always for tariffs. Now he wants to slap 20% tariffs on everything we buy. That's imported. iPhones, tequila, cars, everything else. He was always sort of crazy. But now he wants to turn the military on Amer, you know, like, I think you go down the list that way your, your Your fingers work. You'll hear, I'll, I'll kind of deal with you. You write that down. I'll put it, I'll put it in a very popular political newsletter called The Message Box. Okay, cool. I can, I can guess write a message box Or you know what? I know you don't write anymore, so just send me a voice memo and I will, I will take care. Oh, That's go well. I'm doing this podcast. Maybe someone could take notes.


Hot Save America is brought to you by Biotics. Pre-Cool. If there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with pre-Cool biotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics pre-cool. Your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. And with their GMO technology, biotics is continuing to invent probiotics that will help with everyday challenges of modern living.


My personal story is that I take Z biotics all the time when I can remember it, and when I don't, I'm really noted with myself or forgetting, but it makes you feel you can go drink and then you feel really good the next morning. And I know what you're all thinking. Yes, it works, it really does. Go to z biotics.com/crook to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use crooked checkout, z Biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. Remember to head to biotics.com/crooked and use the code crooked checkout for 15% off. Pat Save America is brought to you by Delete Me. Ever wonder how much of your personal data is out there on the internet for everyone to see more than you think. Your name, contact info, social security number, and home address, even information about your family members is all being compiled by Data Brokers and sold online.


But now you can protect your privacy with Delete Me a subscription service that removes your personal info from hundreds of data brokers. Sign up and provide. Delete me with exactly what information you want deleted and their experts. Take it from there. Delete Me, sends you regular personalized privacy reports showing you what they found, where they found it, and what they removed. Delete Me isn't just a one-Time service, delete Me is always working for you. Constantly monitoring and removing the personal information you don't want on the internet. Listen, I think a lot of us have experienced a situation where, you know, someone called you or reached out to you or sent something to your house and you have no idea how they got that information. And it's really scary and unnerving and just not something that anyone should have to go through.


So that's why Delete Me is a great option to give you that peace of mind and try to get whatever data you can off the internet so it's not there for everyone to see. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan by texting PSA to 6 4 0 0 0 text PSA to 6 4 0 0 0. That's PSA to 6 4 0 0 0 message and data rates may apply. See terms for details. PO Save America is brought to you by the International Rescue Committee for more than 90 years. When crises strike from war and violence to floods and famine, the International Rescue Committee has been there helping displaced families survive, recover, and rebuild.


The IRC responds within 72 hours of an emergency and stays as long as needed, providing humanitarian aid to millions of families. Right now in crisis stricken places like Gaza, Lebanon, Afghanistan, and Ukraine. Severe winter weather is putting displaced families at even greater risk. Many makeshift camps can't withstand the extreme cold. Some people live without reliable electricity, while others can't afford the fuel to heat their homes. Pregnant women, children, the elderly and people with disabilities are especially vulnerable. Your tax deductible donations can help the IRC provide critical resources, emergency food, clean water, shelter, fuel, medicine, blankets, winter gear, and cash assistance you can give confidently because the IRC is consistently awarded top marks by charity watchdog groups for their efficient use of donor contributions.


Donate today by visiting rescue.org/rebuild. That's rescue.org/rebuild. All right, let's talk with Donald Trump. He did this, this Univision Town Hall this week. It aired Wednesday night. Surprise surprise was a lot more challenging than his Fox News Women's Town Hall, which it turns out was actually stocked with Trump supporters. Oh, what a surprise. Couldn't tell that from the fucking town hall. I watched five minutes of it when I walked in the office yesterday and I was like, this is embarrassing. I think Kamala Harris would've gotten tougher questions from her own staff. Oh yeah. I take that as a strong guess. Yeah. Than the questions that they got.


I mean, one, one woman literally stood up and she was just like, I just wanna thank you for everything you're doing to, to, to stop the woke military. What is there a question here? But anyway, the Univision Town Hall, excellent questions. And there were some people who had voted for Donald Trump and had been Republicans in the town hall asked him questions, including this man, let's listen. Okay. I am a Republican no longer registered. I want to give you the opportunity to try to win back my vote. Okay, your, I say action and maybe inaction during your presidency and the last few years, sort of, you know, was a little disturbing to me.


You know, what happened during January 6th and the fact that, you know, you waited so long to take action while your supporters were attacking the capitol. I'm curious how people so close to you and your administration no longer wanna support you. So why would I wanna support you? If you would answer these questions for me, I would really appreciate it. And give you the opportunity. There's, you know, your own vice president doesn't wanna support you now. Thank you, Ramiro. So the people that don't support a very small portion, we have a tremendous, about 97% of the people in the administration support me. But because it's me, somebody doesn't support, they get a little publicity.


The vice President, I disagree with him on what he did. I totally disagreed with him on what he did. Very importantly, you had hundreds of thousands of people come to Washington. They didn't come because of me. They came because of the election. They thought the election was a rigged election. And that's why they came. Some of those people went down to the capitol. I said, peacefully and patriotically. Nothing done wrong at all. Nothing done wrong. And action was taken. Strong action. Ashley Babbitt was killed. Nobody was killed. There were no guns down there. We didn't have guns. The others had guns, but we didn't have guns. And when I say we, these are people that walked down. This was a tiny percentage of the overall, which nobody sees and nobody, nobody shows.


But That was a day of love from the standpoint of the millions. It's like hundreds of thousands. It could have been the largest group I've ever spoken before. They asked me to speak, I went and I spoke Day of Love, Day of Love in, they tried to, they wanted to hang the vice president. They were hunting Nancy Pelosi. Police officers were beaten within an inch of their lives were pipe bombs. Pipe bombs. And by the way, they did have guns. Maybe Trump didn't have a gun, but because he did say we, but they had guns and Trump knew they had guns, which we learned in the January 6th committee investigation that he said, yeah, they have guns, but they're not gonna hurt me. So who cares?


Let 'em through the magnetometers. That was the quote from, so Trump knew that they were armed with guns. So he knew that he was lying. But it was a Day of Love. It was a Day of Love. What'd you think of that exchange? Honestly? Holy fucking shit. I know. It, It like, what are we doing? I mean, it is truly an insane thing to say. This is his biggest vulnerability in the election. And frankly, it's his, that's also his biggest legal liability is is January 6th. Yeah, it is. Good point. Incredibly unpopular. Even, even most Republicans don't support what happened on that day. It was an act of absolute violence of domestic terrorism. And Donald Trump calls it a Day of Love like 20 days before the election.


And we're just like, oh, crazy. Trump just talking again. Something is like, something is seriously broken in it. It is the media environment. It is our own attention span. I saw you tweeting this today that like, how is this not the biggest Yeah. Story like Jim Comey put out a letter saying, oh, there was a couple more emails from Hillary we're looking into, and it upended the entire fucking election for the last couple weeks. And maybe Civilization, it upended civilization, maybe Civilization. Donald Trump is, is waiting to possibly stand trial. 'cause he has been indicted for trying to overturn the last election and foment a violent insurrection and then goes back to it at a town hall and says it was the Day of Love.


It's, I, it's insane. We should not, we should not be talking about anything else for the next cover two weeks. And why is not every Republican being asked of January 6th was the Day of Love. All those ones who were in all the video, the documentary video footage running for their fucking lives, desperately calling the White House to try to get help. It's just, it is a blip. And it is like, it, it's not anyone's fault. It is a structural problem in our democracy right now that is in just, but it's that structural problem, which is kind of why we're in this mess right now, is just highlighted by the fact that he can say that. And it just, we've just moved on. And it happened not 24 hours ago. Yeah. Well fortunately Kamala Harris jumped on this today in Wisconsin.


Let's listen to what she said. Donald Trump was at a Univision town hall where a voter asked him about January 6th. Okay, so now we here know, January 6th was a tragic day. It was a day of terrible violence. And what did Donald Trump say last night about January 6th? He called it a quote, A Day of Love. But, but it points out something that everyone here knows.


The American people are exhausted with his gaslighting, exhausted with his gaslighting enough. What'd you think of that? Can I ask you a question as a once and potentially a future wordsmith? Yes. Do you think people know what gaslighting means? I did not enjoy gaslighting the word gas. I'm, I think it is a resistance term from 2017 that has been overused. And then now a bunch of people use it all the time. And this is a correct Usage of It. I would She used it correctly, incorrectly. Yes. That first Absolutely. Yes. Yes. But many people have used it in, in such wrong ways that it's sort of, I don't know if it's that he's I, guess I don't know if the criticism is that he's gaslighting necessarily.


The criticism is that like he thinks that attacking the seat of government, a bunch of people violently attacking the seat of government was a Day of Love that he was responsible for. That he is currently under indictment for, like, he, he's not fit to be president. He's not fit to be president. Yeah. There's just should be in jail. One more turn of the argument there, right? Where either it's a combination of he's dangerous and or delusional, Right? Yes. Right. Because we're Yes, exactly the frame that he has, he has lost it. You know, it's the same is dancing up on stage, swaying back and forth, thinking about he's mad king. You know, it's just, it's, I, I don't know. I don't know. Do like, do they push this?


Do they keep pushing it? Like, I, I can imagine they put, I was tweeting, I was like, how long until someone has Donald Trump's answer and side by side with the videos from January 6th where cops are just getting assaulted and people are getting hurt. And sure enough, there's Harry's campaign like in a couple hours put out that video. Like is it an ad? Do you run an ad about it? Does she bring it up in an interview? Like what, what do you think? I don't Know. It's hard to do. Yeah, I think she should bring it up all the time. Just, I mean, part of this is not, and harken back to the previous debate, but there is your final closing message, but there's also, you just have to be on offense every day for the next 17 days or whatever. It's, we have left. And this is one way in which you do that. And so every day you're doing all these rallies, you're mixing new stuff in.


And I think just like sticking with making this part of the pitch at the end here is, is good. I mean, look, there's only so many ads that can run between now and election day. And I know, so switching that out for something else, you already, because there's already traffic on now and they, it has to bleed through all of its points to have been an effective use of money. And then they obviously have a closing argument ad that's coming at some point for the final few days. So I mean, you can do digital stuff with it for sure. Putting on actual linear TV is probably tough and you just have no points to waste right now. Yeah. Oof. One other thing that came up at the town hall, notable Springfield, Springfield, Ohio. Let's listen, My question to you very respectfully is, do you really believe that these people are eating the people's pets?


Thank You. Well, thank you very much. And this was just reported. I was re I was just saying what was reported that's been reported and eating other things too that they're not supposed to be, but that's been in the newspapers and reported pretty broadly. No, no, it has not been reported at all. It was not, it was reported by you and JD Vance and a bunch of people who don't know what the fuck they're talking about. So I I do give that guy credit for asking the question respectfully. Yes. Yes. With all due respect, sir. Were they eating the pets? The sad part for me as I was listening to that answer was I am so online that I know exactly what Trump is talking about when he says other things, which is the geese.


It's the geese in the parks. I know, I know, I know. Which also not true. Of course not True. No, I don't know. You think you go to a, a town hall, a Univision town hall and you, you say that you just spread a, a, a debunked conspiracy that legal immigrants are eating people's pets. Is he's gonna, what is he gonna do? Is he doing better than in the Latino vote than last time? Is that where we're headed? We'll, we'll find out. It it, it's just worth putting a button on the fact that this is depraved sociopathic behavior because there are innocent people, not just the migrants in Springfield. Everyone in Springfield's life has been massively disrupted about this.


There are bomb threats in schools. People are scared because he has this dumb fucking lie that he can't admit was wearing just move on from, And he, and he has done the same thing to folks in North Carolina who are recovering from the hurricane. They've had to deal with the conspiracies people in Aurora who now have to deal with the fact that they think that the other people think Venezuelan gangs have taken over the whole city. Everywhere he goes, he just spreads conspiracies in order to try to win that ended up hurting people. He's just like, fucking chaos machine just does not care. It's another thing, another part of the argument that they should make. It's gonna be a long message box. You're writing Like it, I'm struggling with this because I get, I am a, I am a data person.


Look at the polls, look at the stuff. And like I get that, especially because she is relatively new to the national scene as a presidential candidate this time around, that she needs to define herself and people wanna know what she's gonna do for them and what she's gonna do for the country and her vision. And that's like incredibly important for her to talk about. But at the same time, she's not running against a typical Republican. She's running against Donald Trump and Liz Cheney. These are all these Republicans. They're not like supporting her because they like her policies, they're supporting her because they don't like her policies. But Donald Trump is fucking nuts. And like, if, if, if I was gonna make an argument to someone who's going into the voting booth and wasn't sure what they were gonna do, I would probably be like, yeah, maybe you agree with some of the stuff she says.


Maybe you don't agree with other stuff, but like, this man is unfit to be president because he has lost his fucking marbles and that's it. Yeah. I think the important part in that is, and I think it fits in any version of the argument you wanna do, but is that all the people who know him best had worked for him before, don't think he should be president Again. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Don't take my word for it. I'm a crazy lib. Right? Like listen to listen to General Mattis and the, and the joint chiefs guy and Mike Pence. I dunno. Dick Cheney, like Dick Cheney. You know, you gotta listen to Dick Cheney. All right, before we get to Ben Wickler, one last thing I wanted to mention. JD Vance finally coughed up an answer on whether he believes the big lie he was asked yet again, in an event, did Donald Trump lose the 2020 election?


And his response is, I've answered this question directly a million times. No, I think there are serious problems in 2020. So did Donald Trump lose the election? Not by the words I would use. What the fuck does that mean? I don't know. I guess that's just that, that's one where I do think, like going back to big lie, what do they think? I, I don't know how many people that moves. 'cause you've gotta move the threat of a Trump presidency forward and you can't just be looking at the past, but like, it, it goes into the whole, like JD Vance is full of shit and will, you know, do Donald Trump's bidding no matter what and is, you know, next in line for the presidency if he wins.


And Donald Trump is fucking old. So, and, and, and under many indictments, so like, I think people assume, and it's kinda the way the press coverage is, there's this natural assumption. It's like, well, Democrats and Independents know the truth. All the Republicans believe it. The big lie, that's actually not true. Yeah. In fact, only a third of voters believe the big lie and less than two thirds of Republicans believe it. And so it is a signifier that you're an extremist kook when you talk about the big lie. There is this Stanford business school study from 2022 that showed that the big lie candidates did about, did around two points worse than the non-big lie Republicans in that election.


And so I'm not saying this is gonna cost Donald Trump and JD Vance, two points, but it there, it does matter because it says something to voters about who you are, which then it can be projected for about all the other extreme crazy things you will do. It's tied to your people believe if you, if you're crazy enough to do that, you're crazy enough to do all these other things like yeah. Right. To contraception, gay marriage book banning, cutting, social security, Medicare and all that stuff. Yeah, no, that makes sense. All right, before we get to our interview with Ben, one quick announcement this year climate is on the ballot all across the country. And voters like you are deciding on critical climate measures that affect the air we breathe, the water we drink, and weather we'll still have summers that aren't on fire.


Vote save America's build your own ballot tool to the rescue. You can learn who and what's on the ballot wherever you live, fill out a practice ballot in just a few clicks and be prepared to cast your ballot for climate solutions on or before November 5th. Your vote matters. So help build a greener future by electing climate champions. Go to Vote Save America dot com slash climate to check it out now. And also again, sign up Vote Save America dot com slash travel. You can go to a swing state. There's travel and lodging that will be taken care of by the campaign. You can sign up, you can go to Arizona, Nevada. If you're in the West coast, you can go to Pennsylvania if you're in New York. Super important to go help As. we have talked about this entire episode.


The media environment is broken. There are structural problems with people remembering shit. And so the conversations that you have in these final weeks with people, with people who have not decided whether they're gonna vote or who they're gonna vote for, are going to make the difference in these states where the race is on a razor's edge. So please sign up. Vote Save America. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at votes Save America dot com. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidates committee When we come back. Ben Wikler Hot Day of America is brought to you by prize picks. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week.


Christian McCaffrey run for more than 75 and a half yards. I don't Think he's injured. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season. When you and your crew run your game. Run That game. It says your game. I know, I'm just double stamping what you're saying. Okay. You run that game, John. Run your game on prize picks. Run your game on prize picks. Prize picks is the best way to get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. And you can now win up to a hundred times your money with as little as four correct picks. Wanna play prize picks alongside Druke, Joe Biden and MMA Champ Sean O'Malley. Yeah. You can now find community plays under the promos tab of the app to view entries from some of the biggest names in the prize picks community.


The Beat Dru Key's ass this week. There you go. Price Pick. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price Pick is very, very fun. It's like the best parts of fantasy football, but with a totally different format that's super easy to use. We have a friend here, Ryan in Los Angeles, who's a psycho annoying Steelers fan. So basically my goal is to find as many prize picks this week that personally insult him. 'cause he's very into it as well. So stay tuned. And also checking out some Patriots prize picks. Yeah, maybe Jacoby, Brit. There we go. He's one-on-one. Now that's surprising. We should be in Seattle, but you know it's something, a conversation for another day. But check out prize picks.


It's very Fun. Download the app today and use Code CR to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's Code CR for $50 instantly after you play your first $5 prize picks, run your game. Must be present in certain states. Visit prize picks.com for restrictions and details. Po Save America is brought to you by Brooklinen with all the life that happens in your bedroom with pets, family, hobbies, me, time, date, night, et Cetera. Lot of lot, lot carried in that, et cetera. Am I right? Charm. Gimme a high five, huh? For et cetera. Oh, talking About sex. How does your bedroom reenergize you, John? Oh, the sheets. Oh, the sheets. Yes. They are comfortable. I love Brooklinen sheets. Me too. I I, I, you know that I've recently become a linen sheets person.


I never was. I always thought that you can't do linen sheets. I thought I couldn't either. I thought I Couldn't. Brooklinen is changing that for you. I thought I wasn't a, a linen person. And then I tried 'em. I was like, I'm not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. They everything you need to style your dream bed with layers, textures, throws, blankets. Super high quality products have been tested and awarded by experts, including Good Housekeeping, gq, Wirecutter, and more. With over a hundred thousand five star reviews, Brooklyn's customizable bundles make it easy to refresh your bed and bathroom, putting everything you need in one place. Brooklyn's value is the best even helping you save when you bundle. So refresh your space today with Brookline's Award-winning textures, layers, and home essentials. Visit in store or online at Brooklinen dot com.


That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first order and save extra when you bundle. Pod Save America is brought to you by American Pride Rises. America's strength comes from its shared values of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Since its inception, the DEI movement has pushed the nation to live up to its highest ideals. But today these values are under attack. DEI ensures that everyone has the opportunity to achieve their American dream together. DEI must be defended to protect the progress that has been made as a nation and to ensure a better future for all. No exceptions. Join the fight paid for by the Defending American Values Coalition.


Joining us now, he is the chair of the Wisconsin Democratic Party and a friend of the pod just looking great as it that she said. And I'm guessing from you're in Green Bay right now, Ben Wikler And Green Bay, Wisconsin. And hello Pod Save America. And, and John, it's good to be with you today. So you are in Green Bay. I know that Kamala Harris is, is gonna be there today as well. Wisconsin was decided by 20,000 votes in 2020. 2022, the Senate race was decided by just under 30,000 votes. So 50 50 State has been for a while. Polling in the spring and summer suggested Wisconsin was the, the blue wall state where Democrats had the biggest lead.


Now it's arguably the tightest state once again as it had been in 2020. What, if anything, do you think has changed in the race over the last month? I'm removing my cheat head because I'm nodding vigorously and it is hard to nod in a cheese head. So I'm replacing it with my camo hair. I love that. With the blaze orange. Love that hat. Wisconsin is being itself, Wisconsin is the 50 50 state. So the big question is whether there's pollinger and which direction it goes. But the, the poll's getting super, super tight is kind of what we experience a lot here. And right now. The, the presidential race is a tossup. The Senate race is now a tossup. The Republicans have flooded the zone with attack ads against Tammy Baldwin.


So that race has gotten super tight. The fight for the State assembly majority is a tossup. We are trying to flip four state Senate seats to pay to pave a way to a Senate majority in 2026. And then there's multiple house races that are in the margin of error. So it is intense across the board. And the question is, you know, were we ahead before and now it's just that partisans are kind of returning to their camps or was there some kind of response bias that was kind of getting the polls a little bit off and now it's actually a truer picture of what's been here all along. But either way, our expectation in the final sprint is that this thing comes down to like two or three votes per precinct across the state and it's in the margin of effort. As, we say not the margin of error. I promise I won't harp on the polling for too long, but I'm just wondering about the polling error in Wisconsin or the potential polling error.


It was the biggest polling error of any state in in 2020. We all remember the, like the Biden plus 17 poll. Yeah. But even the average was, was way off and it was, it was more often than most other states in most other cycles. What's your take on whether the, the best pollsters, especially private campaign pollsters have fixed the problem? Or like what have they said to you about trying to fix the problem? Is it, what are you most worried about in terms of like what the polls are telling you about where the electorate is? Not just in the, like what's the horse race 'cause who cares about that? But you know, in terms of where the campaigns are putting time, money, resources, et cetera. Yeah, Well, we've been just obsessed ever really since 2016, but especially after 2020.


'cause we had the biggest polling air in the country also, 20 16 7 points. Often the real clear politics average in 16 and 20. That was before the flood of red wave kind of skewed polling. And the result of that has been a kind of flowering of a tons of different types of ways to measure what's happening with whom. Tons of focus groups focus on particular subpopulations around the state, across race and ethnicity, gender, geography, generation. It's lots of polls at different levels conducted with different methodologies that we can kind of pile on top of each other. It's tons of, of work to model who's gonna say what when we knock on their door, and then compare that to what actually happens when we talk to them. So you can get a sense of whether you're off one way or the other. That was part of what happened in 2016.


We ignored the data from the field. We don't do that anymore. And all those signals are telling us that this is likely to be super close. Now that said, if we wake up the day after the election and we've lost by several points or one by several points in a way, I would not be shocked because there are two big forces, one pushing, one direction the other. And the other one is that there's a lot of Trump supporters that just do not trust polling and won't answer pollster's phone calls. And every pollsters has to guess how big the partisan non-response bias is. And then the other thing is that the Dobbs decision especially has energized a ton of people, especially women, especially young women, but also older women in all parts of the state who are, I think, potentially gonna vote in a, in a furious and intensive way that isn't necessarily reflected in public opinion polling.


Now, if I was a pollster, I'd tell you these two forces are probably gonna basically cancel each other out. We're trying to accomp, you know, predict both, and we think we think it's tied and it will be tied or that's the most likely thing. And that's what the margin of error is for, is to show you, you know, how far it could shift in either direction. But we, we won't really know until the final ballots counted. And the only thing we can do in the meantime is assume that that it is it literally a coin flip. And that if we throw everything we have against the wall, if we organize with every second of daylight and, and into the dark now that it's the sun is setting so early, if we make every phone call, if we raise every dollar to get it into, you know, paid communication in every form, all of that might be enough to win by a hairs spread and save democracy.


I've heard you say that another challenge in figuring this out is same day registration in Wisconsin. And so you can get a flood of people who show up on election day that were probably never captured or, or thought about by not only pollsters, but I guess modeling. Is that how, how do you guys think of that? I mean, it's a, it's a great thing by the way that people can register same day and vote. We love that. But I'm sure it makes it trickier. It does make it trickier because especially because nobody's polling unregistered voters. That's just not, you know, every, every, every pollster, ah, they show you likely voters, which are a subset of registered voters and then I show you registered voters. But we always have wards where there's over a hundred percent voter turnout of registered voters because there are more people who same day register and vote than there are people who were registered and don't vote.


So the, the electorate will grow. And if you look at Wisconsin voter registration statistics, it looks like the electorate shrinking until an election comes along and then it, and then it jumps up. And that can go either way. In 2020, the same day registration favored Trump heavily. Democrats voted early by mail, they all registered, you know, beforehand so they could get their absentee ballots this time. There's a chance for democrats to, to get the jump on this, but there's also lots of years when it's been, you know, evenly split in same day registration too. But that's part of what un uncertainty is built into the whole thing. And it's also why the returns to effort in Wisconsin are so high. Because if you're, you know, out at a bar talking to everyone there about the importance of voting, even people who've never voted in the state before can, you know, wake up the next morning and have a couple of cups of coffee and then bring their proof of residence and their, their photo id and register and vote that very day.


I I will also tell you, I have this vivid memory from high school when a friend of mine, his older sister was a UW Madison student and it was a student running for I think county board and the friend's older sister had a party and a bunch of people stayed up really late drinking and they woke up and they're sung over and like they didn't vote and the the candidate wound up losing by fewer votes than the number of people who had Oh, been Too drunk to vote that day. So the lesson is, no matter how you feel, you, you will get yourself to the polls. You might be the margin of victory right there. So if you're gonna drink before election night, just set that alarm really loud and put it right next to your head.


Multiple. That is the lesson I get from That. Multiples. Yes. Have a buddy who's responsible for driving you to the polls. We're speaking on Thursday. Kamala Harris has three events in Wisconsin today tour with Mark Cuban. Obviously she's gonna be in Green Bay, she's in lacrosse also, I think Tim Walls and Barack Obama are gonna be in Madison next week. I've had some people ask me like, in this political and media environment where everything is nationalized, everyone is polarized, what is the value of campaign stops like these to you guys in terms of moving voters? They're so, so helpful. They, I I cannot say how helpful and how valuable they are and you know, time is the one thing you can't buy with, with money and campaign contributions.


So when the, when a candidate comes, a bunch of things happen at once. The first thing is that there's a bunch of press about the fact that they're coming. So it gets in the news. The key thing right, is reaching people who are not paying attention to politics already. And when you're in the local, like radio news break between the best hits of the eighties, nineties and, and two thousands that Kamala Harris is coming to town, people are finding out about that. Then you have the actual event. You have thousands of people show up, they can all be asked to volunteer, they can all be asked to get on the reach app. They, they can all be asked to go to wisdoms.org and, and donate and sign up as, as volunteers to do door knocking shifts. So they then can multiply out and go talk to their friends. Then you have the, the news coverage of the event itself, which again will reach a lot of people who are generally avoiding political news.


But it is the thing happening in town at that moment and in the state at that moment, it's covered all over the state. And then there's clips from the, from the rally or the event that happened that go viral on the internet and that are used in ads. So many of the ads you see in Wisconsin right now use footage from events that happened in Wisconsin. So there's this like if a campaign's doing it right, a visit from the candidate to a community has a multiplier effect before, during, and after, both at the grassroots level and in a kind of air war across the state. And I will tell you, the Harris campaign is using these visits in the right way. It is, you know, this is not Trump rambling for an hour and a half in Madison Square Garden. This is showing up in Green Bay and lacrosse and actually connecting with people, energizing them and then sending them out as ground troops while also amplifying the most critical moments.


So this is, this is gold for us. And I will say the fact that Harris and Walls are visiting lots of different parts of the state, different places they get, you know, different media markets with different local TV signals that they're coming back in different kinds of contexts and that they're, you know, bringing along President Barack Obama to, to Madison on the first day of early vote. All those things could give us that final extra edge that Elon Musk with his gigantic amounts of money and his very weird online presence, he can't match that. That is something that, that we have and could be our counter to the flood of right-wing money that is hitting the airways all over our state. You were talking about the deluge of ads with all the right wing money. What is the gist of these ads in terms of message and, and what has been the most, the best, most effective pushback to some of these negative ads?


So All the Republican ads in our state just about are hammering on fear and it's fear of immigrants and immigration tied to crime and trans stuff. And sometimes they tie all three of those together. Sometimes it's pick two, it's like a, a right wing rat bag of trying to demonize a group of people and make everyone else afraid of, of those folks and create an other that's, you know, strong man Trump says he'll protect you from, and it is an old, tired, vicious playbook, but it can have an effect. And it's being used at lots of levels. It's being used in the Senate race as well. And to counter it, you have to lay out who you are and what you're for. You have to point out why they're making these attacks, which is that they're trying to distract people from the fact that they're trying to rip you off and that they're trying to, you know, divide people because they know that if we elect Harris and Walls and we elect we elect Tammy Baldwin, then we'll actually have a government that's on the side of the middle class standing up to special interest and blocking extremists from banning abortion.


So you, you know, you have to, you have to be on offense but also explain why you're under attack and then shift to the ground where you're going on offense and winning. And the the thing you don't wanna do is kind of get stuck in repeating their lies while you're debunking them. So the, they're, you know, they're obviously wrong, but, but getting on the, the stronger ground and then pushing back and punching back and explaining why they're, why they're doing these attacks is a critical piece of this. I think one of the striking things is that Republicans are not even trying to defend against the accusations of abortion bans. They're just on the attack right now. And what that means is that a lot of Republicans who are generally kind of partisan republicans are coming into the fold.


That's why you see the Senate race tightening also is that they're a lot of the Trump voters who were lukewarm and Eric Hdi when the ads were about Eric hdi, they're getting on board for kind of like the, the, the MAGA attack game plan. But the Republicans are leaving themselves open for the kind of moderate Republicans who have mixed feelings about the fact that their, their candidates wanna ban abortion nationwide. And a lot of the democratic ads we have, especially kind of on offense ads about the economy and the economic vision of democratic candidates and about this issue of personal freedom, reproductive freedom and abortion, and the personal testimonials from people who've been directly affected by abortion bans or had complications in their pregnancy and urgently needed care that Republicans would try to ban those things.


Those things do move voters. I think they affect every race on the ballot. That's one reason why we're so focused on supporting, you know, the the down ballot candidates as well. 'cause I think that if you have an ad from a state legislative candidate that talks about the effect of the abortion ban that Republicans put in or, or refuse to lift a finger to, to remove after the Dobbs decision, I think that affects every race on the ballot. So two kinds of persuadable voters, one kind that is open to voting for Trump, open to hov d open to some Republican candidates, and then there's the person who's open to not voting at all. What are you guys hearing on the doors, on the phones over text about what issues are driving the race for these persuadable voters and what is getting them off the fence?


So it's interesting. Yeah, the, the wall of right-wing fear of monering in the state means that if you're talking to someone who's voted Republican in the past, they're often thinking about these the kind of, you know, criminal immigrant narrative that Republicans are pushing. And you'll hear that from people. And then they're also thinking about what it would mean in their families if abortion was banned and they, or someone that they loved needed access to abortion care. And this is often, you know, it's not people who want a candidate who goes right down the middle of these two issues. It's people who are conflicted across these two things. I I think the other piece that you often hear, especially from people who generally are fed up with the system, is frustration around the economy and the feeling of like, who's actually fighting for me?


Like I had a, a non-voting Uber driver who his line to me was like, Republicans care about the rich. Democrats care about the poor, no one cares about the middle class. And I was like, well, I wanna ask you to listen to a Kamala Harris speech, my friend, because you'll hear someone laying out a vision for the middle class. The folks didn't buy houses and start businesses and, you know, support childcare, support their, their aging parents through Medicare. But, but it's, it's going to where the voter is that actually makes the difference. And the thing about the abortion bans is that they've reached into people's personal lives, they've reached outside of politics, outside of what's on the news and into people's most intimate, urgent medical decisions and, and the moments when they're most vulnerable and suddenly it's politicians calling the shots. And that's, that is horrifying for people.


It's a horrifying thing. It's horrifying prospect and it's something that a lot of people in Wisconsin are one or two degrees of separation away from someone who actually experienced it for 451 days. We had an abortion ban here. And that's, that is affecting all these different races that the economic argument and this question around freedom, you know, we have candidates, democratic candidates in every congressional district. I'm in Kristen Lyle's district right now in Green Bay. She's a, a pro-choice, O-B-G-Y-N, who's running for Congress and making this absolutely clear as a dividing line in this race in a way that I think energizes voters. You have Rebecca Cook in the third congressional district running against Eric Huffy. Eric Huffy, by the way, who is on Capitol grounds on January 6th and would be inside the Congressional Chamber in, in January 6th, 2025 if you were reelected.


But that guy supported total abortion bans. And Rebecca Cook is a young protest woman candidate who grew up on a dairy farm. She's nobody's idea, you know, she's, she's a very like, kind of centrist democratic candidate in a purple district. But she's crystal clear that the government should not be overriding people's personal decisions about this. And that combination of economic populism clear about, about choice and reproductive freedom and the, you know, the kind of common sense rejecting extremes, it's a really good fit for, for the district. And then you have in the first Peter Barka, who is up against Brian style, who supported all these abortion ban bills in Congress in all these different races, the arguments that the candidates are making in the house races, they echo the candidates arguments for Tammy Baldwin senate race against pe Eric Huffy who said he's totally opposed to abortion.


And they echo the argument that Harrison Walls make against JD Vance who supported national abortion bans. And Donald Trump wants to punish women. And so there's a, a surround sound, an echo effect, and also with the state legislative candidates, if that can be what is on voters' minds as they walk into the polling place. Someone who's on my side on the economy against special interests and somebody who's on my side for freedom against meddling extremist politicians. Democrats win this election, even if it's close, if people walk into the polling place feeling afraid of a phantom crime wave that's whipping through their communities, you know, driven by these kind of caricatured policies, Republicans are telling them Democrats are imposing, then it becomes really hard. And then the vote, the, the fight for what the election is about in a way is existential and it's part of what volunteers can change when they're talking to people at their doors.


Speaking of the doors, you mentioned Elon Musk, I've heard reports that even the Trump folks who are quite confident about winning are less confident in their ground game, which has mostly been outsourced to Elon Musk. I know that Democrats, including folks in the Harris campaign, are quite confident in the ground game. I know you're confident in the ground game, but what are, what are you seeing in Wisconsin in terms of both, both sides ground game? I was in Platteville, Wisconsin yesterday in western Wisconsin. This is like the southwest corner of the state. And like in every county that I visit, I was asking the volunteers there if they're seeing Republican canvassers when they're out on doors.


And the answer is a two letter word that begins with n and ends with o. We are out in communities all over the state, in every single county, all across Wisconsin, every week and every week we hear about maybe a couple of places where, where America Pack canvassers are showing up, and often they're not even successfully hanging their door knockers, their door knocking, you know, door hangers off the doorknobs in people's houses. There's been like two instances where I've heard about actual conversations people have had with him. I, you know, I, I know that this is shocking given his business record, but it might be that he's not gonna hit his deadlines for, for getting those door knocks done.


And I love this for the Republican party. I think it's great. I think it's a great example of, you know, outsourcing jobs that used to be done by Wisconsin Knights. Someone who doesn't believe in union labor and hard work, and this is, this is their plan. Now, does that guarantee that we're gonna win? It absolutely does not it, but it means that we might be able to work our way through to the finish line in this thing and having a a, you know, one sort of medium of the contest in which I think we have a serious advantage means that we need to triple down on that. There's a, you know, in general, your weaknesses are not actually your strengths. And so what you wanna do is make the most of your strengths and then, and then shore up your weaknesses on the Republican side.


They've let the bottom fall out of this thing. And, you know, we just need to, to run up the score with everything we can do to organize and get our friends out to vote. And again, I'm just gonna hammer wisdoms.org/volunteer or if you go to kamala harris.com/volunteer, you can sign up wherever you might be in the country. I know I Vote, Save America, you volunteer links, folks, those phone calls, those door knocks, the, the relational outreach that we're doing, friend to friend, these things do matter and this thing could come down to, you know, fewer votes than the number of contacts in your phone and your five best friends' phones. Like that could be the margin of, of victory in states like Wisconsin. And there are not a lot of those states. That's a good place to leave it. Everyone, if you're nervous volunteer and Wisconsin's a great place to do it, you guys could, could use some help.


I will let you go. I know you got a Kamala Harris event to, to attend up in Green Bay and thanks as always for joining us and Ben Wikler, good luck out there. Thank you so much John and, and folks do not sleep on our Senate race, the house races, the state legislative races. Yes, we finally at Fair Maps and the Presidential. This is every line of the ballot, all systems go, let's go Fight and win. That's our show for today. Dan will be back with a bonus episode on Sunday. Dan, who are you talking to this week? This week I talked to Amy Walter, one of the smartest people in politics. She's the, she is, she is the editor in chief and publisher of the Cook Political Report. And we talked about the presidential race, but also the House and Senate racists.


Understand if Democrats have a chance to sweep all three in this election? All right, everyone, check it out Sunday. Have a good weekend and we'll be back with another Pod, Save America on Tuesday. Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin.


Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lole, Carol Aviv, and David Toles.


These Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How. did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing, your health plan questions are answered. you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans, a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans Sentara Health Insurance Company Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated and Sentara Health Administration. Incorporated Exclusion. terms and conditions apply. Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000.


OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.