
Today's presenting sponsor is simply safe Home security. Longer days mean more time for after work plans, weekend getaways, and unfortunately more opportunities for break-ins. In fact, most burglaries happen during broad daylight. That's why SimpliSafe Advanced Security helps stop intrusions before they happen, so you can leave home with confidence. I'm sitting with someone who has set up his own Simply Safe system and has lived to tell the tale I did set it up. And here I am telling you that it's a great, great service. Easy to do. Here he is away from his home. Yeah. And Feeling great because it's protected. Feel great every day. Some days less great, but nothing to do with the house or you know, it's more about the politics. But in the terms of Simply Safe, highly recommend it. Once you set it up, it just works perfectly. The app is great. Customer support is great. You should get one With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When handing out in the morning, or when locking up each night, traditional security systems only take action after someone's already broken in. That's too late. Simply Safe, act Guard. Outdoor Protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights. Even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans. Start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit simplisafe.com/cricket to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simply safe.com/cricut. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day, the opportunity to just sleep in and dream of perfectly folded laundry. There's no better way to compliment Mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jared Jewelers, A sparkling diamond, penant necklace, or even gold hoop Earings perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jared. Now get 20% off storewide for Mother's Day. Exclusions apply. See store for details.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. All right. On today's show, we're gonna talk about Trump's new movie Tariff proposal. His plan to reopen Alcatraz. It's like a fucking parody. It's unbelievable. And his big loss in court over his attempt to ban certain law firms from practicing law in federal court. Then later you'll hear Tommy's interview with our friend Chastin Buttigieg. Tommy, what'd you guys talk about? We, so Chastin's got a book coming out. It's called Papa's Coming Home. It's a children's book. We talked about why he wanted to write that LGBT representation in books, what it's like to be the focus of disgusting, constant right-wing attacks on his family book bands, their adoption story being a dad. Pete's Beard got into that Pete's journey into the Manosphere.


It was fun to just hang. I, chasten was kind enough to bring some extra copies of his new book that night. I read it to Charlie. I told Chasten this, but Charlie loved the book, like multiple LOLs from my, yeah, going on a back jacket. He was a big fan. Big fan. Charlie f Charlie's first blurb. Yeah. Maybe Pete, do an interview with Charlie. All right, let's get to the news and we'll start with the economy where Donald Trump is doubling down on his message that Americans just need to suck it up and sacrifice for the sake of his Majesty's trade war. Especially our kids who've frankly been spoiled with too many dolls, pencils, and strollers. It's got a point.


The president sat down for pencils. Who's the worst of pencils? Pencils is such a day we get into it. Where'd the fucking pencils come from? He Doesn't. He you think? You think he spent a lot of time down on the floor playing, playing with the kids. He doesn't know what the toys Are. Think we still have the sharpeners that you're, that you could do this to. And maybe if most people don't even know what I'm talking about, If we did have those, maybe things wouldn't be so fucking fucked up. Okay. Well's, get kids doing this's. Yeah, there you go. Make America the sharpener. You're in the Make America Great again camp there. He's Not totally wrong. All right. Okay. There you go. Sounded more like your dad every day. Alright. Or a Maga curious podcast. Wait until we get to the movie Tar. I know, I Know. All right. President sat down for a long meet the press interview where Kristen Welker asked him about the recession predictions that have accompanied his tariff policy.


Here's a sampling of his answers. Is it okay in the short term to have a recession? Remember this? Look. Yeah. It's, everything's okay. Are you worried it could happen? Do you think it could happen? Anything can happen. When does it become the Trump economy? It partially is right now, and I really mean this. I think the good parts of the Trump economy and the bad parts are the Biden economy. Are you saying that your tariffs will cause some prices to go up? No. I Think the tariffs are gonna be great for us because it's gonna make us rich. But You said some dolls are gonna cost more. Isn't that an acknowledgement that some prices will Go up? I don't think, I don't think a beautiful baby girl needs that's 11 years old needs to have 30 dolls.


I think they can have three dolls or four dolls. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five. That's so true. Just in case anyone thought he might have misspoken there. Here's what Trump said when asked about this again on Air Force one Sunday night, A young lady and 10-year-old girl, 9-year-old girl, 15-year-old girl doesn't need $37. She could be very happy with two or three or four or five, right? I would, I would. Let's not waste a lot of time. Question. What else? I'd like Americans to look at an industry, lift it up and ask themselves, does it spark joy?


Him just listing off the ages of girls just creep me out. Especially That voice older And older. The number of dolls, the number of pencils, the ages of the girls. It's just changing everything he's doing. It's weird. He's doing a weave on this one 15 year olds with dolls, but isn't, it's not the part that's gotten the most attention. But when she said you'd be okay with the recession, yeah, everything's okay. It'd Be okay. Which I think really nails his mindset. It mindset. It's a philosoph Right now. I know There, when he goes more than anything else, he Becomes, I I really, when he becomes a kind of sagelike figure. Yeah. Which is we're all a bit too materialistic in the long run. We're all dead. Yes. Kind of vibe. It's interesting. What do You guys make of Trump's insistence on sticking to this message? Are you surprised he's not just saying there won't be any recession or pain or need for sacrifice?


The guy is like not exactly known for telling hard truths. Yeah. I I, there, I think there's a couple parts of it. Part of it is like, it's not dumb to do a little expectation setting when you know your tariff policy is gonna create some, at least rocky shores financially in the short run. But then he's betting that blaming Joe Biden for everything, whether it's tariffs, the economy, Ukraine, immigration, Gaza, all of it is some sort of get outta jail card, free card. And so, I don't know the the, when he gets to the 30 dolls verse three dolls, he doesn't, it's so tone deaf. 'cause he doesn't realize that there are kids who can currently only afford three dolls. Mm. Right. Who will have zero dolls. That's the part he can't compute. And I don't know if you, if you guys saw this when people were posting a bunch of photos of his kids when they were younger.


Mm. Like driving around like little toy mercedeses and things and like every toy you could ever imagine. Yeah, of course. That's the money is love with him. I think he's, he knows, he knows how to buy his kids $30. Yeah. I, I can't. So first of all, him saying the good parts of the economy are me and the bad parts of the economy are Joe Biden. That's a joke he's made Rio. Like, that's what we were all joking about. It's incredible that he's just saying it out loud. I I can't tell on the 30 Donalds front. It, it seems like he knows, he kind of fucked up and didn't say something exactly politically useful. And now he can't, he can Let, he can never Back down. He can't back down. Interesting. It's true. I, I'm sort of with Tommy's point. I think he's just, I know this is like perfect democratic messaging, but I think he's genuinely out of touch.


You know? I mean, he's he's always outta touch. But like, this is like a, this is Lucille Bluth, not Lucille with the Luc with the candies. Yeah. Yeah. This is Lucille Bluth with the I know. Lucille Bluth. What is it? Well, this was from last, so call back from last. I get it. I get it. With the one banana. Michael, what Could it Cost? Yeah. What could it cost? $10. The man covers everything he sees in gold. He's covering the, the Oval Office ceiling in gold. The whole thing looks, it's all covered in gold. Now he's talking to Kristen Welker in another segment in that same interview about building a new ballroom in the White House. He's throwing himself a military parade for his birthday. Like the guy just, he, he has no, he's not anywhere close to in touch with what people are going Through. Yeah. There was a, somebody tracked down what the objects were that have been attached to the Oval Office walls.


And it turns out, it seems like they just sent someone to Home Depot Yes. To buy kind of little spray painted o objects to attach to the wall. Little like lawn decorations. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Can I just make a request to Kristen Welker, whoever gets to interview Donald Trump for an hour next, the 10th time he complains. Just can someone just say to him, sir, do you ever get tired of just constantly whining about the media? He was so whi whining questions. He's such a little bitchy little baby. He's like, you never ask the night, you never say things like the economy's doing. Some companies are doing great. Right. And this is who happened. I'm like, yeah. Because she's not one of the fucking, it doesn't work for you Right. Wing influencers that you let into the briefing now to ask you all the questions. Right? He, yeah.


He says, you never stop. You never take a moment in these interviews to stop asking questions and to just praise me. Right. Never Did. Which is, which is, that's the tone what, what he has become accustomed to. Yes. Not only from his staff now, but from the reporters that he faces every day. They all praise him. Yeah. It's, And so do foreign leaders and so do business people. Everyone is praising him now because everyone's either they're afraid of him or they wanna suck up or they're looking out for themselves. So he's, it's very rare that he is challenged. Well, It, it is and it isn't. Right. Because on the one hand, yes, he's sort of pushing AP and Reuters aside to make Room for Right Wing Gazette and Marjorie Taylor, Greene's boyfriend, just to, to slather on the love with him. But he is sitting down for a ton of interviews with combative reporters over and over again.


And, you know, we, but He seems genuinely surprised every time. Like each time one of the massive challenging question. Yeah. So like Terry Moran just blew his big break Yeah. By asking a challenging question about a brand. Yeah. It's a shame. Back to the miners for you, Terry Moran Terry, I chose you. 'cause I didn't know who he was. He didn't know who he was. He didn't know who he was so Incredible, incredible Former congressman Tre Gowdy said on his Fox News show didn't know until this, that he still has a Fox News show. That Trump should triple down on this message with an Oval Office address, where he'd presumably talk more about why our kids need to give up their dolls and pencils. Carl Rove had a very funny response to that. I think we have a clip. So I thought it was really problematic when he said, well, you know what, the kids, you know, those little girls at Christmas, they don't need 30 dolls.


They can do it too. And if they have to pay a couple more bucks for 'em, you know? Okay. Well it sounds like Mr. Scrooge, Carl Ro. Yeah. It's also, you know, boys play with dolls and obviously that's not the most important part of this, but, you know, and shout out to the little boys out there who want doll for Christmas and Very few young children use pencils. No, none do. It's, it's weird that Tre Gw, he's kind of become a voice of reason. He opened that segment criticizing Trump for talking about invading Greenland in Canada. And then Rove made some smart points. I thought. He talked about how Trump hadn't visited the border yet. Why hasn't he visited the border? It's the only thing you seem to care about, sir. Why wouldn't you just go to the border and take some credit? The Oval Office addressed idea.


It's absolutely stupid. Oh, I disagree. It's An antiquated understanding of the media. I wanna say Trump would own US Libs so hard. You wonder if he gave a primetime Oval Office address on why Americans must sacrifice more for his trade war. It's, I wanna see it out. Stephen Millers can outright you too. Yeah, Please don't do it. Don't do it. You'll get us, Steve. Yeah, we'll be gone. It's so like this idea that like, no, no, like we need to sacrifice for fucking what? For what? It's Sacrifice to make ourselves poor and other nations poor, poorer, and basically everyone poorer To sound good. Lemme Put it that way. Let's, that is the goal, I guess, sacrifice so that Donald Trump can, as he's told the Atlantic, run the world and everyone has to beg him for exemptions and this and this deal and that deal.


He just wants to be the center of everything. I guess It's just sort of like, hey, like we're gonna have a couple Christmases with more expensive dolls because in a few years they'll be American made dolls. Is that, is that what we're meant to, like what, I guess so from their own point of view, what is the sacrifice for, it's just not clear. No. Also, Rove said that the Pope Photoshop was very offensive as our resident Catholic. Were you seeing a lot of chatter about Catholics upset about that Photoshop thing? Hang on your paper. Secret chance. No, I just think there's, just so, there's so much to be offended by. Even, even if you're a devout Catholic, there's so much to be offended by from Donald Trump that I don't think the, the image of the Pope is gonna do much, I would say, especially if you're a devout Catholic. Right. But it's, But it is your religion.


For example, For example, his, his immigration policy, his his, his policy towards the poor. Yeah. They Tend to trade all that stuff for the, the cruelty to people they don't like, you know, and the Big hats. Not, Not, not, not Pope Francis, the our Steve Pope, but the, I I talked with Dan on the YouTube who made fun of me for saying the YouTube like Chuck Schumer, he should, but I don't care. But snap face, like, I, I think it's, there are all these dumb things that Trump is doing that are worth making fun of. I do think when it tilts over into it's gonna cost him the Catholics in Ohio, because it's just so offensive. It's like, are you offended? Or you just hoping people are offended? Like, I don't know. Yeah. I was just surprised to hear Rove say it. And there's someone, Fox News asked Trump about it today in the press briefing.


So I just didn't know if there was a critical mass of angry Catholic Photoshop gates. Yeah. How Be, there's a, there's a few conservative Catholics that are like this. This is what's going too far. This has gone, you know, JD Vanek, it's a, thinks it's a joke and just use the opportunity to attack Bill Crystal for the Iraq War. So It's like, how bad of a photo could it be? It is a costume you can buy at Spirit Halloween. I will say that JD Vance, he really like stopped posting for a while and I thought maybe like, maybe Usha said to him, like, you gotta stop posting so much. But he's back. I think he just took a, he was, he was traveling. Must have taken a break. 'cause the last, last 48 hours, he's been, he's getting into it with Bill Crystal. He's, he's posting about all kinds of shit. I think all of them, they kind of like, remember in, in the 2008 campaign, bill Burton told all us little young comm staffers that we had to call 10 reporters before 10:00 AM I think they have to pick like 10 Twitter fights before 10:00 AM with annoying libs.


And that's just kind of how this white US operates. You know? Have you figured out a way to post in the shower yet post in the, there's only a few last kind of frontiers for you While You're sleeping, posting while you're sleeping. I'm sorry. Excuse me. I saw you posting about all kinds of movies today. I'm sure we're gonna get that. Sure. You're warming up a take for here. Absolutely. Okay, great. Great. That's where I put all, that's why, that's where I, that's where I work things out. Just Gonna wave you in that glass house over there. Scott Besant close three times a week. Scott Cent was out here in LA on Monday. Just a fortuitous time for him to be here talking to investors at the Milken Conference. This came after he wrote a piece in the Wall Street Journal about Trump's economic strategy. Besson's taken a sunnier approach. He's telling everyone that we're close to making trade deals. The economy's gonna be humming during the second half of 2025.


I don't know. It does feel like this is a play to like calm the market mark to calm the market. See, that was so unbelievable. Just went back to south Calm the markets in the short term. I don't know if it's the best long term strategy or maybe it just doesn't matter. What do you guys think? Yeah, it just seems like clean up because steps one and two are undoing the damage from what they've already done. It's like Yeah, step first, first things first. I want you to stop worrying about all the harm we've already caused. We're in the process of trying to unwind some of that harm. Yeah. Step two is the tax cuts we've already been talking about for months. And step three is a bunch of, I guess, kind of AI server farms. I guess that's something to look forward to, right? The Policy is like white label Republican policy. It's like tax cuts and deregulation and then these stupid tariffs that are causing all the problems.


Lemme read you one line from this op-ed though. Mr. Trump intends to usher in the most prosperous decade in American history, but not at the cost of the spiritual degradation of the working class. Did that give you a bit of, like a Joey, a job is about more than a paycheck. I feel like that was an edit from the VP's office, huh? Because that's the, that's the, he's going into the sort of right wing view that like we must bring the manufacturing back because the jobs we have now, this is like the Gen Z boss and a mini Yeah. Discourse. This is email, jobs make you gay, Email jobs make you gay. Oh, okay. Right. We're just got it. We're all too materialists except for the crypto. Except those guys are cool. Except for Yeah, and except for all the, the billions that we have. But otherwise, everyone's too materialist. And what we need is to be making the iPhones and making the shoes again Best.


Was it Goldman Sachs? I believe You're right. Yeah. Be Yeah. All These rich people. Yeah. These are all the wealthiest people On, as an Agent Soros agent as Elon Musk called him. Oh, Bestin is the most upright person I've ever seen. Sorry to interrupt. I he almost leaned backwards. I was gonna say not. Yeah, he's stepping over, he's stepping over this way. Yeah. He's a, he's a southern gay. They have great posture. You have to, you have to if you're gonna be a southern gay. Anyway, the the, yeah, I was going to like, this is, comes back to Trump talking about the dolls. And I do think it's kind of his hamfisted heard it during a meeting JD Vance thing about like the kind of, it's a Thing to Yeah, It's a spiritual crisis thing. We need to get back to making things in real work. Yeah. Yeah. I'm wondering if, like, as Bessant was landing in LA and saw the Hollywood sign outside of the, the plane window, he saw the truth post from Trump Sunday night.


That was a little bit of a surprise where Trump announced that he would be expanding his trade war to the entertainment industry. President posted that our movie business is dying a very fast death as other countries steal our entertainment jobs and make films that are just quote, messaging and propaganda. So he's directing his administration to implement, quote, a 100% tariff on any and all movies coming into our country that are produced in foreign lands. Foreign lands is title case. Trump was asked about this in the Oval on Monday. Here's what he said. Our film industry has been decimated by other countries taking him out. And also by incompetence, like in Los Angeles, the governor's a grossly incompetent man.


He's just allowed it to be taken away from, you know, Hollywood. Hollywood doesn't do very much of that business to have the nice sign and everything's good, but they don't do very much. How about this guys? How are we, how's, how's it gonna work? How are we gonna tariff the movies? Yeah. I don't, it's hard when a lot of them come in through ones and zeros. It's hard to figure out where to put the little tax bill. Yeah. When I saw this story, I, I swear the first thing I thought was, this is John Voight's fault. I really did. I was like, John Voight. And it was, and it, and it turned out it really was that, Although not really, apparently he met with John Voight. But did you read, and it was either deadline or, I can't remember which of the, the trades it was deadline. John Voight talked to him about bringing production back and the tax incentives.


But it said that he did not propose the tariffs. No, no, No. I, my assumption is that John Voight has been taking these meetings to try to figure out there is a genuine problem, which we can talk about. But that he has been, like, as Trump's ambassador to Hollywood, been trying to figure out what to do about how to try to bring, about, how to bring production back to the United States and to Los Angeles specifically, which is really important in a serious problem. And I'm sure he talked to Donald Trump about it. And then it kind of went through the fucking Rube Goldberg's contraption to Trump's brain. It came out with, we're gonna tariff 100% tar. And then at some point that will be kind of squeezed through some fucking broken, chaotic policy process. And emerge as his victory, his whatever real policy ultimately lands at the end of it. That is not going to be a tariff on films made in foreign lands, whatever the fuck that means.


Is it films? Is it TV two? Is it, is it some of the production overseas? Is it all of it? Is It where You shoot? Is it where the production company is? None of this makes Sense. Yeah. The, the, so what's happening right now is over the, there's, there has been a strike. There was a pandemic had a terrible impact on the film industry and television industry in California. And the United States over the last decade or so, lost a ton of production from California to other parts of the US And collectively the United States has lost a lot of production to Canada, Australia, Europe, uk, and the uk. And it's a, it's a genuine emergency. I do think California government has been slow to respond, but right now they really are genuinely responding.


Karen Bass has been talking about this ways to make it easier to shoot in Los Angeles. She's a little bit hamstrung because it actually is a big state issue. But they are trying to dramatically increase the amount of money that goes towards subsidizing production through the tax code, increasing the number of the types of productions that are eligible to receive it. All of which will go a long way. Because the, the real crisis is that there's a ton of people that live in California who are the best at what they do in making television and making film. They live here because things were produced here, and fewer and fewer productions are taking place here. And a lot of the recovery that happened after the pandemic, after the strike has gone elsewhere. Not just to New York or to Atlanta, to to Georgia, but also to, to other countries.


And it's not wrong to say that California democrats collectively have been slow on this, but they're on it. They really are genuinely trying to figure out how to fix it right now. But It's also a policy question where to be on it is to, like you said, offer tax incentives, change the tax code, whatever else. Tariffs are a fucking terrible idea. Especially since, you know, one of, one of the many explanations, rationales for the trade war has been the trade deficit. Right? On this instance, we export three times more content than we import in this country. So if we went the tariff fruit at all, other countries might start saying, okay, we don't wanter. We're gonna, we're gonna put tariffs on American movies in American production to come here.


It's, yeah, I mean, Trump throws out ideas and we all sound insane. Trying to make sense of them happens. Yeah. Stupid. I have a few thoughts. One industry, one soul. Not, not industry, always industry, industry, trying to be insane. I know two, he's calling it a national security emergency. He's trying to do this. I think they're floating doing this under the typical a EPA, the, the, the legal authority that they're doing all the other terrorists, which would mean he's declaring a, a TV and film national emergency, which is just so stupid. Again, just to make fun of how stupid, this is also the Gavin Newsom approach, as you said. Love it. It's to increase the tax credit from 330 million to seven 50 million annually to try to bring back some of these productions to, to the LA area, to the Hollywood area.


But I was talking to someone in Gavin's office today, and they're like, yes, we have to do that part for Paramounts, but we also need to do more for like the person who works craft services on these productions and help them find more affordable housing, better schools, better services. So they're trying to think of it in a more holistic way. And Trump's just like, I don't know, tariff it. Yeah. The, the, at the core of this is, yes, there's just, we need to be competing on the tax structure to get more production here. But there's also just bureaucratic hurdles that need to be lifted that have to do with like, you know, a lot of long running problems in California. And it's just fucking expensive to be in California. Which goes to the deeper problem we have about not building enough housing, not building enough transportation. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm just a little, The recline has entered the chat. Abundant Aza.


Are we abundant? What Are you saying about the word industry? He says industry. Oh, I see. And it drives me crazy There. He said it was the one that, the clip we just played. That was the worst I've heard Industry. Yeah. Film industry. Film Industry. Film industry industry. Very Odd. Makes you saying it like, are you saying indu and you want it to be indu? You want it to be industry. Industry just quick, Right? Be you want it to be aact. I I want it to be, I don't know better. It's interesting. You don't know which way this is gonna go. He said, I don't wanna hurt the film industry, which the film industry believe they would be hurt by this. So either some of them will come in and meet with them and then he'll you make something up or some Hollywood stars will go out there and yell about it and he won't like them. And then he'll get dug in further and then we'll have a thousand percent terrify. Well, But this, This would, you never Know, this would kill like a Disney for example.


'cause they make the Marvel movies and the Star Wars movies in England. So if those movies are getting tariffed at a hundred percent, they are screwed. Yeah. There's a, there look, there's a ton of, the other part of this too is like, like the production star. Same problem with the fucking tariffs coming on and off and being so chaotic like every other industry. It takes months, years to plan these things to be shot when they're gonna be shot. Do you know how hard it's to get on fucking the schedule of, of some of these actors, right? They're busy. Yeah, they're Busy people. I'm sure you know who didn't have a good morning is Ted Sarandos because Netflix, most of their production is overseas. Their Stocks all went down like a couple percent. I mean they recovered because one day everyone realized It was made up. But it's all so fucking stupid.


Pod Save America is brought to my magic spoon. Magic spoon makes high protein, zero sugar cereal in treats reinvented from your childhood. The nostalgia, love magic spoon been eating magic spoon for, I don't know, five, six years now. That's the only cereal that I that I'll have. And they've got the treats. Magic spoons, high protein treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. I grab those when I'm walking out the door. They come in mouthwatering flavors like marshmallow chocolate, peanut butter and dark chocolate. I'd recommend the chocolate peanut butter granola magic spoons, brand new granola packs and 13 grams of protein and zero added sugars. They come in delicious flavors like dark chocolate almond, honey almond and peanut butter. And there's also, you know, the, the cereal itself. You got the original, you got some cocoa, you've got some peanut butter, which is pretty good. There's birthday cake. Don't sleep on the birthday cake. It's pretty good. Get $5 off your next order at magic spoon.com/crooked. Or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/crooked for $5 off.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day. The opportunity to just sleep in and dream of perfectly folded laundry. There's no better way to compliment mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jared Jewelers, A sparkling diamond penant necklace, or even gold hoop Bess. Perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jar Now get 20% off storewide for Mother's Day. Exclusions apply. See store for details.


One person who may get richer because of Donald Trump's trade war. Donald Trump, we have a quick corrupt date for you all. We've talked a lot on the show about how the Trump family is basically inviting people to bribe them through their world Liberty financial crypto business. While the Huffington Post reports that a company called FR eight Technologies which handle shipping logistics for trade between the US and Mexico raised $20 million in financing to buy $20 million worth of the Trump meme coin. Makes sense. A move that the company's hoping will be a quote effective way to advocate for fair, balanced and free trade between Mexico and the US Just said it. Just put a statement out saying that again. The Trump family owns the majority of the Trump coins and they get a cut of every transaction fee.


So this is just a naked form of bribery right out in the open. Meanwhile, Trump's headlining a MAGA Inc Super PAC dinner at one of his golf clubs in Virginia Monday night for quote unquote crypto and AI innovators. The price tag $1.5 million ahead. Kristen Weer became one of the first journalists to ask Trump about his crypto dealings during his meet the press interview. Let's listen. You've Branded your own crypto cryptocurrency. The coin's values actually surged recently after you announced that top holders would be invited to have dinner. I don't even Know that. What it surge to To What did it surge to? Yeah. What's it worth? You might as well tell me 'cause I have no idea.


Well, 14 point 32 What? Billion per No dollars per cryptocurrency. Billion Dollars. No, but lemme just ask you, what do you say to those who argue that when they hear that they worry you're profiting from the presidency? I'm not profiting from anything. I'm just, all I'm doing is, you know this, I started this long before the election. You are not profiting off of the cryptocurrency. I Haven't even looked. Has your Family, I'll tell you what, look, if I own stock in something and I do a good job and the stock market goes up, I guess I'm profiting. But who really profits to somebody like Nancy Pelosi who uses inside information Got her.


Do you, you think it's plausible he's not paying attention to any of this? Absolutely no chance. I was talking to someone in the crypto industry today who said they believe that Trump's family is probably made around a billion dollars in cash from their crypto ventures. We're not talking about unrealized gains of the coins. We're talking about like transaction fees on the meme coin. So they, you get fees, as you just said, when they buy and sell the meme coin, they Think they made that much just on the transaction. Yes. Wow. And also when you buy and sell the World Liberty financial tokens, the Trump family's entitled to 75% of net revenue on those token sales. And the family owns 60% of the company itself. And by the way, there's like zero upside for the people who buy these tokens. You don't get any profits. You don't get to trade them.


It like makes no sense. And also in that interview he's like all up, he's like, we started this long before I, I ran for office. They started the company in September of 2024. It was right before the election. I mean this whole thing, it's like, it, it, it, the Grif is so, is staggering. Yeah. And, and by the way, we just, we also like all of that is an estimate. We don't know that there aren't people just like putting, just giving him no idea, giving him money. Like there could be huge amounts that are just being just directly transferred to him into his wallet. We'll have no idea. There's no way to know that. He could just, someone can go to the Oval and just show him their phone and be like, look, I, look what I gave you. The only thing that's surprising is that Freight technologies is so far the only company that we know of that has just spent $20 million Wow.


To try to influence him on the trade. To get an exemption for the trade war. To influence the trade policy. 'cause I imagine if the tariffs stay in place, we'll be seeing a lot more of that, right? Yeah. I mean that's the only one on the trade war. But there's a, a far more egregious example that's out there. So there's, there's Emirati state owned investment firm called MGX. The president of the firm is like the, the president of the UAS brother or something runs the company. They wanna make a $2 billion investment into Binance, which is the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange. And one that has gotten into a lot of legal trouble in the United States because they were allowing people to like money launder, evade sanctions criminal behavior, which is like the wild wild west. And the company paid $4 billion to the government because of that.


And the, the CEO did jail time. So MGX wants to buy a piece of Binance for, instead of doing it in cash for absolutely no reason, they are purchasing $2 billion worth of Trump's stable coin. It seems like some reason, the Only reason is curring favor with the administration. 'cause presumably it will cost them more than $2 billion. 'cause there will be a transaction fee on the purchase of the stablecoin. So that one transaction will make Trump stablecoin one of the biggest stable coins in the world. And I think world liberally will probably get paid on both sides because they'll probably get a fee when you buy the stablecoin from them. And then normally the way these stable coins are supposed to work is they're supposed to be backed by something which they use to peg the value of the stablecoin to like $1.


So presumably they'll buy treasury bonds or something and then they'll get the interest on those. And by the way, that's like the safest version of this scheme. We don't know that they'll actually buy treasuries 'cause we don't know how this works. So again, this Emirati state owned company is just going to buy $2 billion worth of Trump coin for no reason. None the stable coin. The Trump stable coin will eventually be pegged to the Melania stable coin. Right. And it'll just be one, one. And You know what? The American people are getting pegged. Hey, that's what's happening here. Yeah. I wish. You know what I mean? The doesn't but what were we talking about are the Pegging? No, but the, the, I was, I was thinking about this too, which is like, there's this kind of, I don't know, this feeling of like they're openly corrupt and this kind of feels like, okay and then because Republicans and Congress don't care, it leads to nothing.


And I do think we need to be talking about this because I think it's really important. I do think people really care about this just for the politics of it. This is important to our politics. But I think long term we need to be thinking about how do we, how do we start talking about a, like these are crimes. People are, are committing at federal crimes every day all the time. And just because your friends are doing it doesn't mean it's not a federal crime. Just 'cause everybody's applauding in the ballroom doesn't mean you're not part of a federal crime. But then you have to also assume that Donald Trump is gonna use the pardon power that they're gonna try to find ways to, to, to wiggle their way out of this. And it would be, I think a lot about that, that Jonathan last piece around Pascal's wager and the bet that Democrats will never seek retribution and will behave really responsibly and always try to look forward.


And we really do need to start talking about what we will do to investigate these crimes and make these and, and look back and make sure people pay a price for having been brazenly and openly corrupt, even if Republicans won't do It. So that the crypto industry will then dump a couple hundred million dollars on that Democrat who said they'll investigate the crimes in the next election. Yeah, it Is a tough, it's, we should talk about that. It's, Yeah, it's tough, but I mean, well look, we can, how much does that money get you? Right? Like we just went through a, a round of, of, of in Wisconsin where Elon's money could not buy them a suit, right? Yeah. Like we have to, we have to try. We have to try. Well, Senate republicans have been trying to pass a bill with new rules on the stable coins that they thought had enough votes from more procr senate Democrats to pass.


They had enough to pass until nine of those Democrats just announced over the weekend led by Reuben Gallego that they'll oppose the legislation. Republicans were reportedly stunned by this news. Are you guys stunned by this news? No, I mean, I I the, the politics are complicated for the reason you just mentioned. 'cause I think the, the crypto industry spent like $130 million last cycle on either procr candidates or to target anti crypto Democrats. Even ones who were not anti crypto at all, their number one target was she brown former center from Ohio. I think that one crypto Pac spent 40 million to defeat him. And that was like their head on a pike to send a message. And I've been told by someone today that getting she brown is like a, is a verb now on Capitol Hill.


And so Lutnick Howard Lutnick and David Sax were trying to ram this crypto bill through Congress. Democrats, I think were trying to figure out how to like be for something. 'cause they don't, there there's like, there's not just the crypto money, but then there's a constituency that likes crypto that thinks it's exciting, that thinks traditional financial services are broken and rigged against 'em. And they're not wrong. But we don't need like a worse version backed on the blockchain. Right. And like getting that message through was really hard. But I think what happened here is Trump's stable coin corruption with the UAE was so brazen that even the member, the Democrats who were for this in committee were like, okay, we can't do this right now because this would essentially allow, like Trump put out an EO saying he has control of independent financial regulators and this bill would give him the authority to regulate the stablecoin market as he's entering it.


And like that is just insane. And it would also give big tech companies the ability to issue stable coins. So you would see like, oh, Jesus X coin on from Elon Musk or like Libra I think was the version that came out of Facebook. And so that They, that they stopped. They Stopped. They stopped. Because traditionally, like there, there was an effort in like 2005, someone was reminding me that Walmart basically tried to launch a bank and like we tried to keep those two things separate 'cause it's really bad. But now the outcome of this bill passing in a, in a bad form would be, you would have like bank-like companies performing bank-like services with no banking regulations. Also you get, It's crazy, you get one bite at this apple on legislation and you know, Gallego was saying, he's like, they should not have been stunned. We worked with them for weeks and months to try to make the provisions in this bill have real teeth and like have real regulation.


He's like, and then the version that showed up on the floor didn't have like, it was just weakened. He's like, so I'm, he, he, he was saying he is like, I'm happy to continue working with them to make it stronger, but like don't, you're not, they're not gonna water down a crypto regulation bill at the same time that the president is just, you know, inviting people to bribe him. You look, there's a, there's a nuanced debate I suppose around crypto, around the techno, the blockchain technology, the ways it can make life better. There are are genuine applications, but the concern voice from the beginning is this is gonna be a tool for crime and corruption. It is currently the most brazen and grand corruption tool in the history of our country. That's it. I don't, unless, I mean, I don't know if, if have you guys are experiencing day-to-day the, the benefits of the blockchain, but, but what I'm seeing is the most corrupt administration in history using it to enrich themselves to the tune of billions of dollars.


Donald Trump never been a billionaire maybe for, you know, whether or not Donald Trump's ever been a billionaire. He is one now because of, of just complete and total corruption because of crypto. Yeah. So the Democrats on the committee like Elizabeth Warren, they're trying to improve the bill by being like, hey, what if it said the president and members of Congress can't get into the stable coin business? How about that? Or like, big tech can't either, or we gotta apply consumer protections to stable coins. But I think the Republicans on the committee are trying to exempt stable coin regulations from the CFPB for example. So there's all the consumer pre protections are gonna go out the window. Yeah. And they can't cross the administration or the Trump family in any way because Right. They, they're, they're there to serve. But like The rein guy who goes to the world, like I, I understand that people are trying to work on this stuff in good faith, but like at the end of the day, the crypto industry fucking hates you.


Right? Yeah. Like it is run by people like Mark Andreessen who have a radical libertarian vision of the world. They view you as the enemy. They will not think twice about dumping tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars on your head in the next election and just go in there eyes wide open. Yeah. 'cause like you're not saving yourself from these people. Trump also made plenty of news over the weekend on Meet the Press and elsewhere regarding his continued attack on the Constitution. Particularly its separation of powers and amendments, protecting free speech due process and the right to counsel. Those Are big, those are big ones. Yeah, those are big ones. Those Are, those are some, those are big ones. I didn't even mention Tier parts of the Constitution. I don't even mention cruel and unusual punishment. I probably should put that one in too. Here he is answering a question about defying court orders. Your Secretary of State says everyone who's here, citizens and non-citizens deserve due process.


Do you agree Mr. President? I don't know. I'm not, I'm not a lawyer. I don't know. Well, the Fifth Amendment sets as much. I dunno. It seems, it seems it it might say that, Don't you need to uphold the Constitution of the United States as president? I don't know. I have to respond by saying again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said. What you said is not what I heard the Supreme Court said. They have a different interpretation. Yeah. Steven Miller has a different interpretation. He is not a lawyer on the bright side. Trump did say that running for a third term in 2028 is quote not something he's looking to do. And then he name dropped vice president JD Vance and surprisingly national archivist, Marco Rubio, who currently holds three other titles as well.


Secretary of State, U-S-A-I-D administrator, and now National Security Advisor. Big shoes for little Marco to fill. So Trump's now using this talk to my lawyer's answer every time he gets a question on disobeying the courts. What do you guys make of that? It seems like he went to, I have to talk to my lawyer's answer too quickly. Like he was still processing her previous sentence when he got to like, you know, you have to uphold the Constitution, right? He's like, I gotta talk to my lawyers. It seems like, but wait, wait, wait. That's like a, you had took an oath. That's like what the, the first sentence of the oath? Yeah. I mean we, we sort of talked about this last week too. It it, it's the most beta passive aggressive way to start a constitutional crisis ever. Like the big strong man who says I alone can fix it, is now like, oh, I gotta, I gotta defer to my lawyers. You've been railing against the courts nonstop for years and now you're deferring them.


Yeah. That that's good point. This is just a, a simple difference of opinion on legal precedent. What are we talking about? Yeah, He's attacking the judges every day. Every day. He's like, he was at a, the rally in Michigan for a hundred days and he was like, the judges are taking your president's power away. But I defer to my lawyers. Right? Well, he Won't. Right? It's, they, it's the ts e with defying the orders. There's still look, they, they see Donald Trump sees all the polling and he can pretend it's not real all he wants, but he sees it. He knows that defying court orders deeply unpopular, deporting people that due process deeply unpopular. So when he's in front of Kristen Weger and he is asked directly about this, he does not want to come out and brazenly say he's gonna violate the Supreme Court. So he leaves it to Steven Miller to go out there and sort of rant about how the or the ruling really said it was nine oh in my favor.


And actually we are following the order because the order technically doesn't require us to do anything at all. And as Steve Miller did today, as a follow-up to this interview, said, no due processes for citizens. It is not for immigrants who aren't here legally. Which is just such a lie. Just a lie. Which is, it's a lie. It's been litigated for dozen, like hundreds of years of Well, it's a plain language in the Constitution It says persons, It says person, but even if you leave it to the courts to interpret person and what it means, right? The, the, the most recent ruling in April on Bgo Garcia, we even had fucking Alito and Thomas jumped in and said, yes, of course due process. He said then they, they said due process is afforded to all people. Immigrants were here legally or not as the government has agreed in this case.


The d Trump's own DOJ said that plus Rubio. And, but Miller's out there being like, no, it's not true. It's imagine like the, the counterfactual. Imagine if it were not the case, if you're a green card holder and the government could just threaten to punish you unless you what gave them money supported them politically. Like it doesn't make any sense. The, what Stephen Miller's argument is, is nonsensical. It's completely un-American. I mean the Washington Post did an investigation over the weekend, another one about Sea Cot and El Salvador and, and who ended up there and they found two people, at least two men were sent there. Even though they had already been approved as refugees for resettling. Four people were sent there even though they had legal protections for avoid being sent there because they had temporary protected status.


So already people who are here legally who had been, who had gone through a process here were sent to a foreign gulag. It, it we're only, only talking about Abrego Garcia. 'cause he's the only one that the government admitted in a court filing they sent mistakenly. It, it's so stupid on its face. Due process is for only people who deserve due process. Okay. How do you figure out who those people are? Well, you have to have some kind of a process. The process that they do, they're, The process is DHS decides now who, who's, who's a criminal, who's not. They have evidence, Trisha McLaughlin puts it out on, on Twitter and she said, we have plenty of evidence and intelligence. It said, this person's a danger. Say what is the evidence? They go, we're not gonna tell you It's, it even just at face value.


It is predicated on the fact that A, the government is acting good faith, and b, if the government makes mistakes, they'll try to rectify it. They're acting in despicable bad faith without regard for these people. And it is their official position that if they even that even when they admit a mistake, they have no ability or need to rectify it. So this is, this is dangerous. It's, it's so obviously dangerous on its face. You guys find that 2028 answer any more assuring than the previous comments on the topic. It's Real weird that he led with Rubio Rubio's, not Maga, he's just pretending his real beliefs are done. He wants to keep, he wants to keep the celebrity apprentice going. You know, he, He can't have JD Van's getting too high on his own.


Think that's, he's gotta make it. Everyone's gotta feel needy. They need the boss's approval. Look, you know, we're at the point where president of the United States is like joking around about violating the Constitution to stick around. He already tried to do that when he committed an insurrection. So, and then he got JD Vans doing interviews. It was like, this is classic Donald Trump humor. All right. This is the the funny guy we all know and love. He dresses up as the pope. He threatens to not leave office in a kind of kuta like that is fucking hilarious. That's a joke Scolds in the media. He just don't have a sense of humor. Yeah. JD Vsu, like his tone is either the most self-righteous, sanctimonious, insufferable prick you've ever met online.


Or like, why can't you take a joke? Man drives me Crazy. Legalize comedy, some good news from the courts. A federal judge, You know, had a great sense of humor. Who? Ashley Babbitt. Just cut that. I just thought the No, 'cause like she thought it was really funny when he was talking about staying in office. Remember when I remember Ashley Babbitt, she was so, she thought it was so funny when Donald Trump was joking around staying in office and so she went, she wanted to be part of the joke. So she went to the Capitol, right? I don't remember what if you were happy, but like, honestly that joke killed because if you remember Ashley Babbitt died. Oh my God. Oh my God. A bunch of people died at the Capitol. I'm so, I say leave it in. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


It's all funny. It's just really funny. He's a safari. He's funny. Yeah. JD got That one. Tax dollars are now going to payment to the settlement that the government has reached with her family now. Oh Yeah. This is just a funny joke. Oh yeah. Like you remember. That's what happened. Remember the insurrection? How how many We were laughing. Yeah. We're we're How funny it was. We're Also, we also All those people that died, We also have reparations for the Jan sixth con Party. It's just like, you guys don't know how to fucking laugh. Well That was 'cause they had those that that fire jam they put out. That's right. The Jan sixth choir. Yeah. The choir can't get the stream money.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Sundays. Sundays is fresh dog food made from a short list of human grade ingredients. Sundays was co-founded by Dr. Tory Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe. Sundays contains a hundred percent all natural meat and superfoods and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. Dog parents report noticeable health improvements in their pups, including softer fur, fresher breath, better poops, and more energy after switching to Sundays. Leo loves Sundays for dogs. It is a dry dog food, which is nice 'cause you know, those, the wet, the wetter dog foods. It's just very messy. And he does have better poops, I gotta say. As as I'm always monitoring his poops. Unlike other fresh dog food, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation because of their air drying process. Just pour and serve, cancel or pause your subscription anytime with their 14 day money back guarantee. Every order ships right to your door, so you'll never have to worry about running outta dog food again. Super easy to order, super easy to store and, and you just pour into a bowl. What more could you want? Get 40% off your first order of Sundays. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/crooked or use code crooked at checkout.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, Any way you bank.


All right. Some good news from the courts. Federal judge permanently blocked Trump's executive order targeting the law firm Perkins Cooey. Judge Beryl Howell said that the order itself was unconstitutional and opened her 102 page ruling with a line from Shakespeare. The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers, and wrote that quote, eliminating lawyers as the guardians of the rule of law removes a major impediment to the path to more power in not as good news. Trump renewed his pledge on Friday to take away Harvard's tax exempt status because it's, quote, what they deserve. Harvard's president, Alan Garber did an interview with the Wall Street Journal calling the Move Highly Illegal. And an unnamed Trump administration official did say the reporter that Trump's post did not constitute a formal directive Oh, okay.


To the IRS. Got it. Sure, sure, sure. You guys think that the Perkins win and Harvard's willingness to fight will maybe stiffen the spines of other law firms and colleges and institutions that trump's targeting. I, I hope so. I I think we've been, I think two things have happened that have made people realize that there's value in fighting. One has been seeing the positive response to the institutions that do fight and the fact that they're winning in court. The other is the relentlessness of Trump's attacks on the places that have compromised. Right. And the fact that once you capitulate to Trump, he doesn't leave you alone. Right. He's still, he's still going after a, b, C news. He's not gonna give them a break because they did their $16 million dirty deal.


You saw what He did to Terry. Yeah. He like, he Poor Terry. Poor Terry. He's Big Break still going after Columbia. That relentlessly gonna go after Columbia, even though they did this kind of a deal. So I, I think, and then all these demands that, that in interview after interview, he's basically saying that all these law firms that capitulated admitted guilt, admitted guilt, and then there are then, then some of their clients are starting to, to, to think about going elsewhere to report that. I think Microsoft Right, is thinking about leaving. I can't remember which one of these fucking interchangeable firms in my brain, they're gonna leave, but hopefully they're gonna start to see negative repercussions. So I think the combination of not getting what you think you're gonna get out of this deal, plus seeing the positive response to fighting can't, can't be anything but helpful. Obviously it was unconstitutional.


Right. Of course. Like, like you can't, you know, the judge, the judge the, was the, I mean, you know, I think the reason the judge would used such a dramatic language here, it's like she's like, I don't know. The first, the fifth, the Sixth Amendments violates all of those. Also, she made an example of the firms that capitulated is also part of the reason it was unconstitutional. 'cause she's like, well, the reason that, you know, it wasn't for, they didn't take, you know, that it, this executive order didn't target these firms for reasons that weren't political is because of the ones that capitulated suddenly didn't have the EO targeted at them anymore. Well, which is the same thing where, this is why the unnamed official said, you know, the, his post about Harvard, it's what they deserve.


That's not gonna hold up well in court on trying to roll back the Harvard's tax exempt status. And By the way, they didn't need the, they didn't need the fucking tweet or whatever true social post to make clear that this was targeting because Donald Trump has been talking about it and all the administration has been talking about it openly. By the way, there's tons of record in the negotiation between the administration and Harvard that we can't see. That would certainly come out. And by the way, even if you take it at face value, no, you can't make some claim that we are targeting Harvard because of antisemitism. And so, and therefore we are gonna del eliminate funding across a broad swath of research. That's like the definition of an unconstitutional First Amendment violation. Not just to liberal judges, but to conservative judges. The, the problem here right, is of course, it's unconstitutional.


The lawyers knew it was unconstitutional. Disney's lawyers, they're Lawyers because They're lawyers. Disney's lawyers knew that the case against fucking George Stephanopoulos was bullshit. They, they gave in. Right. Paramount knows that the, that the lawsuit against CBS is fucking bullshit. It's because they're saying it's not worth winning. They're saying it's not worth winning because Donald Trump is such a headache. Well, and also The, the, the heads of these law firms, I understand there were actual real business pressures. Like if you're ahead of a firm and you know, some other firm is trying to poach your clients because they think you can't represent them. 'cause you can't go into a government building. That sucks. I get that. But the head, the people doing these negotiations thought they could be cute and just agreed to do pro bono work on like helping veterans or stopping antisemitism. And Trump is like, actually you're defending the coal industry.


Yeah. Yeah. Here We go. Misconduct. The, the Q Anon shaman. Yes, Exactly. And like, look, the firms that capitulated publicly are getting most of the shit as they deserve. But you know, someone from Paul Weiss was saying, look, when we were first making the deal with Donald Trump or talking to Donald Trump, we were looking for allies. We were looking for people Yeah. Who would stand with us and say no, and what the people were, what our competitors were doing instead was poaching our, poaching our clients and taking our partners. That's Chris. Yeah. And I do, and I do think it was a like, and from going forward, now that we know that he's losing in court over this kinda shit, like all the colleges and universities, all the other law firms, other media places like should stand together and not be fucking afraid. Yeah. Harvard threw the first brie at Stone Wall.


I've always said that In Maine. Janet Mills, governor Maine, remember Trump yelled at her in the, in the governor's meeting because that he was gonna freeze funding and he tried to freeze funding in Maine education because she was not abiding by his trans policies and just one court. And, and the government had to back down and they unfroze the funding in Maine. So looks like he can take on Trump. Yeah. And not have to worry about it. Yeah. Let's, yeah. I mean, look, I I, yes. Until there's a fucking fire or flood or natural disaster. And like, I, I everybody should fight. But like, we should like, the, the point was never that these people thought they couldn't win in court. I think they all believed that they could win in court. It's just whether or not Donald Trump is gonna abuse his power and make like, difficult on other matters.


Right. Whether it's in Michigan, whether there's more He will and he will. And he will. And that's, but you have to Fight anyway. The Point is have fight anyway. That's why you need, that's, that is the purpose of collective action. Yes. Right. Like that is why you need to go find allies and you need to stand together because he is not as powerful if they all stand together. That's right. Of course, his favorite target is still immigrants. There are now multiple reports that the administration is looking at more places to deport people beyond El Salvador, including Libya, Rwanda, Angola, equatorial, Guinea, and Moldova. Even if the people who'd be deported to these countries have never stepped foot in them. Marco Rubio basically confirmed this last week saying quote, the further away from America, the better. Trump also hasn't forgotten about the people he calls our homegrown criminals in a Sunday.


Truth social post that seems to have caught everyone by surprise. Trump directed his administration to quote in all caps, rebuild and open Alcatraz because our country quote will no longer be held hostage to criminals, thugs, and judges that are afraid to do their job in the oval. On Monday, Trump talked at length about the inspiration behind his plan to reopen the notorious San Francisco prison facility. Let's listen. How Will you use it? How did you come up with the idea? Well, I guess I was supposed to be a movie maker. We're talking, we started with the movie Making or Will End. I mean, it, it represents something very strong, very powerful in terms of law and order. Alcatraz is, I would say the ultimate. Right? Alcatraz Sing, sing and Alcatraz, the movies.


And you look at it, it's sort of an, you saw that picture that was put out. It's sort of amazing. But it it sort of represents something that's both horrible and beautiful. Yeah. And strong and miserable. Weak. Mm. Ah, it's got a lot of, it's got a lot of qualities that are Interest. Contrast contains multitudes. I've always said that He's an artist. He's let him cook The, the independent reporter that Trump announced the Alcatraz reopening just a couple hours after Escape from Alcatraz aired on PBS. That's awesome. So causation is in correlation. But you know, it's, I would Like to imagine he's watching PBSI Think he's, he's got the John, he met with John Void. He's thinking about movies. He's got the whole Yeah. It, it's, I just hope they don't, they keep the tours.


I think they gotta keep the tour. It's a, it's a museum. I've been down outran, I've been been out there Over a million people a year. Go there. It makes money. There'd be a huge loss of tourist revenue. But also they close the prison in 1963 because it was three times more expensive than normal prisons. 'cause you have to take everything there by boat. Yeah. And also you have to take your sewage back by boat. It's really expensive. Stupid fucking cold ass boat ride. I, I remember we went in August and it was still cold. Oh, well that's San Francisco. That's San F guy. That's why I don't wanna Live there. I really, among other problems, a lot of fags. But the Jesus. But, but it's so funny, just like, again, you like propose this incredibly stupid thing and then you have to walk through. Well actually logistically, it's quite expensive. It's been a museum. It's a museum. It's a San Francisco museum.


Let's not turn this museum back into a prison because we are not, are you boys under the impression that we have a huge problem of people escaping from our jails? No. In fact, more people escaped from Alcatraz and escaped from any of our supermax prisons, which are perfectly fine. That have been nightmare, bigger, nightmare on land. Easier. He just needs to look. Democrats were not, are not fighting back enough on just, you know, him fighting regular crime. There always has to be another threat. Right. This is the whole, because he is an authoritarian. So we always have to be just on the verge of being overrun by criminals. Like we can put 'em in our supermax prisons forever if we want. Yeah. This one isn't even a threat to me. It's just like a headline grab.


It's like, I don't know, like Reopen al Alcaraz. I don't care at all. No, I like that tour. Yeah. It's a good tour. You're right. Its good. Kids go there, they get to walk around. I, I Was talking to someone in Gavin. It's A little bit strange when you think about it. It's A little Bit strange now that I think I, it's a thought about it. But, but, but Al Capone went there. Suffering tour. That's one. The titles. It is a great movie. The Clin Eastwood Movie. I was talking to someone in Gavin's office today about this, and I was like, have you seen any, like, economic assessments of what he's like, why are we talking about this? Seriously? This is not a serious idea. Also, the, but the Rwanda piece of tending migrants to Rwanda, I just wanna point out was a Boris Johnson idea from 2022. They were trying to send people who sought asylum in the UK to Rwanda, and then forcing them to go through their legal process. And if they're granted asylum, they would've to stay there.


So we're stealing this one from the floppy haired idiot across the pond. Libya, that's a good one. Just, we're just really, Really safe places. And so, and this is, you know, I like we are constantly conflating what he's doing to people by sending them to, to El Salvador. This would just be deporting people to this, to these places. And they, that would be where they'd have to rebuild their lives. And Presumably it would be because their home country wouldn't take them back. Correct. Although none of that makes sense. 'cause my understanding is that Venezuela is now taking deportation flights that leave out of Honduras. They just didn't want to send their planes to the United States because there was concern under the Alien Enemies Act that those assets could be seized by the US government and claimed under forfeiture Also over the weekend.


I, I believe this was part of the Washington Post reporting, the investigation is that it turns out they, their discussions with Venezuela were going, well, even when they ended up sending people to Secco, ELA was willing to take some Well, Yeah, Rick Grinnell, like a, like former human Twitter troll came to life, became a person, wanted to be Secretary of State, didn't get the job, but he was going down on these little missions to go see Maduro and trying to get back people, Americans who were in prison. And he tweeted, I think like the day they sent all these Venezuelans to El Salvador, that he had gotten a deportations agreement signed with the Maduro government. And it really is why, like, I don't like talking about this in terms of immigration. 'cause it's not about immigration.


It's not even about deportations. Even renditions is hard. 'cause renditions, like, they're trying to, they're trying to get intelligence out of the person. This is, this is Just literally either just Literally sending people to a prison for the rest of their lives in a foreign country based on no trial, no due process, nothing. And that's What it's, and as the, the, you know, Trump today is saying, oh, we're gonna give everybody a thousand dollars if they self deport. Oh, yeah. Right. Threatening to send migrants to countries that, that have no familiarity with. A lot of this is about scaring people. Yes, for sure. Terrifying people into not coming. And if they are here to leave, I, I think that's partly why they won't give an inch.


Even in these, even where they've already admitted, like in ARMRA Garcia, that case that they've made a mistake. It's all about instilling fear in people as a means of getting people to never come or leave. And there's just a, there's a dehumanizing aspect to this too, whether it's intentional or not. And I, I believe it's intentional, but I mean, there was some, there's some crime on the subway in New York, and they were all out there. Steven Miller, the White House, Caroline Levitt, like screaming at the New York Times for not detailing the person's immigration status, who committed the crime and like demanding that the New York Times. So now I guess every time someone commits a crime in this country, we need to know exactly what their immigration status is.


This is also behind the whole, he's not, he'll never be a Maryland man. He'll never be a Maryland father. He's the MS 13. So like, you can't even now say that immigrants who aren't here legally, you can't say like where they live in the United States or where they're from, or the fact that their parents, the only identifier has to be that they are illegal and not here. By the way, the, the crime that they were all tweeting about that happened in the New York subway was a man raping a corpse. Yes. And there, and the mega people were like, why did you say he was an illegal immigrant? I'm sorry, that's not, that's not the part of that story that burying the lead that that worries me the most. That's not the part that shocks my conscience. His immigration status. Also, if we're gonna, I mean, we're gonna start listing everyone's immigration status that commits a crime in this country.


It's not gonna look good for what they're trying to prove here. Right. Since, since that's not, since most of the crimes aren't, aren't, I'm talking An immigrant, well then wait and wait till they hear who commits crimes in women's restrooms. Right? Yeah. No, seriously. It's like, this is the, this is their playbook. Right? Like, if a crime is committed by one of their unsavory, that's really important. If it's not, it shouldn't be mentioned at all. It's bad. All right. We're gonna take a quick break to announcements.


Before we do that, we're got a new book from Crooked Media Reads. Our friend Amanda Lipman has written, when we in Charge, the Next Generation's Guide to Leadership. It drops next week, May 13th, Amanda's the co-founder of Run for Something. So she has more experience than almost anyone in helping young people get into leadership positions. She talked to a ton of people for the book. Everyone from Maxwell Frost to Teen Vogues versus Sharma. It's a fascinating book essential for anyone considering that next step. Interviewed Amanda a couple weeks ago on Pod Save America. You can pre-order the book right now at crook.com/books or wherever you get your books.


Also, some exciting Love It. Or Leave It shows coming up in la Ooh, What do We got? What do you think on May 8th? I, I believe you guys are gonna be at the Dynasty typewriter. We have a bunch of great shows lined up in la. We're gonna some surprise, very special guests will be at Dynasty typewriter this Thursday. Then next week we'll be at Flappers in Burbank. We have, I think Sarah Silverman. Yeah. And wait, you have it. Who else is gonna be there? Sarah Silverman, lamour mes. Oh, Lam lamour. Morris lamour Murs and Esther pki. Oh, great. That's be an awesome shot. That's great. That's a great shot. Yeah. So yeah, we're gonna be at Flappers Flap. That's a fun name I never even heard of Flappers. It's a comedy club. Cool. Grab your tickets now. Yeah. Tickets cricket.com/events when we come back. Tommy's interview with Chaston. Buttigieg


Pod Save America is brought to you by ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I have to make a choice. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's a buildup of this product, not dehydration. That's to blame her rough days After drinking Preh, alcohol produces an enzyme to break its byproduct down. Just remember to make Preh alcohol your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Loves ZBiotics. Try never to forget it. Every time I use it, feel great. The next day when I don't use it, definitely feel 43. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, like I just said, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on doing whatever without worry. Like reading the news, talking about the news Spring is here, which means more opportunities to celebrate warmer weather before drinks on the patio, that tropical vacation or your best friend's wedding. Don't forget your ZBiotics pre-cool drink. One before drinking and wake up feeling great the next day. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash cricut to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Crooked at checkout, ZBiotics is back with a hundred percent moneyback guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash cricut and use the code cricut at checkout for 15% off.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment. Whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


My guest today is the author of the new children's book. Papa is Coming Home, which is out May 20th. Right. But available for presale now. That's Right. Yeah. Chasten. Buttigieg. Great to see you. Nice to see you. You're Also the bestselling author of a young adult memoir called I have something to Tell You. Yeah. So folks can pick that one up too. Thanks. Thank you for making the trip to la. Happy to be here. I know it's not an easy thing when you have little kids at home. In fact, that's kind of the point of the book. Yeah. In a lot of ways. Yeah. I hope you don't mind if I give listeners just a little peek behind the curtain here. So I called Sure Chasten. Was it Monday night? We had just recorded Pat Save of America. Yeah. I called you at like four 30 Pacific. Yeah. And you would just put the kids down and we were kind of like commiserating over the battle that can be bedtime and like patting ourselves on the back for getting it done.


And I hear this adorable little voice in the back. It's like, daddy, who are you talking to? Yeah. Yeah. It was like the, the kids in the Shining. I turned around and they're just two twins standing around. I didn't even hear 'em come down the stairs. Just Jailbreak. Yes. And they're really into talking about our friends right now. Okay. So they'll be like, who are you talking? Are you talking to your friends? Or if we're FaceTiming one another, if I'm FaceTiming the kids back home, they'll, they'll say if, if I was FaceTiming 'em right now, they'd be like, can I see your friends? Even if I, they had not met anybody in this room. Sure. And they would have to say hello to everybody. I think that's good. I think that's great. Do they manipulate you at bedtime? The way my daughter does me. She's like, for extra seconds. Extra seconds.


Hours. Hours. Yeah. The other night, the other night, I, I think I'd read Lizette like 10 books. You know, like the stack just gets higher every single night. So I read through all the books. Hannah comes in to say goodnight. She has this little stuffed animal called Pink Lovey. It's a little The bunny, right? Yeah. We sleep with it every night, but we have like four of them because Pink Lovey gets like kind of nasty and you gotta wash pink Lovey. But God forbid you don't have pink lovey at bedtime. Yeah. So sometimes she'll tell us she wants not that pink lovey, but that other identical pink lovey. And she started to fake cry, but then halfway through made herself crack, crack Up. Oh yeah. Yeah. And we just like had this moment where we like all were laughing about knowing she was manipulating us and it was just like, how old is she? Funniest thing too.


Oh wow. Yeah. I'm done. I'm screwed. Yeah. She's got me just Our, the the floor around Gus's bed is like 30 stuffies. Yeah. And like, people just give them to you and they just keep giving them to you. And it's really hard to make 'em go away. And then, like, he doesn't have a favorite one though. So every night it's like, I want little bear. And like Sure. I have now learned that little bear is the tiny white bear. There's 15 bears in there. But of course it's always the one that you can't find. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's like, turn the lights back on, look onto the bed. Yeah. It's, it's a journey. So your book Papa is coming home. Yeah. It's a very sweet bedtime story about a young family welcoming dad home from a work trip.


Yeah. And by the way, I appreciate that you guys, the, the dog is like a fully fledged, you know, family member. I love that. That's how we are too. Yeah. Why'd you write the book and what's kind of the deeper message, you know, for the parent reading the book? Yeah, I mean, our, our kids are about to turn four. So it's weird to think that I wrote this book, I believe before they turned two. I was coming home from a work trip and had been thinking about writing a children's book because I had asked around for books that looked like our family. As you know, you read 15 books every night. It's like, it would be great if just one of those books featured a family that looked like ours. And we, and we came up short. There are a couple good ones out there. And it was also important to me that, you know, the lesson in the book was just a family loves each other, unconditional love for your child.


It wasn't kind of punching you in your face with like, the morals. Right. So I was on an airplane and, and the idea came to me how excited I was to get home and how excited my kids might be that, that I'm coming home. And that was it. I just wanted a, a, a nice sweet story, especially for bedtime. I was kind of thinking of, you know, the book that incorporates that message of unconditional love for your kid, but also with, you know, some silly things in there that they're gonna latch onto. Yeah. It's Very cute. I think, I think the little kids, they'll like the way the story escalates. Yeah. I don't wanna, I wanna ruin the ending for anybody. Yeah. They helped me write it. Right. Because there's so many things that they decide to bring to the airport to, to greet Papa with.


And, and that was fun to work with Gus and Penelope and I would workshop it and see if they'd giggle or not. Perfect. I Love it. Yeah. You know, you talk about the, the the need for representation in books like this. Yeah. Republicans, they love to make LGBT parents the focus of their attacks, their culture, war, like things. They're demagoguing. You and Pete get singled out in like very terrible ways by some of these horrible people. How do you deal with it? And is it, is that something you have to talk to your kids about? Well, luckily no. Right now, right. I can shield them from the internet. They're, they're only three, you know, we, we try in our house to leave the discourse at the door. It's very hard. It doesn't need to be at the, the dinner table.


It doesn't need to be in the minivan on the way to school. We don't need to be talking about, you know, negativity while our kids are around. Yeah. Like, and another thing about Tucker Carlson, Gus. Yeah. Well, like, you know, the kids are talking to you and there's like spaghetti flying at right at the dinner table. Right. It's like, Hey, did you see this crazy thing that, you know, Caroline Levitt decided to say? Say like, why does that need to be in our, our kitchen? Why does that need to be at our door? And I'm, you know, I'm, I'm no stranger to the attack, but I have always believed that the best thing that we can do for our community and our family is just to live our lives authentically. To show people who we are. We're just like every other family, you know, going about our day, reading 15 books at bedtime and, you know, there's probably a lot of applesauce and mac and cheese stuck to our kitchen table chairs Just like yours.


And to the dog. Yeah. The dog is buddy Loves it. Buddy's like a Roomba. Yeah. My Dog has gained 15 pounds probably. But her fur is just, you know, by means if you get her groomed. 'cause it's like, you know, there's constellations in there. Yeah. The book is coming out at a time when books like yours are being targeted, challenged, banned, taken to court. What is it like to debut this book while the Supreme Court is hearing this case, it's Mahmud versus Taylor, where parents are trying to pull kids out of lessons with just, you know, LGBT characters like this? Yeah, I mean, I, I started writing it like I mentioned two years ago. So I didn't see the Supreme Court case coming. And now of course it's, it's coming out in a couple weeks. And I just keep thinking about what a, a kid like ours might feel sitting in a classroom where someone says like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna read that.


I don't want my kids exposed to that when it's simply a book about, you know, two loving parents going about their day and at the end of the day loving their children unconditionally. So, you know, I'm really disappointed, especially to see that the conservative Supreme Court seems to be favoring the parents In this particular case, as a former teacher myself, I think that's gonna put a lot of unnecessary burden on teachers in schools. I mean, the school district in that particular case already said they tried it. Right. And it, and, and it failed. It didn't work. It was so cumbersome to constantly deal with those, Like communicating what's gonna be in the lesson and letting people opt out And, but, and then look where does the line you get dropped?


Right? Right. Like, I wanna pull my kids out of lessons about, you know, evolution or like, how many permission slips are we sending, you know, every day or every week to pull our kids outta certain lessons. Right. So again, like this book, it was very important to me that this, this is a Father's Day book. It's just a book about two dads who loved their kids. I think it's like a modern American family. And so I I hope that other families will enjoy it. I hope it brings a lot of joy to, to bedtime. But again, I'm not naive and understand like what we're up against as a community and as a country. So not to be like, you know, the guy out here hawking his book, but like, a great thing that you can do is request books like this at your library and at your school.


Because I do think it represents who we are as Americans. And there there's room for everybody at the table. It also Works. You know what I mean? Like, it does normalize like families that look all kinds of ways. Yeah, yeah. As a educator, I mean, I, I imagine when you were teaching like the kind of libs of TikTok, kind of like these assaults on on teachers, like they probably weren't happening, but I mean, do you talk to educators? Are they like scared of Yeah. I dunno. Being singled out being a targeted, Well, I think this, i, this administration, it definitely seems to love to go after teachers and families. Right. Making it harder for teachers and harder for families.


Imagine that you're like a 21, 20 2-year-old college graduate with your bachelor's degree in education and you're looking around thinking, okay, I'm ready to start my career in education. Where am I gonna go? Places like Florida probably not as attractive. No. You know, places like Oklahoma that, that welcome libs of TikTok in Right. Who, who bring her to the table to, to draft policy. You know, just a, a bigoted real estate agent is now the person who's gonna be helping draft education policy. Crazy. But imagine that college graduate thinking, is this really what I want to do? Or, you know, what kind of environment are we creating as a country that asks people to step up to the call to become educators?


Right. You're, you're underpaid. Right? It's a really hard job. It's so hard. You don't get the appreciation, respect on the way over here in the Uber, I was reading about how they, they want to do away with the head start. Like you're talking about the most vulnerable kids in our country. So now you want to take away head start. Now you're putting tariffs on baby goods coming from Asia. Right? So now you're making car seats more expensive, strollers more expensive. And these are the people in Washington who are screaming, like, have more kids. Right. It's like their weird thing right now. Yeah. It's like, well, Fatalism is real weird. We'll give you money to have kids. But but then like, we can't afford childcare. We can't afford a stroller. Yeah. Right. Grocery prices Gotta be Elon Musk kid.


It turns out to be to, I thought you were gonna say an Elon Musk designed stroller. Like, no, no, I saw a cyber truck. Those explode off the of the truck. I've, I've, you know, experienced like the joy and like the wonder of being a parent and also the setbacks and the challenges that go into the process of trying to become one. Yeah. I know that you and Pete have talked about the adoption process and setbacks. You guys had heartbreak. Yeah. Did that, like, what was that experience like for you? Did it cause stress between the two of you and, and do you have advice for other parents, like going through the adoption process, which I know can be tough. Oh yeah. Yeah.


It's so weird to think about that chapter in life now that we have these, you know, brilliant, incredible kids running around our house and just destroying the walls. But when we were crayons everywhere Okay. They just started. Yeah. And you know, I, I swear like the other week I was like, I think they're doing really good with the white walls. Right. Like, and then just like boom, like ccra can't out loud everything. Yeah. Yeah. Jinxed it. You know, there was a time when, when Pete and I, we were on a list, we were on an emergency placement list. So that's where you sign up and say, you know, if there's a call in the middle of the night in, in our case where a kid is left at the hospital, the hospital works with an adoption agency to make an adoption plan.


So a parent might need to be called right away. So we had about 24 hours notice. We give you the call and say, Hey, you're next on the list, we really need you. Are you stepping up? Yes or no? And, and you have, you know, a couple hours to decide. That's incredible. We had about five adoptions fall through in the span of a year. And the really hard part is what they tell you not to plan the nursery, don't buy anything because when one of those cases might inevitably fail, it hurts Yeah. To look at the crib, to look at the room, to look at the nursery and have it fall through. So we, you know, for Christmas and birthdays and stuff, like aunts and uncles and parents, like couldn't help themselves.


Right. And so they'd start getting things and it did, it always hurt seeing those things in the corner. You get the call in the middle of the night, there's a situation, are you guys ready to step up? We'd say Yes. And then, you know, it turned into 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 4:00 AM 8:00 AM We wouldn't hear back. And then ultimately something changed where you think you're gonna be parents and then you're not. But then it works out and, you know, whatever God you believe in or however you come to religion or, or belief, I think like the star is just aligned. And then one day you're standing in a, in a hospital room and, and you're holding your kids.


But it, there were multiple, there were multiple nights along the way where there was some heartbreak. Yeah. But then, my God, as you know, that moment you hold them is, there's nothing like it. Yeah. No, I, I I know exactly the feelings you're talking about. Like, get that stroller out of this house, I don't ever wanna fucking see it again. We had that. And then there's also the moment you meet your kids and in a weird way, you're like, okay, everything that came before this had to happen should have happened because it brought you here. Yeah. Right. All the heartbreak, everything that gets you to the point. You're Right. That's beautiful chaos now. Yeah. It's like you want it so bad and we wanted to be parents so bad.


And, and that's the thing that I felt like I kept saying to them when they were, they had some health complications after they were born. We were in the hospital for quite some time, RSV Before The RSV before sv. So after they were born, we were in the hospital for almost two weeks and we went home and then I got RSV and oh my gosh, that's when Gus wound up on the ventilator. Jesus. I just remember like holding them thinking like, you're so loved. Like you are so wanted in this world. Like, just, just looking at them, they were like barely five pounds. They were premature. And just thinking how, how badly we wanted that and how how loved that they were and, and that they were going to be this huge community excited to welcome them.


And, and then yeah, you fast forward, it's like, why is there a magnet tile like under my pillow? You know? Yeah. You Step on another Lego and you're like, ah, did you, do you, do you put in for twins? Was that an No Miraculous accident? Like, how's that work? Yeah. I was helping my dad and, and helping is, is doing a lot of work here. My dad with a, a floor in our basement and I needed to go to Lowe's to get some more tile. Sure. And I was driving to Lowe's As one does in Michigan. Yeah. Right. Just me Hammer Tools and stuff. Yep. Yep. And I get a call from the adoption agency and immediately panic.


'cause whenever I see that number come up, it usually means like there's gonna be a heartbreak. I just know like that's, that was my history with it. Right. So talking to this social worker and I say, you know, here's the situation. And they said like, are you sitting down? And I was like, well, I'm, I'm driving to Lowe's right now. And they're like, okay, well like pull over, like don't crash. You know, like it's twins. I was just like, Oh shit. What a curve ball. Yeah. So I had to, so Pete was on a work trip and I remember like pacing outside this gas station and I called him and he's like, hello?


Like very formal. It's like, hey, the adoption agency just called and, and, and it's our turn. Like they think it's, and they think it's real this time. And like, here's the situation. I'm giving 'em all the details. I'm like, and by the way, like, are you ready for this? Are you sitting down? It's twins and it's just silent. Oh my God. And then I just hear 'em go. Okay, well thanks so much for that information and I'll get back to you soon as I can. Oh no. And I was like, he had some serious meeting. Yeah. I was like, Are you around a lot of other people? And he is like, yep. He's Like, okay, call me back. And then, and then it turns out he's on an airplane and Oh. And he's like, he's somewhere out west and he couldn't call me back until he like, lands at the next spot and had to like, turn around and get on a red eye.


Oh my God. Come home and, and meet me at the hospital. But yeah, that the twins thing really threw a, a wrench in everything. Incredible. You and Pete, you know, you, you walk this tight rope of like your public figures. You're also millennial dads who like spent half your life on social media. I know for me, I struggle with, I, you know, I got a cute video of my daughter and I wanna post it on Whatever. Oh yeah. But Then I know it's like in the world forever and strangers will see it. And my, my kids don't have a say in the decision. Yeah. Like how do you navigate that? Yeah. You know, one of the things that bugs me the most about being a public person, like the thing that people say to me that bugs me the most is when they say like, I wanna see more pictures of those kids.


It's like, you don't, like, they're not yours. Like, you don't, like, you're not entitled to access to them. Yeah. And it kind of creeps me out and I know that maybe that's coming from a really good place. Right. Like, they're so happy for you and, and they wanna see how happy they are. But I don't know if you've read Jonathan Hyde's book, the Anxious Generation. No. But I've read Enough takes on it to feel like I have a good Yeah. Sense. Yeah. But You know, my kids can't consent to that. Right. Like, they can't consent to having their face online and like, in a digital age. Like, I've seen enough deep fakes of my husband and I that like, I don't need to put my kids on the internet one 'cause they can't consent to like being on the internet.


And two, I don't want people messing with them. And you know, even when we were in Washington, it, I remember we, we were taking them to the Easter egg roll. We were so excited and like picking out outfits and Pete's mom was with us. It was gonna be a big family day. And the moment we came outta the White House, I sort of had a panic attack. 'cause for some reason all morning I hadn't thought about the press. It's like open press. Yeah. And the moment we walked out, there's just a flood of cameras and my heart sank. 'cause I just, I didn't think about it. Right. And then sure enough, the next day they were on the cover of the Washington Post. I I got my cousin Easter egg roll tickets in like 2011.


And then in 2012 I was like, Hey Jeremy, you wanna go back? And he is like, no, we're good. Yeah. It was a lot for me. Yeah. And plus like, you're, you're just on, you know, like, it's really hard to feel like you're having an authentic family experience when people are photographing you. Right. Of course. The constant click the camera and, and you're just trying to protect your kids. Totally. So yeah. It's, you know, you, you want people to see your joy and your happiness and like, I like talking about dad life, but it, there's still an element of that that kind of creeps me out. Yeah. It's A fuzzy line. Yeah. I don't, it's hard to know where to draw it. Yeah. Speaking of more personal questions on a podcast, it'll be heard by strangers who keeps the baby monitor on you didn't ask For, you didn't ask for picture Stuff.


That's right. I was gonna, that's my next question. Yeah. Who keeps on the, the nannette or the baby monitor at night? Or do you guys, do you trade off? Well, I, we don't need it now. I mean, like, Is your, you're fully done with the Yeah, I guess they get outta bed and they, they, IRL wake you up if they need to. Oh yeah. And I've, like, lately I just sleep through it. I feel really bad. It's like Pete will be like, oh, Penelope had a really bad dream last night and she woke me up be like too, like, what? I didn't hear any of that. That's awesome. Yeah. That you Can do that. Which makes me feel really bad. But yeah, I mean, they'll, they'll come get us and Gus is like, like, you know, up with the sun. It's usually like 5 55 on the dot.


He's up, he's singing, he goes downstairs and gets his like little power tools. He's got this like little drill, you know? Yep. I know that drill. And he like, he's fixing things around her bedroom. It's helpful. Penelope, she's like a teenager. You have to drag her outta bed to get ready for school in the morning. Oh My kids. I, last night, I think Lizzie was kind of chirping on the n at like 10, 2 30, 3 30. And then at five we had the whole family was just up. Oh, We gotta we gotta get them to sleep in somehow. Yeah. There's two modes. Like they will go down at seven. Like they're, they're wiped and they just go down or they're gonna be up till 10 battle. Yeah, I know the feeling. Are you gonna enter the Manosphere podcast universe on your book tour? The way Pete Has, is this not the manosphere, I don't know, maybe the beta manosphere.


The Rogan Theon flagrant. Are you doing any of those? I don't think I need to. I'm glad Pete is. I'm glad he is too. I thought I listened to the whole flagrant thing. The whole thing. Okay. I, you know, at 75% of it. Yeah. I opened it. I was like, oh no, I, I got in this weird Twitter back and forth with Andrew Schultz about it too. 'cause I was like, I tweeted that I was, I thought it was good that Pete went on. I guess I described it as like unfriendly territory. Yeah. And that was maybe, I think an unfair shorthanding of Sure. Their political beliefs. Yeah. But I do think, like, I don't know, I'm, I, I am glad he's going on these shows. I'm trying to force myself on these shows because I do think, yeah. What's the point of talking all? I think it shows a side of him that a lot of people hadn't seen before.


Like, you know, when he was mayor, you have to talk to everybody. Right. We live in northern Michigan. You talk to everybody. And this is one thing I really admire about him is he, he can talk to anybody and he can hold his own. And I love, I love when you hear the host go, oh, oh, I had no idea. You know? Yeah. Like he's not only is he like surviving in that Yeah. Environment, but he's actually teaching him something. No, He was thriving. He, he got a fire clip that he's also good at. That's a quote. He's also good at just pretending he didn't hear like the thing he doesn't wanna respond to. You know, like the, the Yeah. The dude in the fourth row chirping the kind of sexual innuendo or whatever and he is like, yep, it's gonna Do that.


Yeah. That's just, yeah. I feel like every time I go to the gym I'm in the manosphere. 'cause it is just like, yeah. It's like innuendos flying and like jokes flying. I can only keep up with like half of 'em. Yeah. That's, that's his professional and personal life. 'cause he probably is probably getting that from me too. Like, I'm just like a constant, you know, roll of puns and jokes and so he's, he's pretty good at tuning out what he, what he doesn't wanna respond to. It's A necessity in this weird world we're all in. Yeah. There's a lot of commentary on Pete's new beard. Yeah, I'm a fan. Fan. I Love it. Yeah. Okay. I can't grow one. Me either. But now, like, I can usually let it go like two days where it's not like terrible, but like, I can go to like the grocery store and go to Meyer and no one's gonna say like, well he is really letting himself go.


But now I feel like that since Pete does have a beard, if I even let my stubble grow for like one day, they'd be like, oh, he's trying too. Oh, he's okay. Like, I'm not, no, I just was really lazy Today. You're doing like a sames easy. Yeah, I just get like a patchy thing here and then, yeah. It's not good. It's not good. It's not great. I'm like waiting for it to work. It doesn't, he's Like a teenager about it right now though. He'd be like, it's really scratchy though. Like, what did you put moisturize on? Did you like put the beard balm or like beard oil on it? No. Oh, that's a thing. I'm like, oh. So yeah, I was like, don't, I didn't even know that was, I just told him Yesterday I was, stop complaining about something you're in control of. Just put the beard bomb on. Shave it pal. Yeah. Do whatever you want. I dunno. Do you, what do you think? Should he keep it? They look Good. I like it. Yeah. I, I don't know. I, I just, I just wish I could grow one.


Seems cool. Same Seems Cool. Yeah. Just have options. You know, I've had the same hair kites since I was birthed essentially. And can't grow a beard. Sucks. Barely have eyebrows. Yeah. Pete seems like a bit of a, a workaholic. Does he drive you crazy if he's home too much? No, he, when he, when we moved back from DC he set up an office in the basement. So it's really just become like the Pete Cave down there. It's like the Pete office in the laundry room. So go, Go hang fold some laundry. Yeah. Do some calls with Biden or whatever. Whatever you do down there. Yeah. Whatever. You Down there. That's good. You guys, anything good on tv? Anything you're streaming? Oh man, we just watched, was it episode two of the Last of Us Okay.


Of the new season. So I don't wanna spoil anything for anybody, but you know, and finished the white Lotus mixed. Can I say one thing? Sure. He went in on that pod flagrant and they were talking about the white Lotus and he was like, hot take or whatever, like Locklin should have died. That was my hot take. Oh, okay. And then he just goes on a pod and says it like, when he came home, I was like, you can't just take my hot cake cake stole your take. You can't take my hot takes without crediting me. You were Absolutely spoiler alert. We were absolutely right. Oh, you're right. I just spoiled that one. Well you guys can cut that out. We'll just take it back to the last question To start over. It. There was nothing to spoil. I, Whatever.


It's been out for long enough Right? So long. Everyone can one Month deal with it. Yeah. I thought, I don't know, it just, it didn't do it from this season. Really. It's fine. It's like, I really liked this season. It's Beautiful places. Beautifully shot. Fun to watch. That's Yeah, half of it is just like, yeah. Travel Candy Brother's doing that. Okay. What twists, you Know, but that's Mike White, like the, he knows what he is doing on that show. Yeah, He does. And I, that's why I like it. It just like slowly builds and then it all just like falls apart. I've been loving the studio on, I haven't seen Apple tv. It's like, it Seth Rogan 30 minute comedy. Oh, cool. Hilarious. Makes fun of it.


It seems like every terrible TV executive that they've ever come across makes a cameo in this and they're just like, it's like a punching bag, like catharsis for them. I, that sounds like something I would like highly, Highly. I started The residence on Netflix. Okay. Cute. It's like a murder in the White House. Oh. It's like A, a murder caper. It's kind of weird like this. I know. I I'm gonna hear the words that are gonna come outta my mouth, but if you've been to the White House, it is wild to like, they do it Well it, it, it's done so well. You're like, yeah, when you do walk down that stairwell, that's what it looks like. That's cool there. And it's, it's like very fast paced and it's very funny.


But we don't really watch a lot of TV together. We commit to one show to watch together and then everything else we're on our own. More Than one is too many. And also, it's so hard to find overlap. I know what you're saying about watching these shows and having worked in these places in politics. Yeah. And then becoming the annoying person about realism. Like my, Yeah, I gotta, I don't wanna be that guy. I'm sorry. I know. Well, I don't need, my wife got really into like the ambassador or whatever it Was. Oh yes. Yeah. And I'd be like, this is not Carrie Grant, this is not how it is. And she's like, I don't care. They would never email that. Yeah. Shit like that. I remember when Homeland came out, I was in the White House at the time and I was like talking to a bunch of people and, and Obama was there about it and we all like, loved it. We were like, yeah, this guy's fucking texting from the sit room.


Come on man. Yeah. Like we were, That's why this whole like signal gate thing is so wild. It is so funny. Like the ways in which like, I could not communicate with my husband when he worked like, about mundane stuff. You know, like the, they're so, it's just like you do whatever now. Yeah. Pete Seth is just hammering classified details. He's copy and pasting from centcom. Nothing, nothing Matters Mill. It's just, you know, Mike Waltz is out though, so some good news. But Didn't he just get, did he get nominated for un un ambassador? He Got sent to New York. Is he out? So like, this was really bad. So we're gonna let him go represent our country in front of the United Nations. It says that's a good spot to put him in.


It says a lot about what they think about the UN that they were trashing this guy. There's no top secret information at the un. No damage Can be done there. Imagine meeting him. Hi Mike. What, what brings you to the un? Yeah. Oh, well. Humiliated out of DC Yeah, I was Just sharing confidential information. God, well listen. Oh geez. Jain, thank you for, for joining us today. You got it. Pop is coming home. It's out on May 20th. Everyone pre-order it today. Oh Thanks. Buy one for your local library. I appreciate that. Yeah. Support your local library. Support your Local library. And thank you for coming in. Appreciate It. That's our show for today. Thanks Chasten for joining.


Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer.


The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt De Groat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heathcote, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Pal Aviv, and David Tolls. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America. East


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your Needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.