
If you have Medicare and Medicaid Then, keep listening. You may qualify for a dual special needs plan from UnitedHealthcare. It's time you feel confident. You're managing your whole health with a dual special needs plan from UnitedHealthcare. It's not just health insurance, it's healthy living. You deserve coverage. You can count on So. Why not see how a dual special needs plan from UnitedHealthcare may help you get extra Medicare benefits if you live In the DC area. See your options Today at uhc dual plans.com.


Welcome To Pod Save America. I'm Tommy Vitor. And I'm Rebecca Kaz. Rebecca, it's s Great to see you, my old friend and the brilliant democratic strategist behind many huge Democratic wins over the last few years. It's s Great to see you. Great to be here. So. For the listeners, Rebecca and I, go way back. We worked together on John Edwards for president 2004 about The good campaign, right? That's how I we were. Very hopeful. It was a good campaign. We were Very, It was a It was a fun time. It really was. It was a very fun time. It was a great team. We were like the little engine that could campaign that took this totally unknown and arguably unqualified senator from you know, senator to the VP nominee and I don't know.


The two America's message from That campaign. People still S started studying and stealing that 'cause it was, It was very good. You even saw John Edwards at the DN C, right? Yes. John Edwards was at the DN C You know They invite All, the former nominees. And he had been a VP nominee In, 2004 So. He came back as a guest and he just had a happy hour for former staffers, just to say Hi. That's Very nice. Yeah, I like that. Look, obviously the history is complicated and we don't need to re-litigate It here. It is just interesting In like political life who is given sort of absolution for mistakes and failings and who isn't. And I'm surprised he's sort of still on the isn't list.


Yeah. I. Think I think he's due for a rehabilitation tour. I mean he did. It was, he was a, he's a flawed man, but I think he was, was vilified and kind of served his time and public opinion there. Yeah, he definitely, he definitely was widely criticized. But thank You for doing the show. Rebecca, we have a lot to talk about. Today I just wanna do like, let's do a little vibe. Check how, how you feeling? It's a couple weeks out. I'm getting a million texts from people telling me how nervous They are. How are you? I am cautiously optimistic. I will say October always feels terrible for Democrats and we just have to remember that right August. Yes it does. We feel Great. We feel like we're gonna win everything. It's gonna be amazing. And Then October hits and like we All just kind of feel nauseous and this like heavy weight.


We're carrying the whole month of the just this dread. And I will say just like You know, obviously we have a every reason to be worried, but we shouldn't let It be paralyzing. Fear. That's right. Yeah. It's the stakes couldn't be higher. Let's just be honest about that. It's super close. I know some people kind of In the political world that are looking at polling. That are increasingly nervous. You're hearing people talk about concern that Trump is outspending. Kamala Harris In some TV markets. She was slightly outta the news I think for a couple weeks because of the hurricanes. And obviously like the messaging and response about FEMA is gonna come from the White House.


But I I think like since Then she's been hitting the gas she's doing All. These interviews and town halls and events That we'll talk about, but it's tied and It will be tied until election day. And I, just think for All, the nervous texters. Just remember you have agency, you know it's October 16th. If you want to donate, if you wanna knock doors, if you want to go to Vote Save America dot com to find opportunities, you have time. But like, do not refresh the 5 38 polling average every day from now until election day. No. That's, that's No good for any anybody. And, and this No, there's a burden here for the third time. In, the last eight years, this is the most important election of our lifetime, right? That is exhausting.


Like we have real fatigue. It's tiring, but there's still, there's still a lot we can do and we shouldn't feel like we're just sitting there just biting our fingernails. Like go do something. Yeah, go do something. Do not tweet that You. Think she's gonna lose. You can quote tweet yourself In November. Because if You do that I will hate You forever. Okay, on today's s show we have, What Do we got? Kamala Harris trying to reach black voters. In a tough town hall style interview with Charlemagne and the God In Detroit. Donald Trump goes after women voters In a Fox News town hall with this All female audience. This was not a tough interview, this was a bunch of softballs. I suspect he'd get harder questions from his family and own staff.


We'll also talk about the state of the race, In key states like Pennsylvania and Arizona. We'll talk about how some things are going In, these like red and purple house races and why They are defying the trend lines that we're seeing nationally. But first and Rebecca, this is not breaking news, but we on the show have not yet had the chance to talk about Trump's bizarre Monday night event. In Oaks, Pennsylvania. This Philly suburb. Yes. Where we were treated to I don't know, maybe the most bizarre Trump event of an already weird cycle It was intended to be. And think about That Bar for a second. Like Yeah, that bar is here. How do we get here? That Bar's over our head.


Yes. Yeah, it's like So I. Think It was supposed to just be a town hall q and a format, taking questions to the audience, but Then, someone In the crowd needed medical attention. The crowd starts chanting or singing God. Bless America and Trump basically called In his DJ to play Ave Maria Then. Someone else needed medical attention. Things took a turn. Here's a clip. Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into it. Music. Who the hell wants to hear questions? Right? I want this to be a really important evening and those two people that went down our Patriots and we love them. Yes. And because of them we ended up with some good music. Right? Right. Yes. So play YM C a Go ahead.


Let's go nice and loud everybody. Nobody's leaving. What's going on? There's nobody leaving. Keep going. Keep going. Should we keep going? Alright, turn That music up. Turn it up. So. This goes on for like 40 Minutes. Literally four Minutes is Is a long time. It's a very long time. It's So. He's standing Yes. Standing there doing nothing sway on the stage. Awkwardly. Let me, let me read you the set list real quick. Ave Maria, time to say goodbye. It's a man's, man's man's world. YM C a hallelujah. Nothing compares to you. An Save America trilogy Richmond north of Richmond.


November Rain and memory from cats. People started walking out South Dakota governor and and puppy killer Christy Nome kind of didn't seem to know what to do. I Dunno. Rebecca, what? What track got you going? What? Which got you Banneded I. What I'll just say is like Ava Maria to YM C a like that's kind of the wild swings that are going on In his brain right now. Like what kind of psychopath has this set list like? Like it doesn't even make sense. I Dunno sense and I just I. I don't know. I felt like It was for, for reporters to comment that a Trump rally is strange. You have to take it So far. Right? And for him to, you know, a town hall, when you do a town hall event, You wanna take questions like what are people thinking?


You know, here he is In suburban Philadelphia the most, probably the most important media market. He can be In In All of the swing states and he is losing his mind a little bit, right? Yeah. And he is smiling and he doesn't usually smile So like that. That C C caused me some like is what? What is his new like regimen? Like I'll have what he's having You know what I mean. Yeah. 'cause he was just like happy and Then. He was doing his like little dance and there's Christie Nome just kind of standing there not really knowing what to do and she has to be the sane person. Yeah, right. It It was kind of wild.


Yeah. I mean you and I have been staffers for a long time. We've both been at events where you are kind of like on your phone half paying attention. Then You hear your boss give a bad answer and you're like, oh God. Oh God, what are we gonna do? Or like something kind of goes south In an event, someone protests, something bad happens. I, imagine being the staffer In the back and it's like minute 23 and you're like how do we get the boss to stop DJing this event? Well I heard That They were like trying to tell him on the teleprompter like You can now answer questions. You can now an you know. And he just wasn't taking those cues. He was just like wanting to dance. And there's nobody who can Save him when he's going out That far and You know we say a lot that Trump doesn't get real scrutiny.


Like he says crazy stuff and he doesn't do it. This was the first time That I think reporters really took the beat to say like something seems wrong. Yeah and I just, I'm just gonna say it, you know when you get old you get old fast and I do think he is much worse In this month of October than he was even a few months ago. Yeah. And we've seen this, you know, like I, remember we All saw the state of the Union with Biden In January. We're like, we're gonna be Great and Then. The debate happened and we're like Okay, maybe we're not So Great. Like there is something that is going on with Trump. That seems pretty bad. Yeah. I I. Let, let's, let's dig In on this a bit because even before the musical interlude Trump did some q and a right?


And even those were weird. So Philip Bump at the Washington Post printed In full, one of Trump's answers to a very straightforward audience question about Bring down grocery prices. I'm gonna read the beginning of it. So You know it's such a Great question. In the sense That. People don't think of grocery You know it sounds like not much an important word when you talk about homes and everyone else, right? But more people tell me about grocery bills where the price of bacon, the price of lettuce, the price of tomatoes. They tell me and we're going to deal with a lot of things. You know, our farmers aren't being treated properly and we had a deal with China and It was a Great deal. I never mentioned it because once Covid came, I said that was a bridge too far because I had a Great relationship with President Xi. And here's a fierce man and he's a man that likes China and I understand that. But we had a deal and he was perfect on That deal.


50 billion he was gonna buy. We were doing numbers like You wouldn't believe for the farmer that goes on for another 800 words. Rebecca They me the border control Okay Grandpa. It's Like Right, it's like the meat. This reminds me of when I was. Sure, Sure. Grandma Reminds me when I was a kid, when one of my grandparents would tell me to go to the bar to get him another drink and my dad would intercept me on the way back and fill It up with water. That's what that reminds me of. Something is very wrong there. There's not one like fully cognizant answer like You know. Like he doesn't, he is not speaking In regular English anymore. It is just like, it is a whirlwind of like what's going on.


In his head, this man should not be In charge of anything. This Yeah. And the clearly this is why Kamala Harris is telling voters to watch Trump's rallies and I think she sincerely means it. It's not just a line. Yeah. It's also why Kamala Harris is playing videos of Trump at her rallies. Now I think They They played a clip of some of his recent answers to Maria Bar Romo. In Erie. Yeah. Yeah. I think like the, the challenge is, you know, Democrats will watch this and be like, this guy's losing his mind. Republicans will just see It through a partisan lens and decide that You know it's funny or charming I. guess the question is whether undecided we will ever see this, it's hard to sum it up In like a concise way. Like how do You make us su we struggle to make a super cut of a 38 minute event. But, but I mean Rebecca, do You think this is a message that the Harris folks can or should try to introduce kind of In these closing weeks?


Is this part of a closing argument? I mean I do. Like at the end of the day, people need to know that the person In charge of this country is like fighting for them and has their best interest and like at the very least, like understands what is going on In the world. And he, he seems very far away from reality at the moment. And I think it's important for them to remind people that she has a plan. She can articulate the plan, she understands the plan, she's knowledgeable, like he can't articulate an answer to anything. When's the last time he just had like a regular answer to a question? Yeah and he's like, he's actually branded his incoherence to the weave and he thinks it is an asset and he's like, oh, I say All this random shit.


Then I string it together at the end. It's like I, No You don't bow you just, it's called rambling. He also did a q and A on Tuesday though at the economic club at Chicago where he got You know an hour's worth of economic questions. Here was one about Google and antitrust. Here's the answer. Should Google be breaking up? I. I just haven't gotten over something the Justice Department did yesterday where Virginia cleaned up its voter rolls and got rid of thousands and thousands of bad votes and the Justice Department sued them. That They should be allowed to put those bad votes and illegal votes back In and let the people vote.


So. I haven't I. I haven't gotten I haven't gotten over That. A lot of people have seen That. They can't even believe it. The question is about Google President Trump. Yeah, I love I. Love that idea. The question was about, The question is about go Google. Sure. I mean he can't, he can't answer a question to the extent that you're Wondery. Like is he processing what is being asked of him? Like is his brain processing it? Yeah. Or like, does he not know what Google is? Like which one is it? You know, I Don't I have No idea. He knows what Twitter is, you know. Yeah. He Loves Twitter, he loves Elon. Yeah. The other, the other sort of piece of evidence here, Rebecca, is like Trump had an interview scheduled I guess on C n B C with this guy Joe Kerin, who might as well be a Trump surrogate or family member.


He's like that kind of In the tank and insufferable and that was a weird flag. But Then I I watched this whole event and It was with this guy John Helth White, the editor-in-chief of Bloomberg who was formerly the editor of The Economist. And it was a tough contentious interview. And I actually thought That format kind of served Trump well because That answer we just heard was incoherent. But They had stacked the audience with supporters and Michel wait kind of interrupted enough to prevent the weave from happening and preventing him from getting too incoherent. And also look, if we're being honest, John Michel wait was kind of the perfect foil for Trump because I bet a lot of the clips That Trump people will put out are of him berating this kind of pompous seeming British guy about why he was wrong about tariffs.


And boy I You know I bet That plays Well In like Pittsburgh I don't know. Yeah, I mean I. Just think he's, he's he's picking a lot of fights. I the his, his reliance on the word tariffs. In That interview was, seemed a little bit troubling as well. Like he just didn't, it's like he just learned the word or something like It was just a weird way That. He, he was talking I think he likes to fight with everyone who's interviewing him now. Yeah. And I think he likes to have the crowd cheering him on. It's like wherever he goes, he just has a crowd that is cheering for him. 'cause that is what he likes. Yeah. He loves It. I Don't know I mean I. Think it's interesting that he is not doing more interviews. Like he, he doesn't seem to be talking beyond just a very specific base.


Yeah, it's a Fox news safe space. That said I do think the, the, the the headline That came outta the economic Club interview was him once again ducking questions about the peaceful transition of power, which ain't good. Andy refused to comment on whether he talked to Putin since he left office. So. I don't think that's helpful either. That said, you know, this morning Trump just taped a Fox News Town Hall I think They taped It yesterday. But It aired this morning on women's s issues moderated by Harris Faulkner a Fox anchor. Let's play a couple clips. The first is Trump and Harris Faulkner talking about a Georgia woman named Amber Thurman. Amber Thurman's family have come out on a press call and they're doing what's called a prebuttal to our town hall right now.


Oh, that's nice. Yeah. And I wanna get, we get better ratings. I Promise. So. Just some context for the listeners here. Amber Thurman is a Georgia woman who died after being denied an emergency abortion for 20 hours. Some members of her family did a call with the Harris campaign to talk about her story and the stakes for women In terms of abortion access In this election. Rebecca, that answer we heard is, is them laughing? I mean it's So co I Mean this is a woman who died. It's who, who literally like bled out and they're laughing about it and talking about ratings. Like he first of All, let me just take a step back. He said he's had this woman's forum, right?


He spent, how long was It 50 Minutes of the, of the 60 to get to the the question of abortion, right? Like that is not a woman's forum. This is he was had women In the audience and he was talking to the same people he always talks to on Fox News. Let's just get That outta the way. But the way That, he sees everything is about ratings and laughing about women dying. Like this is, this is why he's losing women voters at such record numbers. And like another thing like he's, for him to say he's gonna do this women's forum, it's like he would do anything rather than debate Kamala Harris, right? Like he is So afraid of her about the way That, she like destroyed him at the last debate. That, he is avoiding That, he's trying to show that he's talking to All, these people.


But he's, he's talking to the same people. You go to Trump rallies, They look very similar from state to state. You go to a Harris rally, like whether she's In Bucks County, Pennsylvania or Erie, Pennsylvania. Very different like audiences very, you know, and she's In Georgia. She's she everywhere she goes, her audience is different. The Trump is speaking to a lot of the same people and he has not expanded his base. Yeah, this was just kind of like branding That. It was a women's rally. Yeah. Didn't seem like it actually focused on the issues as You noted. They Just had women there. Yeah. It just the sort of who that asked very friendly questions. One of the more bizarre claims of this, this event was about I VF Let's listen to that. Let's get this question.


Yeah. Because I believe that's what this is about. Oh, I wanna talk about I VF I'm the father of Father You. Don't hear That every I'm the father of I. VF So. I. Want to hear this question Again? For context, I VF became available In 1978. It's been widely available for decades. The biggest impediment to getting I VF has been the cost of I VF. It's very expensive. But the next biggest threat to I VF has been the overturning of Roe versus Wade by Trump judges. It was highlighted when You know Alabama moved to ban I. VF Republicans freaked out In that moment. They've tried to cover their political flank on this issue. Trump has proposed giving out free I VF treatments to everybody In America.


But when Democrats try to pass bills guaranteeing access to I VF nationwide Republicans block it over and over and over again. In Congress, Rebecca, the Democrats were very focused on I VF for a while. That focus seems to have faded a bit. How much do you think That should be a part of the abortion messaging? In this closing stretch. Okay, let me just take a step back. I am not convinced that Trump knows what I VF is. I just wanna be really clear. Like I, you listen to him, talk about I VF and I. Do not think he knows what it's Okay. So, there's That wouldn't surprise me And You know In Arizona. We had Kerry Lake who spent a good part of the debate talking about UVF You know So.


It's, it's very hard to say what republicans are understanding with Republican political leaders. And I VF I will say that Democrats like They have talked about It and They will fight for It and like They will protect women's ability to have families or or any, anybody to have families. You know what I mean? It's just It is it is So strange to me that, that these That, the Trump Supreme Court, like where he one third of That court is those are his judges. That They are going farther and farther and he's trying to distance himself from the same judges he put on there. Right. You know, whether it's talking about abortion going to the states, we don't want abortion to go states. We wanted Roe, his judges overturned it.


Right? And that's something like the, the intensity of women voters right now I think it's because They understand what's at stake. Yeah. And to your point, I think In that interview, he says he basically learned about I VF or the crisis In I VF because he got a call from Katie Britt, Senator In, Alabama, who gave that bizarre state of the union response. So, we All remember In, his comments about Kitty bird I think he called her attractive. It was like very, the whole thing was just very weird and gross and very Trump. It's like he knew the initials but he didn't actually know what Happened. Right, right. He knows he is, he knows he is mad about it and He knows he is losing voters on that issue. Yes. So. Yeah. So like, oh it's free for everybody now Okay.


Right. Of course though, you know No, women's You Get I VF and you get I VF Yeah. Take Oprah into the car. Alright, we're gonna take a quick break When we come back, we then got talk about how things are shaping up In some of the key states that Rebecca knows incredibly well.


But a couple things before we do That first Crooked Friends of the Pod subscription is offering a massive 25% off All new annual subscriptions through Election Day So Every day here at Crooked, we are working to build a progressive independent media company at a time when trustworthy voices are more important than ever. And No matter who wins In November. We are committed to building this company and delivering That for you. The best way to support that mission is by subscribing to the friends of the Pod. Monthly subscribers can easily upgrade to an annual plan and new subscribers can join In less than a minute. You'll get Ad free episodes of Pos Save America subscription exclusive shows and lots more. Subscribe now at crooked.com/friends or through the Pod Save America feed on Apple Podcasts.


Lastly, if you're stressed about the election and want something fun to read, there's always a a moment to grab democracy or else how to Save America 10 easy steps. Buy me Jon Lovett, John Favreau. If You wanna get a copy, go to crook.com/books and pick one up. Now, All proceeds go to Vote Save America In 2024 campaigns and you can finish It, basically In a day So No time wasted. And you'll instantly feel maybe a little better. Hopefully there's a lot of jokes, there's some funny jokes. Learn more and get your copy now at crook.com/books.


Pod Save America brought to you by ZipRecruiter Friends, it's that time again when we must choose who we think of as the best candidate for office. But really choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge undertaking. Whether the office is a classroom, a stage, a stadium, the cab of a bulldozer, or even inside of a toll booth and In any of those normal jobs. If somebody applied for a job and you called All their references and They said, that's the worst person I've ever worked with, In my whole life. That is the absolute dregs of the human condition made manifest. Do not get this person anywhere near your toll booth. You'd be like, Hmm, should I go with That person or the qualified woman? Anyway, the point is, No matter what kind of office you have. One's thing's for certain. If you want the fastest way to find qualified candidates for it, You need ZipRecruiter and Today. You can try It for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. They probably still They. Don't use tokens anymore. I don't Know. Yeah, just change And Today. You can try It for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart technology start showing your job to qualify candidates immediately? We've used ZipRecruiter to hire here at Crooked. Media. It's really great, really easy makes It fast. Hiring is hard. ZipRecruiter makes it easier. Want faster hiring for your office? Choose ZipRecruiter C Y four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter. Get a qualified candidate within the first day. Go to this exclusive web address to try It for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash cr. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


po Save America is brought to you by Helix So. I have a Helix mattress. I have a Don Luxe. It's really comfortable. It So, comfortable. It's Plus and but also very supportive. I. Actually, recently we got new sheets. I switched to linen sheets. Oh, I love linen sheets. I. I was a, I was a skeptic I fan on the linen sheets. And now I am such a convert on the linen sheets. I In, the summer I. Can't believe how much better linen sheets is. I thought It was like, they're gonna be scratchy. I'm not gonna like It No. I'm super into It No. But I put linen sheets on the Helix mattress. Fucking love it. You leave it for days. I'm not it, its I just woke up to do this. A it's mid-afternoon went, Went down on Monday. Helix offers a wide range of models designed for specific sleep positions and field preferences. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find out the mattress best suited for your preferences. They, ship your mattress to your home free of charge. Helix even offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. I, my Helix mattress has been great for my sleep. Super comfortable. Really feels like, like ho, like a really nice hotel bed at home. highly Recommend It. This month You can get 20% off All mattress orders. Visit Helix sleep.com/crooked. That's Helix sleep.com/crooked for 20% off your mattress order.


No Women's Town Hall will be complete with a little, a little light fascism here. ISS Trump, once again talking about his enemies. President Kamala Harris has said, you sounded unhinged and unchecked power is In our future. What? What, what do you say? Say About that? I. Don't I thought It was a nice presentation. I wasn't I wasn't unhinged. You know, you know what They are? They're a party of sound bites. They're some, somebody asked me, can They be brought together? You know, it was very I. Never thought really. I wasn't thinking like They could because They are, they're very, very different. And it is the enemy from within. And they're very dangerous. They're Marxists and communists and fascists and they're sick.


I use a guy like Adam Schiff 'cause They made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hooks. It took two years to solve the problem. Absolutely nothing was done wrong, et cetera, et cetera. They're dangerous for our country. So. Rebecca, we talked about Trump's kind of heightened accelerationist rhetoric on the show on Tuesday. I. Do think it's worth being even more clear? Today that talking about the enemy within is textbook fascist rhetoric. This is stuff You heard from Hitler talking about Jews and communists, et cetera. You heard from Mussolini, heard it from Franco. But the question I always have is when you make That point or, or tell That to people, does it sound So, extreme That?


People think you're hyperbolic and tune You out. Like what do you think You do with a clip like that? I mean, obviously it's, it's chilling to hear him talk like That, but I I do think That that the messaging argument against him on this has been challenging. Right? People think he's a clown. They think he's funny. They don't see how scary he is. And the more that other people start saying, know your history, like learn these dog whistles, it's it's not resonate. It's like we're All talking to ourselves and, and a whole other segment of the population just does not believe it. Yeah. Even if it's right there and true. And it's, it's sad. But I I don't I don't I don't think it's registering with a lot of folks.


Yeah. I. I really what it needs to I don't either. And it's not just this clip, it's not just this commentary about the enemy within, it's not just the, the obvious rage at the various court cases against him or his suggestions that Democrats were behind the assassination attempts. Like if You watches truth social feed I mean He, the other day he posted something In the middle of the night where he said, That Kamala Harris's medical report about seasonal allergies were a dangerous situation. You know, he's talking about revoking CBS's broadcast rights. 'cause he's mad at 60 Minutes for editing a clip. And his supporters are now like this. This is the other thing that happens. In October is it's the nastiest part of every campaign.


I mean there's a nonprofit now called Building America's Future funded In part by Elon Musk that is funding a bunch of super pacs doing dirty shit. One of them is sending mailers, highlighting Kamala Harris's marriage to Doug Emh, who is Jewish, his work combating antisemitism, his support for Israel. And they're sending that to Muslim and Arab Save America voters trying to drive them away from her. The same super back I believe is sending pro-Israel and Jewish voters mailers saying she's true pro-Palestinian So. This is just like the most cynical, dishonest and nasty part of the whole thing. They're, they're trying to win by making everyone hate each other. That is their recipe, right? Like Harris is out there talking about what brings us together and You know Bring back hope and joy.


And there is, there is No hope and joy on the Trump campaign. Like They want you to hate everyone. They want you to be So pissed off at the whole world. And They want You to hate everyone who doesn't look like you. Yeah. And it's All being funded by some of the richest people. In the world I. Think Politico. Yeah. Had some data from the, the most recent FE C filing. So I Just thought it was worth noting In terms of like the biggest donors out there. So You got Elon Musk giving 75 million to a pro-Trump Super Pac, Miriam Adelson, Sheldon Adelson's widow gave 95 million to another super Pac. Dick Uline, another billionaire you've probably never heard of, gave 49 million. Ken Griffin, Paul Singer doing eight figures.


Timothy Mellon gave $165 million to various GOP aligned groups earlier. In the Cycle and So, what you're seeing now is the fruits of like this billionaire courtship them dumping money into Superpacs and doing Trump's dirty work for him across the country And trying to tell regular people That They get their problems. Right. Right. Like that You know, like we understand you like I mean. It's, it's really, it's a really messed up system like post Citizens United All of this is a disaster that's completely broken. This should never, this should not be allowed to be Happening. No. Thank you Supreme Court. Finally on this Trump rally I mean there was a lot of talk about immigration. I would say It was the primary thing discussed. Here's one example.


We are going to end All sanctuary cities immediately we're gonna end because they're really Is That an executive order? You do That with That. Really? I could do It with an executive order. I'll have to do it with an executive order. You could do It with Alien, the Aliens Act of 1798. We can do things In terms of moving people out. We can move 'em out of the sanctuary cities. So again, just to explain what he's talking about there. 'cause it's never clear. Trump is saying he can use a law passed In, the 17 hundreds when John Adams was president, a law that was later used to authorize Japanese internment to authorize sending us troops to cities that he doesn't think are sufficiently cooperating with ICE or other federal immigration authorities.


So I guess like to paint a picture of what that looks like. I guess we're sending troops into San Francisco or New York and Chicago to like ferret out people he thinks are undocumented. I mean like, again, this is like crazy fascist behavior, but helping people understand what that really looks like. In practice seems very difficult. Yeah. I mean it's like when They tell you who They are, believe them and he's been, he's been telling voters who he is for a very long time and it's pretty, it's pretty fucking scary. Yeah. So, Rebecca, like you're a political professional. You're always trying to figure out how we reach these voters. How do you think like this Fox event compares to the call daddy interview or other You know kind of more niche opportunities?


We've seen In, the Harris campaign, take So I think that Harris campaign has done a, a lot of, like I would say Hi risk interviews and I think for the most part they've gone extremely well and they've, they've right now the the the election is So tight. You have to go find more voters, right? Like where can we reach more voters? So, they're going out to All these different outlets and they're, you know, trying to figure out like find voters where They are I found the call her daddy interview to be one of the better conversations I've ever heard from any public official. Especially the part where They are talking about what It means when You say life of the mother. Hmm. Like and Harris going into detail about like, You have to bleed out this much and be near dead for anyone to help you.


That is called life of the mother and I just found that So different from any other po like the way you hear politicians speak and I think to the young women who were listening I think It resonated I think and Then. She goes on Howard Stern and she talks about You know Formula One race. Like she's let her do these longer form interviews where she's, she's letting her personality come out. She's authentic. She she she's smart. She can like tell you a little bit about herself. I think that's important for They They. It still goes down to like, who would you rather have a beer with, right? And she seems like she'd be really fun, fun just putting that out there. Yeah. I like that. Like I I have a drink with her I bet. She's more of a wine cocktail Person.


A glass of wine I know. We'll find Out. We'll find out So. Yeah. Let's talk about the, the Kamala Harris media tour. She's In these swing states. Apparently she's gonna do a Fox News interview with Brett Bear that's gonna air after this Pod comes out on Tuesday. She sat for an audio town hall meeting moderated by Charlemagne the God. It was anything but a softball interview. Let's listen. Doesn't the Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? A lot of the blame because I mean the first three years y'all did get a lot of things wrong with the border No. Charlemagne, within hours of being inaugurated, first thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system. Which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president.


Why are we sending money to other countries when we desperately needed In, our own countries for homeless housing, housing resources for whatever that is my determining factor. If I vote for Kamala or not, We can do it All and we do. Black Americans are heavily asked to vote Democrat In every election for over half a a century with very little In return. What are your plans to address these very important issues and change that narrative? Thank You Zeke I. Appreciate that. Thank You. And thank you for your work. So I, Rebecca I know You listened. I mean What did You, how'd You think she did? I thought she did really well. I thought there were some hard questions.


Like this was not a softball interview. And she, she answered each question with, with like thoughtful answers. Sometimes It helps actually to get tough questions sometimes because I think it kind of jolts politicians out of complacency. Like the first question is, why are You always on your talkie points? And and her response was kind of like I don't know I'm disciplined. I I just kind of like thought I was Disarmingly honest and, and and ine Effective. And it's true. I mean. She said you have to say a message at least three times for people to like, for It to resonate. Like That is true. Being on message is a good thing. Trump is like All over the place. You know, Harris like goes to every audience and she's tells 'em what you wants to do as president.


That's what you're supposed to do when you're running for office. Do You think she's getting better at these or are we just hearing more of them and making less of kind of like individual slip up In one or the other. I mean I. Think it is I. Think a lot of these interviews are hard. I feel like I I feel for the staffers. You know In prep like thinking, trying to figure out any possible question that could get asked. And talking about It. It's, it's a lot I Do think she's like I found her to be generally pretty warm. In A lot of these interviews and I think I think that resonates with people. She sounded, she was talking about stories of her life. She was, she was giving examples. She was talking about her career.


I I think it's, it's good to, to do that. I wouldn't mind her separating herself a little bit more from Joe Biden. But other than other than that I think she's been handling herself pretty well. Yeah, I think that was the one kind of error we've heard recently was not the best answer on how are You different than Joe Biden and I understand the sensitivity there. It's not easy. I mean I. If I got the question, I would I think I would say something like obviously me and Joe, there are things we would do different with the benefit of hindsight, but You don't have That as president. I'm not gonna You know Monday morning quarterback my right you know, running Nate. But here are the things I believe blah blah blah like make it perspective going Forward. I mean I, right? I would say some of us would like her to separate even more, but she's also, she you know, she is trying to be respectful too of of him and you know, he appointed her vice president and I don't I.


It's like you don't talk out loud about your friends like I think she probably ha knows a lot of things That, he could have done better and she just You know did not go into That too much. Yeah, it's a complicated dance That, that's for sure. Yes, exactly. But you know the other thing about the Charlamagne interview, They did it In Detroit, which led them to get a bunch of additional local pickup, which was smart. The Detroit Free press headline was Harris, a kindred spirit with Detroit. She says after interview with Charlemagne, the God I think she did like another event with Frame that Beautiful. Yeah, I know Seriously. Like that's the gge, right? In politics, right? Like who cares what the New York Times says? You want the Detroit Free Press I. Think she did some more local stops afterwards. She met with black entrepreneurs.


So It was just smart. It was All around smart. It was It was smart to do Charlemagne, it was smart to do It In a swing state and it was smart to bring In, a bunch of questioners who asked Michigan specific questions that sort of made it feel even more authentic to the state. What do you think though about Fox News I have to say like when I heard that she was doing B, Brett Bear I, guess I get the meta messaging, which is Trump's In a safe space. I'll go anywhere, talk to anyone. I'm like fearless but I also think when You, you might as well do an interview with Jason Miller or someone from the RN C, right? Like when the chips are down Fox News, we, we can All pretend Brett Bearer is like the reasonable one. He takes orders, right? And, and Fox News wants Trump to win.


I would say it's Hi risk. Hi reward, right? Like I don't know if I would've picked That one, but she's I'm sure that will, she will be working for That like thinking about It and she's taken hard questions from lots of people. I think she can take some hard questions. You worth That and I. Think she's pr I I. Think she's proven That. She can do that. And once you go on there and You You answer some of those questions I think that matters to some of those viewers. She shows up I. Don't think All of Fox viewers are that like excited about Trump. A lot of them are obviously, but there's there's there are some reasonable voters out there and I think she's gonna go after them. I also think or her, yeah. And, and You know there's some research that shows That when you're You know showing ads to voters.


If you are just showing kind of like a, a clip from a network, if it's on a conservative network, That They Trust, maybe you get even more benefit from It, right? Like if it's like a Wall Street Journal article, maybe conservatives are more likely to think it's credible than something In the New York Times So. Maybe they're thinking about what things They could lift from the B Brett Bear interview if it goes well for ads. Yeah, I, I just think like the whole team is probably looking at the numbers, looking at how close every single stay it is and, and thinking what can we do to shake this up? Yeah. And and the downside risk of a bad interview is like whatever. If you're doing enough of them, you'll be Okay. Hopefully. Hopefully that's the only downside. Hopefully. Yeah, we've All been there when That Yeah, his fingers. Yeah. Yeah. It goes real bad. The the last one That That keeps getting reported on is Joe Rogan.


There was a report I think it was Reuters. That was like Kamala Harris considering doing Joe Rogan's. Like what, what, what kind of news report is That? How do You have a headline considering It was like a Weird float. Like They floated that out there. I don't, I don't know where it exactly came from. It. It could be interesting. I mean I. Think They both said They might do. It So, I I. Don't know. Let's, let's give it a listen. I'm fully on board for doing Rogan I mean I. Don't know if this is translates to his audience, but he has 14.5 million followers on Spotify, which would make him like the biggest podcast out there by far. And and much bigger than most network or cable shows. I don't think he's like super partisan Republican I think he's more of an RFK guy.


He has lots of weird hobby horses like he's obsessed with. But We need those voters, right? I mean we You know like she has to get some of those too. So I. Think I, think It could be smart and I think there's, there's a lot of caricatures out there of her but when You see her like talking like she sounds pretty normal. Yeah, you know what I mean? So I think that's good. Why isn't she on Hot ones? That's my question. How come she hasn't gone on hot ones yet? I. I, I. Think They would if They could. I'm not sure if Hot Wants wants them. I I think like They. They're I know they're In their own. She Would be So good. She would be So good. I would Love to see that too.


Pot Save America is brought to You by Indoc Chino, you can't go wrong with the classic suit. A good suit I. I'm gonna a wedding this weekend put on a suit. I was like nice from weddings to galas fall brings more opportunities to dress up. Indochino makes It easy to get custom men's and women's wear. They'll turn heads with made to measure suits, dress shirts, blazers and more. Their latest fall Winter collection combines classic tailoring with contemporary aesthetics. Inspired by Europe's most iconic designers, You can design the suit of your dreams and fine tune every detail including lapels, linings, monograms, pocket flaps and So on it's s Great I Love Indochino. Tommy's worn Indochino. I've worn In. Chino love my Indochino. It's s great to You can figure out. You can do your lapels. You can make It look however you want. The best part is you can get a tailored fit from home. Set up your measurement profile on an Indoc Chino's website. Choose customizations without even leaving the house. Or You can opt In for a premium In person experience. Book an appointment at a showroom near you and let an Indochino style guide walk you through every step You're Gonna look smoking hot We it's s Great You Need a fire Extinguisher. That's right, that's right. Put you out 'cause you're on fire from being So hot. But it's a dry heat this fall. Update your wardrobe to quintessential suiting elements with contemporary flares from Mendocino. We've done it, we've gone to the store. It's fun. And They me. You can pick out your colors, you can measure, get a bunch of You Go In there You. Think you're just gonna get one suit. But Then, Then Then. You're like well I'll get a shirt that perfectly fitting shirt and Then. I'll buy It You know I'll, I'll, I'll get a get a get a second suit 'cause You need a summer suit. You know you'll get hooked but it's s Great this fall. I'll update your wardrobe to quintessential suiting elements with contemporary flair from Indochino. Visit indochino.com. Use code crooked to get 10% off any purchase of $399 or more. That's 10% off at I NDO C h I n o.com promo code cricket.


Alright, we talked a lot about the the national stuff. I do wanna take your pulse on some of these state level races 'cause you have a ton of experiences, especially In Pennsylvania and Arizona. So Politico had a story out this morning about alleged disarray In the democratic effort, In Pennsylvania. It read to me as like both kind of typical finger pointing. You see when Democrats are nervous, stuff that gets over torked by reporters. There was a similar story the other day about super PAC spending and people sort of carping about the main democratic super Pac and where they're spending their money, but also like It was worrisome and it kind of dovetailed with some things I have heard about the organization.


In, Pennsylvania from people In the political world, So I Dunno. What do You make of that and what do you think's happening? In, pa Okay So. This is So. I'm from Philadelphia, right? And I will say that there's a long history of Hackery In Philadelphia politics where a lot of people want like a lot of attention, right? Do I think that there's real, like some challenges to some of the campaign eng? Like yes, I do You know we All worry about Pennsylvania because Pennsylvania's kind of ball game, right? But I do think there's a lot of finger pointing that just happens So that people can say like if the worst happened, They They have already like blamed somebody else when really this is, this is about All of us trying to come together and win this race.


And I think there's a lot of really good people on the ground. In Pennsylvania, one of the people mentioned the article, Brendan McPhillips, he has run plenty of Pennsylvania statewides and he knows how to win and he's a senior advisor to the campaign. There's, there's a, there's good people working I, just think I. Think They. They haven't been holding hands with as many politicians and spreading the money around to as many politicos as who wants it. And I think that's part of the problem. Yeah, I mean it's gonna be, it's just a tough state too because there's massive spending on the presidential. But you also have this hotly contested senate race where Bob and house races. And house races. But like Bob Casey is running against McCormick who has not only the money he's raised personally, but he has two of his hedge fund billionaire buddies who dumped money into their own super Pac So.


The spending In the state is just out of control. So part of me is like Dave McCormick of Connecticut residency fame. Yeah. Connecticut hedge fund leader Dave McCormick. Right? But with That much money being spent on ads, it's like I I don't know what's actually breaking through. I Mean it's really hard because you have a bunch of very competitive house seats. In, Pennsylvania, You have the senate race. You have like You can't go anywhere. In, Pennsylvania without being communicated to. Like one of the things, one of my friends who when the Phillies lost, he said the best things, the only good thing about the Phillies losing was that They don't have to watch political ads every five Minutes anymore because They won't be In the In, the Phillies games, you know, it's, it's pretty intense. Yeah. The the one thing I did hear when we were there a couple weeks ago, a very well connected person said to me, I'm worried about Harris In, the Philly suburbs.


Have You heard anything about That? I Don't buy that I mean maybe, maybe they're more connected than I am but I think I think Harris is gonna really turn out In the suburbs. I Think I think her voters are really gonna come out for her. Do you see That? Trump's gonna go to a McDonald's on Sunday to work the fry cooker. I hope he's wearing a full suit and tie. Is this an actual thing that's happening? In, Pennsylvania. I I did not hear that. That's terrible. Or I guess regular like I mean he has to do these things to show that he's a regular guy. 'cause there's nothing about him that is regular. Yeah, nothing says regular guy like full suit and tie. Pretending to work the fry cooker before you like slip somebody a hundred and leave the Mickey Ds. Last thing you, you mentioned something about an ice cream truck for ballots giving You some hope and P Yes Okay, So.


Let's have some good news. We never, you know like So, there is a Montgomery County commissioner, his name is Neil Mia and Montgomery County is one of the few county, like one of the best turnout counties. In, Pennsylvania, it's the suburb of Philadelphia. And when your ballot isn't quite right, like if You mail In your ballot and there's an arrow They throw it out, right? But what he's doing is when They come In with ballots that are, that there's problems, They go In like a old like ice cream tray and go find voters and help them make their ballots correct. So, their vote counts called curing them, right? So here are All. Yeah, So here are All. These people out there who are trying to make their like trying to say like there's conspiracies or They. They don't want your vote to count.


Like, and here's a good story, In, Pennsylvania, if someone trying to get every vote, In, So, That, every voice counts. I Love that. We need more people like that. See if you're, if you're anxious and texting your friends about dor shit, go do that. The other state that we talk about a lot is Arizona. We were there a couple months ago. It was 110 degrees I couldn't believe It people are canvasing. the polling has been noisy. The journal had Harris up two on Sunday. The Times Sienna poll had Trump up five on Saturday. The average, the times average has Harris up two. The 5 38 average has Trump up 1.5. God only knows what's right. Right? It's All In the market. This is Why you should stop paying attention to polls. Like it's only gonna make you crazy, make You crazy. I can't even follow them, let alone make, keep track of 'em.


So, you're working on Ruben Gallegos senate race there, which means I'm not gonna ask You for any, you know, privilege information unless you wanna cough 'em up. But I do Not Okay Democrats generally seem to be optimistic about gall less optimistic about Harris. What do you think about that So? What I would say is Arizona is still Arizona. Like there's still more Republicans, In In independents than there are Democrats. Like we should be concerned with Arizona. And that means it's not like it's gonna be a walk for Reen Gallego either. Like we should All be, you know, taking this very seriously on All levels. I do think That Harris is out there, you know, really trying to, to spread her message to voters.


She's got, she's talking a lot to the republic like reasonable Republicans, In, Arizona and I. Think at the end of the day, I think she's gonna bring a lot of them over to her I really do Carrie Lake, it's So wild to watch her go from being the craziest person, In All of politics to try to just sand off the edges and go like full gauzy lens. Barbara Walters, like this new person out there In the campaign trail. Is it That people buying that I? Don't think it's not work. No, No, I don't think people are buying that I. Mean I think she is. She is someone who is really out for herself and at the end of the day, everything comes back to what she wants. And she is not someone who is fully truthful. I do think voters see through her, but I also think like she's not really trying to convince anyone.


She told McCain Republicans to get the hell out of the party. Right. You know, Ruben has spent two years going to every like community, In, Arizona across the, across the whole state and meeting voters where They are and talking to them. And he, he understands them. Like he's a working class kid. He may, he's a veteran and he has really connected with a lot of people and they're like, You know I'm a Republican, but I'm voting for Reen. We did a live show, In Arizona back In September. And, and Reuben Gago was our guest. I feel like he had been I marching In a parade at like 7:00 AM that morning someplace five hours away. And Then drove to the show. Sounds right show. And I was like All, right? This guy's grinding So. You're working on this race. I mean, what is it telling You what you're seeing In the numbers. In Arizona about Latino support for Democrats generally.


'cause that's a huge concern. So So, a lot of Latinos, In, Arizona and you know, every are Independences, right? And I think That. Democrats traditionally have used them as a turnout audience and not as a persuasion audience, which means that it's been about turning out the vote, not actually communicating with Latino voters and I think what Ruben has been doing over the last two years is actually communicating to voters about what he wants to do as a senator and I. Think Democrats need to talk to voters more about their plans and not just say like, you're with us, let's turn out the vote. And I think we're doing that, but it, it took a minute. Like we've been a little slow.


Like Democrats, In general with voters of color, of understanding, like You should actually persuade them to, to vote for You and You. Don't just have a, you can't take any votes for granted. Yeah. I would've liked That to happen a little quicker. Yeah. A couple years ago. Finally, let So, let's talk about a couple critical house raises. We have not, we've barely talked about You know the house on this show because Nobody talks about the house. Nobody gives the house any love I know, I've made this pitch before. I'm gonna say It again. If you are sitting at home and You are terrified that Trump is gonna win, the best thing you can do beyond helping Harris is like making sure Trump would have a check on his power. And that is give delivering a democratic house. The house is very winnable, right?


There are races All across the country, probably near a lot of your listeners. There's, there's races, In, California, In, New York, and Then, All, In, the purple and red states states that, that Democrats can win. We saw In, Northern New Jersey, Sue Altman is now like neck and neck with Tom Ke. That's a good Democrat to give to Janelle Delson out In, Pennsylvania, York, York, Pennsylvania. It's a like, traditionally Trump a Republican area, but Scott Perry's like a little too, went a little too far, a little too maga for that district. And I think she has a Great chance. There's Jonathan Nez, the former Navajo Nation president who's running against Eli Crane.


In. Arizona, I mean we have So many good candidates and I, just I think like number one, the Democrats are doing the work. They're raising, they're out raising All of these Republicans. They're, they're, they're trying to like communicate their message. And They are They are normal people and that we should try and be behind them and elect them. So. Is there like a dynamic you're seeing broadly are, are these house races or the Democrats running ahead of Kamala Harris? Are there candidate quality issues? I know there's So many races. It's hard to draw with a broad brush or anything. We should learn from It I think a lot of these Republicans are running as, as MAGA candidates, In districts where They, where people don't want That and I think Democrats are doing a good job of, of raising money from, from small dollars.


You know. From small donors to, to just communicate their message and talk about what we stand for. I think Democrats have been more inviting to people who are to who disagree than, than Magar Republicans are at this moment. Yeah. Oh, right. That's a hundred percent true. I mean, as you mentioned earlier, KA Lake told them to, to get out of the party if you're not a yeah, if you're not a Trump fan, well, That is good advice. And also another thing you can do if you're anxious I know we're gonna, we're gonna All knock on doors here In some of these California races because California and New York, man, I mean that could be, that could tip this whole thing. Yeah. I mean can You I. Imagine like, like I would say the, the New York is where we lost the house last time and it could be where we win the house this time, right?


Battleground New York Battleground, California. Go check out those websites because They They can, you can go out right now and help help them out. Have You guys got your shit together or is or is everyone still getting arrested? What's happening? In New York. New York's a disaster. not Lie. How's the state party? I'm not defending New York. I mean this. Let me just vent about the state party please for just one second. The New York Democratic Party was not built to win general elections. Why? It is a disaster. Because They never thought They had to. They're they're a mess. They've been a mess for years. They care more about beating progressives than They. C care about beating Republicans. It is I I think it needs some You know some, some cleaning out my A little refresh, my refresh.


Well, it's So frustrating because like you, you see these states where there is a really smart, well-functioning state democratic party like Wisconsin, right? Where they've had people In place doing the work for years and years and years. And you can see the impact on the ground. You see how professional They are. You see them doing events In off years and winning state Supreme Court races and, and knocking on doors 18 months before an election and doing deep canvassing and persuasion and not just GOTV events and dumb ads at the end. And you're like, yeah, I will give All the money I have to Wisconsin Democrats, the Wisconsin Democratic Party because They are So competent. But it's like, how do we take Ben Wickler the chair there and, and clone him and send him to 50 states I?


Mean I Think the problem is that there's, there's a lot of red pockets, In, In blue states and the people In charge have No idea how to deal with It, right? Whereas the folks who have been In, the purple states have been working on it for some time and It is I. Some of the reddest parts of this country are In, the the B Bluest states. And, and we got worry about, like I talked to you about All, the challenges that might That might win, but there's also people like Johanna Hayes, In Northwest Connecticut, who's now got a very tough race. Like that's another Democrat. We need to go support So. It just, it's a, it's a, it's a weird moment for sure, but we gotta we gotta get our parties They gotta get their shit together. Gotta get her shit together, get our state party shit together.


Well listen again. So listeners know Rebecca has been my friend for a long time. She's someone I text about my anxiety usually before like 6:00 AM So. It's good to actually just do this on the podcast. It's a lot. Yeah, it's a lot more constructive. But that's our show for Today. Thank you So much for being here. Dan and John will be back with a new episode on Friday. It won't be as good as this, but you should still listen to it. Anyway. Thank you Rebecca. Thanks Tommy. Bye. If You want to get Ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cr.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more Plus.


If you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want In on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Ferris Safari. Re Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn.


Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Carol Aviv, and David Tolls.