
It is spooky season, and there's nothing scarier than the ghouls who haunt the halls of Congress restricting abortion access. If you want to fight for bodily autonomy, the crooked store is stopped with plenty of goodies to fill your bag From abortion. Bans are creepy teas and stickers to abortion is healthcare teas. There's tons of stuff to help you push back against those zombie laws from the 18 hundreds. So are you afraid of the dorks who wanna control women's bodies? Don't be head to crook.com/store to grab all the merch you need to get through election season, I mean, spooky season. Why not both? All of it.


Welcome to Po Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show with a little over one week until election day, both candidates are trying to close the deal with the remaining undecided voters. Kamala Harris has the Obama's Beyonce and a big speech in DC at the scene of the January 6th attack while Donald Trump has Elon Musk, an interview with Joe Rogan and Tucker Carlson calling him a daddy who's ready to Spank America. Wild stuff, not making it up, not a joke. Folks. And later Texas Congressman Colin Allred stops by to talk about Kamala's last minute visit to his home state and the latest in his critical race to unseat Ted Cruz. But.


first, not one, but two four star generals who worked for Donald Trump, have now called him a fascist who praised Hitler. And so the big debate is, will it hurt Kamala Harris? God, I hate everything. I'm kidding. Kind of, kind of. You're not, you're not really kidding. But the vice president was asked about John Kelly's comments during a CNN town hall with undecided Pennsylvania voters on Wednesday night in a possible preview of the closing argument speech she'll give next Tuesday. Here's what she said. You've Quoted General Mille calling Donald Trump a, a fascist. You yourself have not used that word to describe him. Let me ask you tonight, do you think Donald Trump is A fascist?


Yes, I do. Yes I do. And I also believe that the people who know him best on this subject should be trusted. And he's gonna sit there unstable, unhinged, plotting his revenge, plotting his retribution, creating an enemy's list. I'm gonna tell you, my list will be a list of how I address and continue to address the issues that you all are raising this afternoon and evening. It'll be a to-do list about how we can impact the American people. All right? She used the F word, Dan. I didn't, I didn't see too many pearls clutched over this, but what did you think of the, of that answer on John Kelly?


I think if the retired four star general responsible for implementing Donald Trump's Dian immigration policies then became his chief of staff thinks he's a fascist. Who is Kamala Harris to disagree with that. I mean, she had, she had to say yes to it. It's like, it is sort of like a dumb DC trap. Like are you gonna use the word, are you gonna use the word, I know you've described him in the following ways, but are you gonna use the actual, the actual word? You can use the word in his name in the same sentence. Are you gonna do it? Are you gonna do it? And so it's kind of a dumb conversation. We can talk about the political discourse around whether it hurts or anything else, but what I do like is the, the, the construction that came after that about the enemies list and the to do list. Donald Trump's gonna be seeking vengeance to satisfy his own needs, and Kamala Harris is gonna be out there doing things for you like that's the right framework.


'cause you have to make it matter to people's lives. 'cause the idea whether he's a fascist is an esoteric concept to a lot of people. And a lot of people probably don't even know what the word means or can't really define it. I was gonna say, if you asked a sample of people in this country to define fascism, I I think you'd be bewildered by what you find. Yes, They do know Hitler though. Maybe A little know Hitler, maybe a bit disappointed. They do know Hitler. They know. Yes. I mean, but you're right. Like there's, there's three different answers you can give to that question. No, he's not a fascist, which obviously she's not gonna say she said yes or she could have done something like, let me tell you what I think he is, and then defined him herself. But that's sort of like a squirrely answer. And then Anderson Cooper would've said, okay, so yes or no fascist, right?


Yeah. And then suddenly it's a whole thing. And if she doesn't say yes, then it's out of the headlines. And again, I'm, I'm sure the Harris campaign probably thinks it's a good day for them when their opponent is in the headlines. Because four star generals who worked for him think he's a fascist and said that he praised Hitler. I, I, I'm new in politics, but I don't know. I feel like it's, it's, it's, it's bad for you when people who used to work for you who are in the military said that you're a fascist who praises Hitler. We think Everything Is so stupid, Dan. It's The whole thing is, so it just, there is like a very serious thing here, which is put aside the use of whether Millie and Kelly and all these resting people use this term fascist.


What they're telling us is that he is a dangerous man who has tried on multiple occasions to use military force against American citizens and believes that the people who work from including the members of the military should be personally loyal to Trump over their loyalty to the constitution or the nation. That is the thing here. Whether we use the word or not is an idiotic Washington DC debate. It just speaks to the ability of politics, political discourse in the media in this country to pull every important issue to its dumbest possible formulation. Okay? I feel a little bit better for saying that He wanted the Department of Justice to investigate his political opponents. He wanted the IRS to audit his political opponents.


He wanted to withhold federal aid to places in the country that needed it, but didn't vote for him. He asked his defense secretary why the military couldn't shoot unarmed protestors, black Lives matters protestors. He's asked multiple times why he couldn't use the military against protesters. He has in been threatening to take away CBS's broadcast license because Kamala Harris did an interview with them that made him mad, right? As we're recording, he just once again said that the press are bad people. That they are the enemy of the people and he doesn't like them. Like what? Okay, call what, whatever you wanna call that you can call it. You can call him a fascist. You can call him a strong man.


You can call him a demagogue, a tyrant, whatever the fuck you, you call him an asshole if you want, but he's, the guy wants to take away people's freedoms. He's already taken reproductive freedom away from the women of this country. He wants to come after freedom of the press, freedom to protest and criticize him, freedom to join a union, freedom to see a doctor when you're sick. Go on and on and on. That's what he wants to do. So I think you're right. Like talking about the what Trump will do, the threat of a fascist like Trump is probably gonna be more important to voters than just a definition or a debate over the definition of the word fascist. Harris also answered questions about the economy, abortion, immigration mistake she's made in the past.


Overall, it seems as though some of the undecided voters CNN spoke to afterwards approved. Let's listen. I think if I had to pick right now, I would, I would pick her. I think she's a better candidate. Okay. And you're a registered Republican? I'm an independent. You're an independent now. Yes. Who'd you vote for in 2020? I voted for Trump. I came out of this feeling just kind of a feeling of ad duration of her personally. I think personally, she is a good person. There are a lot of things that I connect with her as a woman. I believe it was you that asked the weakness question, you know, what is, what is your biggest weakness? And she brought up that she has people around her that she can trust that she can get the answer from.


In my line of work in it, I don't expect everybody to know the answer. I expect 'em to know how to get the answer. And her specifically that that resonated with me. Do you know how you get the answer in it? You call the it guy. Like, that's, that's a subject where I definitely don't know the answer. So it always feels like there's a bit of a gap between pundit reaction and voter reaction. This the, I can tell you the CNN panel did not have a similar reaction to those undecided voters in Pennsylvania who are actually gonna decide the election. What do you make of the, the gap there? Well, over the long sweep of history, this is not the first time there's been a gap between how pundits have interpreted a candidates performance and how voters have done it. But as, just say a couple things here.


One, typically in these sorts of things, pundits are looking at this from a very different perspective, right? They're like, they are judging it like a, like a judge at a figure skating event at the Olympics, right? So Pl what plough would always say, yeah, It's the, the ru What do the figure skating judges have to Say? Yes, the the Russian judges, he would call it. 'cause you can't get, you can't get a fair, you can't get a fair score. And it's just like she, she misses opportunity. Like there was this question about mistakes and she miss an opportunity to separate herself from Biden. And it's like, just not how normal people think about this stuff. So that's one. Two is, and we've seen in all of the research, I've seen all the message testing I've seen, there's like a very simple truth here, which is that when people see Kamala Harris, they're more likely to vote for her.


Just she. And you just think about it, it's sort of mind boggling listening to people that they were undecided before this moment, but the fact that they were, they probably actually had not seen very much of her. Maybe they saw TV commercials of her, but not her actually speaking there. She's up there, she's answering tough questions from reporters and citizens. She is doing her best to answer the, answer them earnestly and truthfully. And she is a serious person who seems to care about people, is in it for the right reasons and knows something about policy. The other side, you got this other fucking Yahoo yapping around about Arnold Palmer's putter and all this other shit that's happening. And so it's just like, if you're like, you can see why this is why she's doing these things. Because when people see her, they like her And. that is, if you're looking for reasons to be optimistic down the stretch here, that is the reason to be optimistic.


'cause the more people see Kamala Harris, the more likely they're to vote for her because she, she is better liked than Trump. Yeah. I mean, look, a lot of these pundits, some of them are democratic strategists, some of them are journalists. We've done this too. Like part of this is born out of a desire for Kamala Harris to win because a lot of these people know what a threat Donald Trump is, right? And you know, democratic strategists can be open about it. Some of the journalists maybe not, but they all, people, they, a lot of these people want Kamala Harris to win. And they're so nervous as we are because it's so fucking close. And so we're scrutinizing every performance and everything she says and want it to be perfect so badly because we want her to win, right?


Because we don't, we're worried about how it's gonna play with some voter if she says something wrong, and guess what? She's gonna make mistakes and she's gonna say things that are wrong. And also she's got the weight of the world on her shoulders Right now, she has been the nominee for 90 days. This is her whole campaign. She was thrust into this. Is that what It is? Yeah. 90 day campaign, basically. Jesus Christ. I know. And so like I, and look, you can see some of the, her answers were, I thought were like crisp, great, whatever some of them were, you know, when she doesn't want to answer a question because she's worried about sort of like the political implications of saying X or Y, she sort of like devolves into a little bit of word salad. Like that's just what she does. And every politician has that kind of dodge.


And by the way, almost every other presidential candidate has like a whole year to, yeah, This is a Very important point. Practice, practice giving bad answers to questions because they all do it. And you usually practice like off Broadway for a while before you are thrust into the spotlight. She did not have that opportunity. And she has run a near flawless campaign. And so like, yeah, once in a while when she, she gets a question that's like sort of politically tricky. She does, you know, she's just gonna say a bunch of words to avoid actually answering it. But you gotta think A, the other guy wants to shoot the protesters. And B, voters don't actually judge these candidates as harshly as the pundits do. And like, I sort of learned this with the Vance Walls debate.


Like Vance was very polished. Walls stumbled a few times. And then after the debate voters were like, oh, JD Vance might have won the debate, but I liked Tim Walls better. He's just, he's just a better guy because they can see through the bullshit, right? And so I think sometimes we treat voters even that we are frustrated with them for being undecided, but therefore we treat them as stupid. And they're not stupid. They kind of get it and they get that. Sometimes people don't answer a question or something, do whatever. But like the overall impression of Kamala Harris that was left with these voters was a real favorable one And. that is, that was true at the debate. That was true with the convention. That's every time I've seen a dial test about one of her appearances, whether it's the podcasts she's been doing at the interviews is she leaves every interaction with the voters who see her.


And it's hard to get the people to see her, but with the voters who see her liking her more and being more open to vote for her, Yeah, it doesn't mean she's gonna win. But for the voters who are seeing her Yeah, they like what They And that, that's the challenge. Yeah, exactly. So as I mentioned earlier, the Harris campaign has announced that the vice president will be giving a closing argument speech on Tuesday evening on the ellipse that's part of the National Mall just beyond the White House South fence where Donald Trump appeared at the Stop the Steal rally on January 6th, and of course urged his followers to March to the Capitol. We all know what happened next. What is the strategy behind doing a speech like this in general? And then what do you think about this location? I mean, you've written a bunch of these, so you as, you probably have some really smart things to say about it.


But the ultimate idea here is there's like a handful of events during a campaign where the press will cover you and give you pretty straight coverage, right? They'll just say, here's what our candidate had to say today. This is their message. And one of them is that whatever speech it is you label, it's basically your announcement speech, your convention speech, and your closing argument speech. We label it my closing argument speech. And what you're trying to do there is you're trying to set the terms of the debate for the last seven days of the race. You to let the press know and your supporters know, and everyone out there know what is your focus on what you think the major issues are, and here's your final message. And when you set up like a big signal of here's my final message, the next time they go cover your rally, they're gonna cover the part you've said is my final message as opposed to all the other stuff. And so it works that way.


And the choice of the location I think here is very smart. This, as far as I understand it, it's not gonna be a speech about January 6th or democracy or fascism. It's gonna be a broader argument that probably fits more with what we're seeing in her paid advertising than what you're seeing in some of the press interactions recently that gets in the economy and continues to define her and cutting costs and all of those things. But by doing it on this location, the site of Donald Trump's Day of Love is a opportunity to remind people of the danger of Donald Trump. It's a way to get attention from the press. And I think also in this, I'm sure this is not their main reason for doing it, but it's gonna trigger the living shit out of him. Like, you know what he's gonna do? He's gonna say he had a bigger crowd. Of course he's Gonna, which is gonna be very funny and not good for him.


He's gonna say, it was a wonderful crowd and it was a peaceful day and I don't know what she's doing and all that kind of stuff. Look, I think the closing argument speech is an opportunity to take your announcement speech, take your convention speech, and slim it down to one tight argument and to, to And that speech in your final week, right? Where you're gonna have, you know, presumably be in front of really big rallies is like a, a pump up speech for everyone, right? Yeah. Like it's, it is a signal to the press as you said, that the press is gonna cover it, but it's also like you are literally making your final argument to voters who are tuning in some of them, some of them for the first time in the last week to see both candidates. So it is a distillation of your message in the tightest way possible.


You know, there's been this debate among democratic strategists, pundits about the wisdom of closing on Trump's threat versus Kamala's vision. And you and I have talked about this on the pod, off the pod every Day. I have Every single day. I have struggled with this in my head. This is, I think it's a tough debate. Persuadable voters keep saying they wanna know more about Kamala and what kind of president she'll be. I get that. I've been in focus groups for several years where they say they wanna know more about the candidates, they wanna know more about the economy. What are you gonna do for me? Kitchen table issues. You hear it from voters everywhere, especially swing voters, especially persuadable voters in the swing states. But the Harris campaign, Pluff said this to Puck the other day.


Their research shows that they need to elevate the risk of a second Trump term in the minds of voters And. that that is an important piece of business to get done. As well as making sure people know who Kamala is, what she stands for, what she'll do as president. What, how, what do you think about this whole debate? I think it's a little bit of a false debate. Do you have to do both? And the Harris campaign is doing both. I I took the opportunity this afternoon while we were waiting for Donald Trump to have a rally to go and look at all the ads that the Harris campaign has on the air. Do you know what they are? They do both things. They Contrast ads. Yeah. Well They're contrast ads, but there's a lot of economy in there. There is a lot of her, there's a bunch of ads. And if you're been watching sports last couple weeks, you'll see a bunch of ads of her to camera laying out her vision and her story and then tying it to her economic policies.


The, there's I think, only one totally negative ad about Trump up and it's about project 2025. And the rest are, here's who I am, here's what I'm gonna do, here's what this guy's gonna do. And so you have to do both. And I do think it's important to understand the media environment in which he's operating in. Frankly, it would be great if a, if a campaign, if the press and the social media conversation could ever be about her plan to cut costs. I'm almost laughing about it. Yeah, because I'm trying to imagine her closing argument speech, just like at a outside a factory in Pennsylvania, like at a Grocery store. She Right. She'd give it fart in the wind. Yeah. Like, like it would not, they would say like, oh yeah, she's giving a speech, speech, whatever. And she'd be like, they said something about Donald Trump's gonna cut taxes for rich people and she's gonna cut taxes for the middle class.


And then no one would fucking hear it. And I bet it would test off the charts. Yes, there turns off the charts. All This is this, actually, this fact explains almost everything you need to know about politics and media today, which is the issues that are most persuasive to voters generate the least engagement for political media. Because there's this giant divide between the political junkies and partisans who consume political media and the rest of the world. So what drives traffic and drives ratings, and it is a legitimate story, I'm not criticizing it from a journalistic perspective, is Donald Trump's chief of staff calling him a fascist. And then a big debate about whether we use the word fascist and who's a fascist and how we talk about that. What gets swing voters interested is your plan to protect social security and Medicare to protect the Affordable Care Act to cut taxes, to cut costs.


And you just can't get press coverage in that. And so her choice is talk about the things the press will cover to try and be on offense. 'cause if she's not on offense, Donald Trump's gonna be on offense or just do a bunch of things on the issues that poll best and get no coverage for it. And let Donald Trump dominate the conversation with migrants eating pets bullshit stories about gangs taking over the border or condominiums in Denver or whatever else is going on there. So it's just, I think the conversation is missing the, the broader context of politics and media right now. I mean, sometimes you just have to like put all the polls down and just like use fucking common sense. And when your opponents, former administration officials are saying that he's a fascist, you know, you don't, you don't respond to that by being like, you know, what's fascist?


These high prices, these corporations that are gouging consumers, that's what's fascist. Like what, what, what if fuck are we doing? It's like this, it's so insane. Yeah. And like, again, I am someone who like, it was obsessed with the data and the polls and the focus groups, but like at some point you gotta, you just, you gotta say what's real to people, what people are seeing in their own lives, which is when it comes to choosing between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris, Donald Trump, who is promising to do all these things. Mike Poser, who has been on the wilderness a lot, he's a democratic strategist, is very steeped in the research and, and focus groups and all that. He, he made a a, a really good point in one of his newsletters, which is everyone always says, well, the reason you don't talk about Trump is 'cause everyone's already made up their mind about Trump.


People know everything there is to know about Donald Trump. And he argues that may be true about Trump, the person and Trump's character. He goes, but what people don't know is the sort of threat level, their, their consciousness about the threat that Trump poses sort of changes from time to time. Because not everyone's paying attention to everything he says. 'cause he says so much bullshit all the time. He, you know, he, there's chaos and drama around him all the time. And so what you need to do is sort of elevate the risk of a Trump second term with new information about Donald Trump and what he's gonna do. That doesn't mean you just yell about Trump Orange man bad. Right? Like that's, we get it.


People, people have made up their mind about Donald Trump, the person. But what Donald Trump might do is still very much up for grabs. And he also makes the point when you look back at the last couple elections, if only the people who voted in 2016 voted in 2020, some of them switched from Trump to Biden, but Biden would still lose the electoral college if that was the only electorate you had. Biden wins in 2020 because of irregular voters, you know, low propensity, sporadic voters, whatever you wanna call them, who sat out in 2016 and then came back into the electorate in 2020. And those voters were far more likely to say that the reason they came out in 2020 was to stop Trump, not to support Biden.


Right. And so there are these, he calls these like an anti MAGA coalition. There are these voters who don't tend to vote in every election, but they have come out in 18, in 20 and 22 to vote against Donald Trump. Some of them might be independent, some of them might be Republicans, some of them might be just Democrats who don't vote all the time. And those people right now are like, a lot of them are maybe Harris voters, right? She hasn't locked in that whole coalition yet. But what they'll need is a reminder that the threat of a Trump second term is very real and very dangerous. And I think that's what the campaign is doing, even as they're also having a bunch of ads and having her say like what who she is and what she's for, right?


Like they have to define her too. But you gotta walk, chew gum at the same time. You gotta do both. The only campaign in recent history that it only does one thing is the 2024 Trump campaign, which only runs negative ads about Kamala Harris. Right. Almost every other campaign, like we've, we just have such short fucking memories in this country. Every campaign has a positive message and a negative message at the end. It's not, it's not bizarre. They're doing both. You don't have to pick between them, especially when you have all the money they have. You can run all the ads you want, you can do the things you want. And so it's like, I get all the concerns about this. The, the debate about it, you know, what she emphasizes in her speech will be interesting, but you have to do both. Yeah. And it look, it, it, the real challenge too is coming up with a story that kind of connects everything.


Because when you go from the threat of a second Trump term and you're talking about him like wanting to like shoot protestors and, you know, shred the constitution, and then you're like, but he also wants to give a big tax cut to rich people. Yeah. Like it is, it's, it's hard to fit it all into a story. But I do think to your earlier point though, like he's gonna be sitting in the Oval Office focused on his enemies list, and I'm gonna be focused on a to do list of things to get done for the American people. I think like that is the best contrast that sort of brings it all together. Another possible side effect to focusing on how dangerous Trump is, is that it's a pretty serious tone. It's certainly different from the, the joy from from brat summer, Ah, the days Not so long ago.


I know, right? Do you think, is there a way, is there a need to revive that feeling in the final two weeks? Or is it, can you do both? What do you think? You can absolutely do both, because you can paint a picture. 'cause the flip side, another way of thinking about the message of joy is hope. And like this is a righteous cause that Kamala Harris, this campaign and the entire movement of people working to defeat Donald Trump are on. And it is to turn the page on a very dark era personified by this very dark and dangerous person. And to paint the picture of what that looks like, right? What the new way forward looks like. Imagine what it would be like if Kamala Harris is sitting in the Oval office, right. And Donald Trump has, has lost the election, and then a few weeks after losing the election has to show up in Manhattan for his criminal sentencing.


Right? So I think you can be hopeful. You can be hopeful. And to me that is an even easier turn to make. Right? Yeah. Because after you talk about the, it's like you, she can say, we don't have to live this way. Yeah. Right? Like, we do not have to let politicians like Donald Trump divide us and make us afraid of each other all the time and make us angry at each other all the time. Just so he can take power for himself and help himself and his rich friends. And like we, we can turn the page on all that in in one week. We can turn the page on all that we can. We can defend our freedoms, we can defend opportunity and equal treatment under the law. And we can get back to the business of like working together and reaching out to actually do things for people to make their lives better, which is what he and maga politicians have prevented us from doing for even when Joe Biden was president Yeah.


For nine years. For the last four years. Right. And so, like, I think I, you can definitely end on a note of hope there. And it's, I don't think it's discordant at all.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Lomi. One of the worst things about trash day, the smell, not to mention the pests, ants, fruit flies, even raccoons making a mess of the garbage. It's time to break up with your trash can. Lomi is your clean eco-friendly partner. Lomi lets you turn your food scraps into dirt with the push of a button. It's a countertop electric composter that takes your waste and transforms it into nutrient rich dirt in less than four hours. Just imagine how much waste you're keeping out of landfills. Less trash means less methane. And with OMI you can turn that waste into nutrient rich dirt that your plants will absolutely love. Loomis great. It's very quiet. It takes the smell out of your kitchen if your trash is there or if it's like right outside your house. There's just like too much waste. It smells too bad. Lomi is great. It four hours and, and then you have some, you have some dirt and you can use that to grow some plants or whatever you'd like to do with your dirt. If you're ready to start making a positive environmental impact and make clean up a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. Head over to lomi.com/crooked and use promo code crooked to get $50 off your lmi. That's $50 off when you go to oi.com/crooked and use promo code crooked at checkout. Say goodbye to food waste and hello to a cleaner greener kitchen with Lomi. And with the holidays coming up, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your shopping list.


It's spooky season and there's nothing scarier than the ghouls who haunt the halls of Congress restricting abortion access. If you want to fight for bodily autonomy, the crooked store is stopped with plenty of goodies to fill your bag From abortion. Bans are creepy tees and stickers to abortionist healthcare tees. There's tons of stuff to help you push back against those zombie laws from the 18 hundreds. So are you afraid of the dorks who wanna control women's bodies? Don't be head to crook.com/store to grab all the merch you need to get through election season. I mean spooky season. Why not Bo? All Of it?


Pods Save America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home thanks to their online only model. They have some really delightful prices too. They're curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scan and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple articles. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus they won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Articles, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. We love article. We have some article furniture here in the office at Crooked. We've had it for a while. It has some article patio furniture. It looks great, it's very affordable and it arrives very quickly. So a plus all around articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Speaking of joy, we got Beyonce headlining a Harris rally in her hometown of Houston tonight. We also had Bruce Springsteen and Tyler Perry appearing with Harris and Barack Obama on Thursday night in Atlanta. Usher did a Harris rally in Atlanta as well. James Taylor played a senate at Tim's Walls rally in North Carolina. Leaving Obama aside was having the time of his life out there. Just, just rapping. Lose yourself. What's the value do you think of these big celebrity events? It's attention, right? Like it is impossible to get attention in this totally fucked up media environment, particularly when you're running against someone like Donald Trump who is a reality star. Attention moner. And so the fact that she's, and plus, because of all the anticipation that Beyonce was gonna make a surprise appearance at the convention.


Like this is the one people have been waiting for. You know, pe more people pay attention. The clips will go more viral in TikTok. People will see it, you'll get a bigger crowd, which matters a lot in these battleground states. 'cause you might, especially with these musicians, you might get people who wouldn't otherwise come to a rally 'cause they wanna hear Beyonce play a song or hear Bruce Springsteen play a song. And those are people who maybe, maybe aren't gonna vote necessarily, but they might come or show up or at least be, you know, prophesized to. And so yeah, it, it's, it's, it's a, it's, it's not the end all be all. It's not the Beyonce's endorsement is gonna win the election fur, but appearing with Beyonce will get Kamala Harris more attention. And then you just hope in the 15 seconds you have of voters' attention, you can deliver a message that will persuade them.


Yeah, I feel like it's gonna be an organizing tool as well, right? Because if those extra people come, then you can get more volunteers. You can sign people up. I will note that the Aris tour is back in the United States after it was overseas. And there is a gap in Taylor Swift's schedule between October 27th and November 1st when she's in Indianapolis. So next week, who knows? It'd be nice if Taylor showed up at a, at a Kamala Harris rally. Do you think? I don't know anything. I'm just, I'm just wishing that Into, I would be honest with you, I'm manifesting that into system. No one Assumed you did Well the way I said it, I was sort of like, get ready everyone. I don't you, I don't wanna be accused. I don't wanna be Like you sounded like RFK talking about vaccines.


I'm just online. I'm looking at the schedule. I'm doing some research. Our new Healthy Human Services secretary Yes, Yes. Maha Yeah. There's, there's something for you. There's something for you worried about your kids vaccines. RFK Junior in charge. Alright, so Harris has Beyonce and Trump has Tucker Carlson, the man who nearly brought down Fox News over alleged sexism and harassment, introduced Trump at a rally in Georgia on Wednesday where he reached for this metaphor to describe the relationship between Donald Trump and America. There has to be a point at which dad comes home and he's pissed. Dad is pissed. He's not vengeful.


He loves his children disobedient as they may be. He loves them because there is children. They live in his house, but he's very disappointed in their behavior and he's gonna have to let them know. And when dad gets home, you know what he says? You've been a bad girl. Bad You've been a bad little girl, and you're getting a vigorous spanking right now. And no, it's not gonna hurt me more than it hurts you. No, it's not. I'm not gonna lie. It's gonna hurt you a lot more than it hurts me. And you earned this. You're getting a vigorous spanking because you've been a bad girl. I, I knew that happened.


I don't think I'd heard the whole clip. I was Not quite prepared for that vigorous spanking that Tucker Carlson is very, very excited about, Enthusiastic about This story. Enthusia, he he's thought about that one for a while. Yeah. Call him daddy. That's Tucker. Literally, literally. He's just, he wants America to call Donald Trump. Daddy. What was that? What was that? Just to trigger Libs. I was that, to just play out his weird fantasy. What the fuck Was that? I think his brain is broken. I don't know what else to say. I don't think there's a strategy. I don't think there's a message.


I don't think it's just to trigger Libs. There are many ways to do that. That's less fucking weird than that was like this, Tim Walls needed more evidence for his Republicans of weird message. Just, there you go. I mean, what a closing argument. Trump Daddy's home now we're all getting a spanking. Daddy will. I I can't, I can't. That was smart, Dan. It was like, I'm not gonna say it because they're gonna clip me outta contest. I can't see Elijah, but I know what is in his head. Yes, I was gonna say, yeah. All right. I, we just had to play that one. Trump himself was in Arizona on Thursday where his campaign said he'd be previewing his closing message with voters.


They described that closing message as Harris broke it. Trump will fix it. His campaign sent out excerpts that say, my message today is simple. Kamala's migrant invasion disqualifies her from the presidency. He started speaking right before we were recording. He did say that he looks like he's like staying on prompter more than usual. But, you know, we did get some of this, A lot of people coming out of the Congo, not just South America, they're coming from 181 countries as of yesterday. Right. And we're a dumping ground. We're like a, we're like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened.


That's what's happened to, we're like a garbage can. You know, it's the first time I've ever said that. And every time I come up and talk about what they've done to a country, I get angry and angrier. First time I've ever said garbage can. But you know what, it's a very accurate description. Speaking of hope and joy, what do we think of Donald Trump trying to have a closing argument and a closing message, which is, Harris broke it, Trump will fix it. They say We're offering people something to vote for, not just vote against. That's what the campaign has been saying. I think that's probably a little bit of a stretch there. I mean, it's not, it's not the, the basic framework is fine, I guess.


I just don't think that people believe that Kamala Harris broke it. Yeah. That's just not, we've seen none of that in the research that they hold her personally accountable for things they don't like in American policy right now, whether it's inflation or immigration. Now they have had some traction making the case that she's not the best person to change it because she's so closely associated with the Biden administration. But this idea that she personally opened the doors to make America a trashcan is that's not don't. I know. And it's like, you're right. Like with just a little, not that they do subtlety or nuance well, but with just a little subtlety and nuance. You could make the argument like, well, you say that Biden did this. Well, you were right there as vice president.


Why didn't you tell him not to? Right. Like they, they did, they just skipped right over that. They were like, she was president for the last four years and she did all these things, which I think is just, I don't know, it's sort of a sort of a lazier version of it. But they can't help themselves. You know, for my YouTube show, political experts react. We, I watch all these Trump ads, right? And this has been, I've been doing this show for four years now. And this is true of all the Trump mostly Republican ads now, just 'cause they're, they, everyone's been, Trump pilled is just, they can't ever use a scalpel. It's always just a giant s sweatshirt. So there's like a good effective, worrisome message buried in there, but they're just like two broken brains or want be testosterone filled to actually do that.


And so they just like way overshoot the runway every single time. And this is emblematic of that trend. Well, and justing that their strategy in the home stretch and over the last month has just been to drive Kamala Harris's negatives up as much as they possibly can to just try to disqualify her so that Trump becomes the better choice on, you know, an issue like the economy or immigration. Yeah. That's what they did with Hillary. They were, they, they, yeah, they were. Mark Caputo at the Bulwark had a piece today on how much the Trump campaign has spent on these anti-trans ads. 26 million I think. Yeah. And then the next like 5 million was the next issue. And, that was the economy. 5 million versus 26, 20 9 million on anti-trans ads.


And you know, I, I do think part of those ads, you know, which is about like her saying that she, you know, that that inmates should get, be able to get transition surgery, even if they're undocumented or whatever bullshit thing there is, is, you know, they end that ad with Trump is for you. Kamala is for they them. Kamala is not for you. She's for they them. Right? Which I think is not, you know, in, in the, in the immediate instances about trans issues. But more broadly what they're trying to do there is just say like, she's not for you, she's for someone else. She's too radical. Which is, which is a, which is a message that Trump and Republicans have used about Democrats and Republicans have used their Democrats for decades, right?


Like, they're always trying to tell you Democrats, they, they're not for you, they're for just the poor or therefore black Americans or Latino Americans or immigrants or gay people or trans people, right? Like, and so you are hardworking, you're a hardworking person and you pay your taxes and you're trying to get ahead and the Democrats just want to give all that to someone else. And they have just been, and basically they told Mark Cap Peter, their strategy is to just, just tear her down. Make people think that she's not for them And, that she's weak, And, that Trump will be the best alternative. And like, who knows, you know, I guess, I mean, if he, if he wins, we'll we'll see that it works. But, but that's clearly the strategy there. I mean, this question right here is the hinge point of every American election since the eighties with the possible exception of 2004, which is demo, or it's all a question about who's fighting for who.


Right? And Republicans wanna make Democrats look like they're fighting for poor people, immigrants, people on welfare. The 47% in mit, Romney's parlance. And Democrats want to show Republicans be fighting for rich people and corporations. And whoever wins that argument tends to win the election. Yeah. So after a lot of will here won, he speculation. Trump's also sitting down with Joe Rogan for an interview in Texas on Friday. Obviously Trump's been doing a tour of the Manosphere podcast. So in some ways obvious move, but Rogan's also criticized Trump in the past. And he risks here. I mean, it is funny that Trump has made himself to the final boss of the Manna podcast.


He's, he's got you, you got, you gotta defeat Theo Vaughn and Andrew Schultz and the Milk Boys, and then you can finally get to Joe Rogan. Yeah, I think there's tons of risk here. I mean, Rogan is the kind of interviewer where Trump could get himself in a lot of trouble because it's really, he doesn't, he doesn't ask. It's not that he ask hard questions. It's really a very meandering conversation about what's going through Joe Rogan's mind at the time. It's a lot of runway for Trump to run into something or make mistakes. I'll be very interested to see how Rogan handles this. 'cause he has been critical of Trump. He has, he has pushed back on the idea that he's supporting Trump. He's obviously not a fan of Kamala Harris or Joe Biden.


So I'm just, I'll be very interested to see this is a bit, this is a, it's, this is high, high risk, high reward for Trump. No question. There was a report a couple weeks ago that Kamala Harris might do. Rogan. What, what do you think happened there? It's a great question. And there was a lot of speculation when she was coming to Texas to do this event on Friday. Both the event with Beyonce and now the, in the abortion speech was that she would do Rogan while you're there. 'cause Trump is going to Austin to do this. I don't think Rogan Rogan doesn't do road road games. You, you come to his house to do it. When you have, when you're the largest podcast in the world, you do that, we would get on a fucking greyhound bust to interview someone. But, but, but not if you're Joe Rogan. I don't know. I don't maybe, I don't know whether he wa was unwilling to do it or they couldn't come to an agreement on what it, on timing or what it would look like.


Maybe the campaign didn't want to spend, you know, it's an to go to Austin specifically to, to spend hours and hours doing this interview. Yeah. I mean, for her it's Maybe, maybe she's going to surprise Trump. She's just gonna show up. That would be very playing. Joe Rogan loves professional wrestling. And so her coming in like busting through the door, like macho man savage. Let's, let's do the Debate right now. Here. Let's debate me. Debate me college. She, she is in Texas at the same time. I mean, that would be, I that would be an October surprise people. And also it's like, this is the final week. Do the big rallies, get everyone excited. Yeah. Let's just like, you know, drive it home here. Okay. When we come back from the break, Texas Congressman Colin All Redd talks with Tommy about beating Ted Cruz and Kamala Harris'.


Big visit to Houston tonight.


Before we do that, look friend of the pod subscription, 25% off new annual subscriptions right now through election day. So take advantage of that. That's $30 in savings. You'll be supporting a progressive independent media company at a time when we could use progressive independent media companies. You'll get ad free episodes of Pod Save America subscription exclusive shows like Dan's Polar Coaster and lots more. You can subscribe now at crooker.com/friends or through the Pod Save America Feed on Apple podcast. If you're already a monthly subscriber, you can easily upgrade to an annual plan and new subscribers can join in less than a minute.


But enough about us, this is much more important. We got two weekends left before election day. Are you helping out this weekend? Ask yourself, are you, have you signed up? The time is now. It's easy to figure out how to get to where you're needed for the day, for the weekend, for the final few days. Just go to Vote Save America dot com slash travel. Also, we are asking you to reach out to three people you know, in the battleground states to make sure they're voting. VSA has tools for that too. Three people do it. Go through your contacts if they, if you wanna do more than three, do more than three and tell us all about it. Post it. Tell your friends you're doing it and get them to do it. If everyone, if everyone gets three friends, three people they know in Battleground states to vote Kamala Harris wins. We can all, we can all rest easy early voting's underway as you get ready to vote. You can also use vsa, build your own ballot tool. It's gonna help you figure out how you wanna vote on every line of your ballot. We all get those texts from our friends on election day morning asking about the ballot initiatives here in California. Do everyone a favor and get informed at Vote Save America dot com slash vote. Just plug in your address and it's all right there when we come back.


Call on all Red Alred. It's spooky season. And there's nothing scarier than the ghouls who haunt the halls of Congress restricting abortion access. If you want to fight for bodily autonomy, the crooked store is stocked with plenty of goodies to fill your bag From abortion bans our creepy teas and stickers to abortion is healthcare teas. There's tons of stuff to help you push back against those zombie laws from the 18 hundreds. So are you afraid of the dorks who wanna control women's bodies? Don't be head to crooked.com/store to grab all the merch you need to get through election season. I mean, spooky season. Why not both? All Of it.


Joining Us today is the man we all believe is going to finally defeat Ted Cruz and become the next US Senator from Texas. Representative Colin Allred. Congressman, it's great to see you. Welcome back. Yeah, Thanks for having me on, Tommy. I appreciate You. It's great to talk to you as always. So we're just a couple weeks out from the election, the polls have you within single digits of Ted Cruz. It's very close this year. How does a Democrat win in Texas in a presidential year? Are you focused on sort of base turnout at this point? Are you thinking about getting voters to split their ticket and go, you know, Trump all red? How, how are you thinking about winning? Yeah, well, you know, it's just a different race than the presidential ticket. And I think Texans see it that way.


And I'm a different candidate, obviously. And, and, and Ted Cruz is too, you know, this is somebody who, you know, went to Cancun when we needed him most, who is responsible for taking down, you know, a border bill who's responsible for the abortion ban that we have here in Texas and who has spent his time for 12 years pitting Texans against each other. And so, you know, as a fourth generation Texan, somebody who, you know, was raised by a single mom in Dallas as captain the football team at Baylor, trained for the draft in Houston, his family's from Brownsville. I, I think I have a pretty good take on who we are as Texans. And the thing is, is that Ted Cruz is just too small for our state and he's, his vision is too small.


His view for what we can be is too small. We're a state a big ideas of getting big things done. That's what I've done in my time in Congress. And you know, I, I know that the, obviously the presidential race is going at the same time, but they are two very distinct decisions. And I think that's what we're gonna see on November 5th. You, you recently had the, the joy of debating Ted Cruz. I just watched it. You worked him over pretty hard. Here's just a little taste of that debate for the listeners. We did a super cut The time, and again, Senator Cruz treats our border communities like he's going on some kind of a safari. He comes down, he puts on his outdoor clothes, he tries to look tough, and he goes back to Washington and does nothing to help because IVF didn't need protecting until he got his way of going after it.


No one was thinking that we needed to protect IVF. So to every Texas woman at home and every Texas family watching this understand that when Ted Cruz says he's pro-life, he doesn't mean yours. You can't be for the mob on January 6th and for the officers you can't. And it's not funny 'cause you're a threat to democracy. That was satisfying for me to listen to. Was it satisfying for you on stage or did you secretly want to line 'em up and do a little Oklahoma drill for old time sake? Yeah, I've had a lot of Texans who've told me that they thought they wished that I had done that. But you know, listen, I, he's supposed to be the champion debater, right? He was a the Princeton debate team. I was just, you know, a football player. But, you know, I think we roughed him up pretty good there.


And you know, honestly, it's just stuff that he's done, you know, and his record is indefensible And that he is tried to now in an election year completely change his entire personality. For 12 years he's been like this proud extremist and you know, you almost would respect it more if you just ran on that, right? But instead to try and, you know, pretend like as he was in the debate, you know, for example, that he wants to defend IVF No, you're responsible for why IIVF is at risk, right? Or to talk when we were talking about January 6th, you know, that was one where, you know, I I really, it, it made me angry when he started laughing, you know, during my answer.


Because, you know, there was a mob on the sixth and it did storm the capitol and it came there because of folks like Ted Cruz who lied and said the election was stolen. Who objected to the results in Arizona, who was the architect of the plan to overturn that election. And when that mob came and when I took off my so jacket and was ready to defend my colleagues on the house floor, he was hiding in a supply closet. And so this brings me back to my point. He's too small for Texas, and I, I felt that way in the debate he was shouting as he always does. You know, he's, I kinda looked like he was pretty uncomfortable and, you know, you know, it was a lot of fun for me. And I don't think it was very fun for a lot of Texans, though.


I have to listen to him for an hour. No, it's not fun at all. I did one thing about debates. I mean, Michelle Obama famously said, when they go low, we go high. But in football the low man wins. That's right. What do you make of that? That's right. Well listen, I was not gonna go in there and not call him out on his nonsense, you know? Yeah. And, and I don't think that's being negative. It's just what he is been doing. No, you just literally talked about his record. There's been a lot of consternation among Democrats, myself included, about, you know, losing badly with young men. You and I talked about this challenge a year ago when you were here in la. Have you seen that slippage in your race and How have you been trying to convince younger men that the Democratic under Democratic party understands them and cares about them?


Yeah, Well, listen, it's, it's been a focus of mine and, you know, I think it's something that we do have to talk about and focus on. You have to have policies that are, are, you know, kind of geared towards young men, which I think is often around opportunity, around making sure that folks will have a chance to take care of their families. That when we're talking about the economy, that we're talking about building an economy where, you know, work is respected and rewarded, but then also there's, I think, you know, kind of a longing for an authenticity and somebody who understands, you know, that, you know, what's, what young men are going through And that can speak to that, you know, with, with some authenticity.


I think, you know, coach Walls, for example, does that. And I think, you know, for me, with my background, I try and do that as well to say, listen, you know, I've played, you know, football in college in the NFLI spent my career, you know, you know, working in these contexts where we have to find a way as men to get things done and to put aside our differences and to work on a team and to accomplish a goal and to show leadership and to show that there's something larger than yourself and to be a part of an effort, you know, that is something larger than yourself, And. That I think is something that has helped. But I also think that there is a very shallow, very, you know, weak version of masculinity that folks like Ted Cruz try to pitch, which is one that's based on fear of women doing well, or fear or, or resentment of someone else doing well.


And, and then trying to appeal to these kind of, you know, most negative instincts. And so we have to compete with that, that, but I don't think we compete with it by being who they are. I think we compete with it by presenting a more positive vision of what we can be. Yeah. Agreed. We're recording this on Wednesday, October 23rd. Vice President Kamala Harris is coming to Texas in two days on Friday for an event focused on abortion and reproductive healthcare. Normally the, you know, the Democratic presidential nominee doesn't campaign in Texas, this close to election day. Why do you think she's making this trip now? And and what do you expect that you guys will talk about? Well, because what's happening in Texas with this abortion ban is nothing short of a tragedy. And it is Ted Cruz's fault, and we have all of these harrowing stories that folks saw at the DNC that they see in commercials around the country, but many of them are my friends.


They're Texas women, they're these Texas women who come forward and, you know, used the, as you know, Tommy, one of the most difficult moments in their life, they've taken that, you know, that grief And, that anger that they felt about it and they've turned it into action. And they are inspiring, right? They're in, they inspire me every single day, which is an event last night with Connie Briton and with Lauren Miller, who is a friend of mine, eight generation Texan, who had to leave the state to get the care she needed. And Kate Cox, who has been, become basically at this point a national figure. Kate's a good friend of mine as well. Yeah, we did that last night, you know, talking about this. And, and so that's what, that's what we're gonna be doing is talking about on the national stage, what has happened in Texas, how folks like Ted Cruz want to do this around the country.


And I think it's important that Texas women and Texas stories are told on that stage. Yeah, I think I, I think that's really important. I commend you and I commend the vice president for talking about this as someone who, my wife and I experienced a lot of pregnancy loss, including a, you know, stillborn baby at six months. And if someone had told us, you know, to go home and wait a while and, you know, see if she met some threshold for this being a life-threatening illness, I think I would've walked outta that hospital room in handcuffs. You know, you don't wanna hear someone put your spouse in a position like that. Switching gears, I was just watching Kamala Harris before we came in. She was doing a, a press statement about recent comments by John Kelly, who's the four star general, who later worked as Trump's chief of staff, who said, Trump quote falls into the definition of a fascist that comes after Mark Millie, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs under Trump.


And then Biden told Bob Woodward that Trump was quote, fascist to the core. Now I understand, I mean, I, I sit in a million focus groups and read a lot of polls, and I know voters care about the basics, paying their bills, access to healthcare, social security, but it's also chilling to your core to hear the people closest to Trump who worked with him day in and day out, talk about him this way. How do you think Democrats, what do we do with this information? Should it be part of our day-to-day message? Or is this a distraction from, you know, economic issues and abortion? How are you thinking about it? Yeah, well, you know, certainly with Ted Cruz, I talk about January 6th and, and I talk about what his role was in that.


I talk about how he was hiding when the mob came, because he was, and I also say that I'm glad he was safe that day. Yeah. And, that this election is his accountability. Right. And to me, we have to talk about all of it. And, and, you know, voters are, you know, incredibly complicated. I was, you know, campaigning, you know, here with Liz Cheney in, in Dallas, and you know, Liz is involved in this race because, you know, she knows that Ted Cruz is a threat to democracy. And she and I, you know, were already friends, but we formed and we really forged a closer relationship on January 6th in the days thereafter because of her, you know, clear-eyed view that we had to have a response to this and accountability for it.


And so, to me, this election is about that. It's about a lot of things. It's about freedom, restoring a woman's right to choose, particularly here in Texas, it's about opportunity. And who has a better plan to make sure that you and your family can get ahead. You know, we, we know that costs are still still too high. As somebody who was raised by a single mother who struggled growing up here in Dallas, I'm laser focused on that. You think the guy who goes to Cancun and Ted Cruz is, you know, who's at the Ritz Carlton? I don't think so. Right. And it's also about accountability. And I think it's also about the threat that we face, that if we have, you know, someone who doesn't respect our constitution in positions of high office. And so I, I do think that we have to talk about it all.


And I don't think that you can ignore it. I don't, I also certainly don't think that it can be the only pitch. Right. It has to be everything. Yeah. Listen, my, my New England Patriots stink, but that does not stop me from talking about football. Football is playing a fun and bigger role in this year's election. So Governor Tim Walls, vice presidential nominee was a defensive coordinator for a state champion high school team in Minnesota. When I interviewed him back in February here in in the office, he, I said, what defense did he run? He told me he ran a four four defense. His guys were focused on reading guards for, for non-football fans out there, a four four defense is a type of alignment where you have four down linemen like the, the big boys in the three point stance, and then four linebackers, which are the slightly less big guys who are faster that the position Colin played in the NFL and in College Max Brown, a former QB for USC and Pittsburgh turned sports commentator, saw a clip of that interview and he threw down the gauntlet for how he would torch Tim Wall's defense.


Lets listen to a, a little clip of that. Tim. Tim, Tim, here's how we're gonna put you in a blender. In your four four defense, you put your corners in an absolute bind. You're packing the box, we're gonna RPO your ass right from the jump, fake the run here, this linebacker on the outside, he cannot be right. He plays the run, we'll kick it out to the bubble by the F he plays the f on the bubble, we've gotta slant right behind him. We're gonna run this until we get tired. And then from there we're going four verts. So you got two linebackers right here trying to run with my guys vertically in the slot with a single high safety. We are going to work these seams, find the mismatch and exploit it all day long. Okay? That's just part of it. It was a great video, Colin. You played in the NFL, you know, defense, you're the captain, right? Of the Baylor team? Yeah. Yeah. What halftime adjustments would you make to, to Max's scheme there?


How are we, how are we pushing Back? Okay, so here's the thing. In the NFL we match personnel. Okay? So what Max is talking about, you wouldn't have a four four defense on the field when you got three receivers on the offense, right? Right. You wouldn't have four linebackers out there. We'd be in a nickel, right? Right. So we gotta adjust to go to nickel. What's a nickel for everybody listening? Okay, it's four down linemen, two linebackers, five dbs. Okay. Five dbs. So the dbs are the fast guys, right? Right. So, and if, and if nickel's not working, then we'll get into a dime. We'll have one linebacker and six dbs. But you know what, and when we're in that nickel, we're gonna blitz the heck outta you, okay? Right? We're not, and we're gonna, we're gonna disguise the blitz. You're never gonna know what we're in.


And on one side of the field, we're gonna be in one coverage, and the other side of the field, we're gonna be on a different coverage. So you have two different reads. And so your young quarterback is not gonna know what's happening and by the time he figures it out, we're gonna hit him. And that's how we're gonna make sure we put you in a blender. That's right, max. We're gonna blitz your ass all day long, buddy. I hope you see this on social media and respond. One more football question. Dallas Cowboys are three and three is Dak Prescott still the guy? Daks the guy. That's not the issue. Quite honestly. They gotta stop the run. And as a linebacker, I always come back to the trenches like, if you can't stop the run and run the ball, ultimately you're gonna get exposed. So it's not, it's not on dag guy. The quarterbacks get too much credit and they get too much of blame. So sometimes you gotta have big boys in the trenches who are moving people around and, and that's really how you win football games And you got some injuries, right?


I mean, Michael Parsons has been out, he's, you know, one of the best athletes on the field. I think He might be the, you know, second coming of Lawrence Taylor. Yeah, that's right. He really is one of those guys like him and like Aiden Hutchinson, you look at them and their motor on the field and they do not slow down for a single second of any snap. And they're also so fast. I mean, these guys are like six four, you know, two 80, they're dropping in coverage, they're doing everything on the field. It's unbelievable. Yeah. TJ Watts out there getting interceptions and taking a beverage down, Right? Like, how are you? I, I saw, I was at the Steelers facility once like last year or two years ago. TJ Watt walked by me and I was like, that's not a person. That's, that is not a species of human I've ever seen of.


Last dumb question for you. Two, two questions. One dumb one not. Do you think you have the fastest 40 time in Congress? Huh? You know, when my friend Anthony Gonzalez, who was a wide receiver for Ohio State and, and Indy was there? I did not because he ran I think four four and he was first round pick, but he's gone now, so I think I probably do. Yeah. Yeah. Four, four. Your your feet are not touching the ground. You're basically flying. Yeah. Last question, listen, if people are listening, they might not be from Texas, but they're like, we gotta get rid of Ted Cruz. Colin seems like a great guy. I want him in the US Senate. What do they do to help you out? Oh, thanks Tommy. Listen, this is incredibly close and I want everybody to drop all of your scar tissue that you might have around Texas.


This is a, a race that we're gonna win, but we need help. And I hope folks will go to colin allred.com and get involved. Ted Cruz is our problem in Texas, but even if you're not in Texas, he's your problem too. And we can beat him here and when we do, it's gonna be a win for our state and for our country. So go to call on red.com and get involved. Beautiful. Donate, volunteer your time, do what you can. We got a couple weeks left, folks. We have agency here. We can make a difference in these elections. These things are won or lost at the margins, half a percent here, couple dollars there. So chip in, do what you can and thank you for joining the show. Yeah, thanks Tommy. Appreciate you.


That's our show for today. Dan will be back in the feed with another bonus, PSA on Sunday morning. Dan, what can you tell us about, about the latest polar coaster? Talking to David Binder who heads up polling and research for the Harris campaign. He is a longtime friend of ours, did focus groups on both, both Obama campaigns is one of the smartest guys in the business. And so I'm very excited to hear what he has to say about how this campaign's gonna shape up over the next seven days. And because one interview's not enough, we are talking to Ron Brownstein about how demographics ha have shifted the battleground states and what that could mean for election day. I am going to listen to that episode the second it drops, which is, you know, probably like just past midnight when I'll be up because I still, I don't sleep anymore.


Yeah. I'll just, I'll be trying to listen to that while some New York Times Santa Poll drops and like ruins our ruins our Sunday. I Think, I think KO's gonna ruin next Sunday. Not this Sunday. That's My guess. Yeah, I was gonna, well, and Seltzer already ready to ruin next Sunday. 'cause that's usually when the, the, the last Des Moines Register poll Comes out. Don't even, don't fall for that. Don't, don't fall for what, what am I for? Just, the thing is, you're so worried about this. You brought this up to me three days ago. Three days. And I was like, oh, the poll's coming out today. No, it's hypothetically coming out in four days after you brought it up to me. Oh, a Poland is in a non battleground state. Can't wait. Can't wait.


All right everyone have a good weekend. Go volunteer. Go help out. Let's, let's win this thing. We'll talk to you. We'll talk to you next week. Bye everyone. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at cricket.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari.


Re Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David Toles.


Hi, I'm m Jon Lovett, host of lover. Or leave it, you know, it could be tempting to tune out the news completely, but my producers won't let me. So instead, I put on a weekly comedy show about it. Every week I welcome an all star lineup of comedians, performers, politicians, and random gay guys to make sense of politics and pop culture. And even when we don't succeed, boy, we have fun trying. So join us as we run down the latest headlines and figure out what the hell we're all gonna do about it. Listen to love it or leave it wherever you get your podcasts.