
Pos Save of America is brought to you by right side up. Need marketing help, but don't wanna spend the next month touching base and circling back. Oh, I'm sick of touching base and circling back. Oh, especially circling back. You don't have time to sift through 500 resumes or worse. Sync up on endless hiring calls. Sounds like you need our friends at right side up. Get them on your radar. Right side up gets you the right marketer. Fast right side up helps companies find the right specialized marketing hire. Whether you need part-time marketing support, a full-time hire, or a custom agency like team, they match you with exactly what you need. They've vetted thousands of marketers with deep expertise across every discipline, from acquisition to retention, brand to performance affiliate, B2B, e-commerce platforms, and much more. And if you need a podcast ad like this one, they're the world's largest independent buyer of podcast advertising. Unlike traditional agencies and recruiting firms, right Side Up is flexible with pricing and customized for every engagement. You won't get junior talent only pre-vetted experts who can help you reach your goals for as long as you need them. And if they're a fit, you can hire them full time. More than a thousand high growth companies, including Calm, rocket, money and Zenefits have scaled smarter, faster, and more flexibly. With right Side Up, imagine your dream growth marketing team, then meet them via right side up. Go to right side up.com/crook to get started. You'll talk to their team, tell them what you need, and they'll start matching you with top tier marketing talent. Fast Mention Code Crooked, and you'll get 10% credit back on your first scope of three months or more. Marketing experts with flexible contracts tailored to your specific needs. Visit right side up.com/crooked today. That's rightside up.com/crooked. Code crooked.


What's popping? Listeners? I'm Lacey Mosley, host of the podcast Scam Goddess, the show that's an ode to fraud and all those who practice it. Each week I talk with very special guests about the scam scammers of all time. Wanna know about the fake errors? We got 'em. What about a career conman? We've got them too. Guys that will whine and dine you and then steal all your coins. Oh, you know, they are represented because representation matters. I'm joined by guests like Nicole Byer, IRA Madison iii, Conan O'Brien, and more. Join the congregation and listen to Scam Goddess wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Fabre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, we'll talk about Trump ordering investigations into two former Trump officials for the crime of telling the truth about him and the 2020 election. We'll cover the vote in the house on Trump's big, beautiful bill and why passing it may a bit of an uphill climb. From here we've got just a little bit of good news on the fight against Doge and deportations. Then Dan talks to legendary physician and writer Atul Gawande about RFK Junior's mission to destroy the agency he now runs, which has already led to him forcing out the FDA's top vaccine regulator. But let's start with the latest on Trump's trade war. So I just wanna quickly walk through the facts of what happened this week.


No spin on the ball here so you can all make your own judgements about the strategic genius of our president. First, Trump announced the biggest tax increase in history on everything we buy from the rest of the world. Then the markets tanked and lost more than $6 trillion in value. Over the course of a few days, most economists and CEOs said that a recession was much more likely and Trump world responded by saying that they weren't backing down. That rumors of a 90 day pause on the tariffs were false and that all the economic pain would only be temporary. Then there was a big sell off in the bond market, which happens when people believe that US Treasury bonds usually one of the safest investments in the world are too risky, which drives up interest rates on mortgages and other loans which could cause a global financial crisis.


Then on Wednesday, Trump suddenly announced that actually there would be a 90 day pause on some of the tariffs, but China would get hit with even higher tariffs and there would still be a universal 10% tariff on just about every other country, though apparently is gonna spend the next 90 days negotiating trade deals with each of these countries. The markets recovered their losses and this was the reaction from Trump world. We begin with the art of the deal told you this was gonna happen. It took Great courage, great courage for him to stay the course until this moment. Trump created maximum leverage for himself and now his team's sitting pretty taking meetings and doing deals that put America first.


Yeah, I Know we had a massive market rebound after Trump's 3D chess Move tonight. You can definitively say this was not a walk back. This was not something that the bond markets were cratering and you were worried about it. No. That this is part of your plan. Many Of you in the media clearly missed the art of the deal. You clearly failed to see what President Trump is doing here. A huge win for the president, a huge win for the country. His biggest accomplishment of the second term. And there have been many. Donald Trump is the best negotiator that there is. We're so fucked. Biggest accomplishment of the second term.


Wow. Even bigger than Gulf of America. Now, some of you may be thinking, isn't it more likely that the bond market sell off and the southern prospect of a global financial crisis is actually what led Trump to back down? Well, if so, you are not the only one. The bond markets that persuaded you to reverse course. No, I was watching the bond market. The bond market is very tricky. I was watching it, but if you look at it now, it's, it's beautiful. The bond market right now is beautiful. But yeah, I, I saw last night where people were getting a little queasy. People were jumping a little bit out of line, they were getting yippy.


You know, they were getting a little bit yippy, a little bit afraid. Unlike these champions. It's just, It is just so classic that he has everyone go out there and say, big win. We didn't back down at all. This was the plan all along. It's strategy, art of the deal. He is a genius. What are you talking about? Fucking bond markets. That's crazy Mr. Trump, why'd you do it? Oh yeah. It was a bond markets fucking clowns. They deserve Everything they get. So sure enough, the market's tanked again on Thursday. Dan, do you think the problem is just that not enough people have, have read the art of the deal?


Like have the markets not fully priced in the strategic genius of Donald Trump? I was just thinking that we are probably weeks away from an executive order that ties access to federal education funding to making art of the deal required for summer reading. Like I'm sure every world leader's gonna get it. They're gonna send a copy. I they're sending them As gifts start negotiating. Yes, it's probably Howard Lick. Howard Lick is right now just looking envelopes and sticking in copies of Art of the Deal to send all of the world. I mean, look what happened here. Is there this immediate sense of relief on the first day that Trump was actually not gonna drive the car completely off the cliff? And so, and then I, a lot of institutional players saw the opportunity to buy low by the dip, if you will, on some things, and the markets bounced back.


But then everyone woke up and realized we were still fucked. That the three countries that still had large tariffs on them, Canada, Mexico, and China make up. More than 40% of US imports that most of the things that we care a lot about, car parts, computers, electronics, smartphones, are all coming from these countries toys. And it's going to be massively destabilizing. And then we discovered that the Trump administration couldn't even figure out what the exact right tariff was on China. And it wasn't 1 25 as they said, you know, so it's actually 1 45. 'cause they put so many tariffs on and taking so many tariffs off, they forgot they still had the 20% fentanyl tariff on China. And so it just, it it like it, we're still in a very, very bad place.


There's a cap analysis out today, which shows that actually under this tariff regime we're currently in right now with the increased tariffs on China, American families are going to pay more on average $4,600 per family than they would under the global tariffs that Trump rec, civil tariffs that Trump had in place on Monday morning. Also, the issues in the bond market have not been solved. And that's going to push up the cost of borrowing. So if you want to get a have, get a mortgage car loan, anything else, I don't know why you'd need a car loan because it's gonna be pretty hard to buy cars. Well, that's why you need the loan because they're so fucking expensive. This is Christ. I mean, it's funny. It's not funny, but yes, it was.


It was the bond market that scared Trump. We know that there's a lot of other reporting aside from Trump just telling us the Wall Street Journal reported that he was, Trump was willing to push us into a recession, but not a depression. That Hero, that was what one of, one of the sources for the Wall Street Journal article said, CNN found another source that said the bond markets did spook the president. So all the reporting matches up with, again, what President Trump just told us himself. Yeah, no, I think that it, I think what happened this morning is we're recording this Thursday. What happened this morning is even if, which we can talk about the, the prospect of Trump making deals with every one of these, the White House wants us to think that all the countries now are just lining up to make deals with Donald Trump.


'cause they just, 'cause you know, he has all the leverage and there's, please, Mr. Trump, please make us a better deal on, on trade. Say they, we make a deal with every one of these countries and get rid of the reciprocal tariffs that he imposed on them and somehow get a better deal there. Kevin Hassett, as top economic advisor was out today saying, but the 10% universal tariffs, 10% on every single country, just about every single country. He's never gonna get rid of that. Kevin Hassett is a particular moron. Like, just like he is just on TV all the time, he has no fucking clue what he's talking about. He's got a shitty green the whole time he's doing it. I mean, he actually makes Howard Lutnick look like an effective spokesperson.


And that's saying a lot. And then you realize like apparently the overall effective tariff rate for the United States when you like, sort of average out all the different tariffs he's imposed together, it was about 27% with the pause, it's down to 24%. When he took office, it was 3%. So I think everyone woke up, saw that and was like, oh yeah, we're still pretty fucked. And on top of all that, there's the uncertainty of what happens over the next 90 days and whether he gets rid of the pause after 90 days. And so businesses were thinking about hiring or making investments or opening a factory, all that kind of stuff. They can't do any of that because there's no certainty here in the United States or anywhere around the world.


He has just like thrown the whole global economy into turmoil for nothing. And companies can't, who have factories overseas, whether it's in China or elsewhere, are nervous to place orders because there's a like a long lag time. So if you want to decide how many iPhones or certain types of Nike sneakers or whatever else you want to have available in the holiday season, you're making those decisions now, but you have no idea what they're going to cost then, right? Are people, you probably wouldn't make as many iPhones if you thought they were gonna cost 145% of what they cost already. Right? Or the same thing with shoot. Like, it's just, there's no, like, what he has done, and we can get into all the politics of this, but for the markets, for world leaders, for business people who have to make decisions about hiring and investment in new products, is he, he can't be trusted.


He, it is like we have a true lunatic surrounded by morons in the White House. And you're, and now you cannot, like the fundamental idea of any sort of stability in American government economic policy has been forever eroded and cannot come back when Donald Trump is president. Even if with these things don't come back, you just puts a tariff on, takes it off. Could he add another one? Like a normal person who was, it's hard to imagine a normal person dumb enough to have gotten themselves in the situation, but who backed off at the 90 day mark like right here and put it in the place, a 90 day pause. The natural assumption would be there's no way they're doing this again in 90 days. Right? But could you really say that with Trump? Of course not. I really feel like it's underappreciated that this 10% universal tariff is gonna stay in place too.


Because that is just, I mean, like, here's what I'm trying to figure out. We, we should talk about the politics now, which is say, I'm trying to figure out like his way out of this, because I think what the White House has in mind is, you know, they're gonna start announcing deals with countries, right? And whether or not we actually make out on these deals, and it's a, it's a good deal for the United States. They're gonna pretend it is, right? They're gonna, we've seen this with what they did with Canada and Mexico, right? Like, oh, Canada appointed a fentanyl czar. And so they, they've, you know, they've art of the deal again, Trump, Trump may bent them to their, his will, you know, all that shit. So they're gonna make any deal, seem like it's a huge win for Trump.


And they'll probably love the idea that he gets to go out and announce deals one after another. But the facts on the ground and the economic reality is only going to get worse as the, you know, automobile tariffs, the, the the Chinese tariffs, which is huge. And I don't think that's gonna get solved anytime soon. And the 10% universal tariffs, like all that's still gonna be in effect. And so that's gonna make the economic reality worse, even as Trump is going out there and touting whatever deals he may get with some of these countries. So I like, I don't know how he gets out of this one. There's No path out other than getting rid of all the tariffs and lowering costs, right? Like what people are gonna pay attention to is not the fucking press conference with, to announce the deal with Madagascar to lower the price of vanilla.


Right. What they're gonna notice is when they go to the store and everything that they, that was le was cheaper a month ago, was more expensive now like that, I mean, that is why down Trump as president was, prices went up. And so it is just truly insane. Like I can't just overstate this enough that a president who was elected to strengthen the economy and lower prices is, has decided to crash the economy to increase prices. Like it's the, it is the exact opposite of what he was elected to do. And I, I joked about this in my newsletter that I said it'd be like if George W. Bush after nine 11 gave deci, his first response was to give Bin Laden the medal of freedom. Like, what are we doing?


I just like even the stated rationale for this, this trade policy, this trade war, which is, does not betrays a a lack of understanding even of the basics of economics or how trade works, right? Even the stated rationale and there, and again, they're in conflict. One is like, oh, we're gonna bring in a whole bunch of revenue from all these tariffs. But if trade is rebalanced, the revenue goes down. And then the other is, oh, we're gonna bring back manufacturing, we're gonna bring back jobs to America. We're gonna be boom town. Right? If even if that worked, it wouldn't be for years and years and years. So is the Trump administration's bet that the American people really have a stomach for economic calamity and sacrifice because they know that years from now manufacturing will come back here.


Is that you think that's what they think? But I mean, but also you have Howard Lutnick out there talking about how robots are gonna replace all the workers. Yeah, No, I know. So you like, yes. Maybe you are onshoring our supply chain, like I guess like which, but you're not the the, it's not like there's gonna be this like renaissance of blue collar jobs in a world of automation, but also some of the things are not built in factories. Yeah. Like I saw Chris Hayes posted this, but it's like, are we gonna build a banana factory here, like the tree factory to for, because we're the lumbert. It's like, it makes no fucking sense. And there are things that we just don't grow or make in America. Like, are we gonna, like we don't make shoes in America. We make very few shoes in America.


We're all of a sudden gonna, we're gonna build an entire shoe industry here. Coffee. How long is that gonna say bananas, avocados, lots of other fruit and vegetables. Tons of like, it's the other, it's Idiocy. It's pure idiocy. The other argument they're trying to make is, oh well, you know, Trump said do not retaliate and, and we won't retaliate. And because none of these countries except China retaliated, that's why we took off the retaliatory tariffs. And now we have isolated China and the rest of the world will join us in, in putting pressure on China to cave. And it's like, why is the rest of the world gonna join us? What makes you think that after you've threatened to, you know, take over Greenland, invade Canada, make the Gaza strip into some kind of a resort, you pissed off all of our NATO allies.


You're beaten up on Europe every chance you can get. And by the way, they're already now ta talking to China about maybe like, maybe doing a deal with them, but Yeah, do you know why we even, we still have a 10% Because China seems like more of a, like the more stable superpower right now. Well we put, we put a 10% tariff on all of their products. You know, who did put a 10% tariff on all of them? China. So it was like we were pushing people into the arms of China is the exact opposite. Like it is, like the rationale are all conflicting and they don't make a lot of sense. Like, you can't say we wanna bring man, like this is all about a manufacturing renaissance. We're also going to gut the chips act like, which is entirely designed to build manufacture manufacturing industry here in America.


But then like every part of it is just does the opposite of what they say it's gonna do is like, it is truly one of the stupidest things that any person, let alone president has ever done. Like it's so disconnected from what they think it's supposed to do. The only way I see they get out of this is like you said, they, they do a couple deals and then when people are forgetting about what they've promised to in, in keeping some of these tariffs on permanently, they just get rid of all the tariffs. Yeah. I mean it's like they, they claim victory. Of course we did a big deal with Europe. We did a, we finally, you know, president Xi was like, thank you Mr. Trump, thank you. This was a great deal. I, you know, you got, you're, you're such a master negotiator. I could learn from you.


That's what he told me. And he wrote me all these letters and he loves me now. So they do this whole thing and then he is like, and so I'm getting rid of all the tariffs because it's a, it's a new American century and everyone loves it, you know, whatever. And it's not, none of it's true, but at least he gets rid of the tariffs. That's the only thing. Yeah. Mean Kevin, who gives a shit what Kevin Hassett said. Like, do you think Trump's like, well, can't we can't, we can't undermine Kevin Hassett credibility. That would be wrong. We need, we need this guy. So yeah, like they can say they're gonna keep him on and then just take him off at some point. But Trump's reality here is tied to prices and as long as he is jacking up everyone's prices, he's gonna pay a price. He's the long, the medium term consequence of this are baked in. Even if he takes 'em all off tomorrow, he has the, he has already done real damage to the medium term economic growth in this country, right?


To job creation, to investment to GDP, all of that. I don't think you're gonna get a lot of that back. Like, will the stock market bounce back? You know, maybe slowly over time. Sure. But no one's gonna, people aren't gonna, all these people are supposed to build these, all these factories here and all the like, that's not gonna happen now. No one's gonna do that. No. Like, could we narrowly avoid a recession? Yeah, maybe, but I don't know the, you know, chances of a recession went from only, only dropped a couple percentage points, at least with JP Morgan's calculations based on the, the pause. So not out of the woods there at all.


This show is sponsored by better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session with better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. You might not think you need therapy. I never thought I needed therapy. But if you try it, you soon realize as I did, it's just really nice to sit down and chat with someone. And even if you're not having mental health challenges, therapy is really helpful to maintain your mental health. It feels good. It's great to talk to someone. So give it a whirl. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus you can switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/psa to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/psa.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of the podcast. 99% Invisible Design is everywhere in our lives, but it's easy to not notice or take it for granted. 99% invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design in architecture. It's stories of who we are through the lens of the things we build. Like have you ever wondered why we use the one kilohertz bleep sound to cover up inappropriate words on radio and tv, or what aspects of infrastructure allow five-year-olds in Japan to run errands by themselves while kids in the US are completely dependent on their parents or their parents' cars? Or why the historic flag of South Vietnam shows up at right-wing protests all the time? Or why people are obsessed with houseplants? And when did we start bringing plants from halfway around the world into our homes to begin with? 99% invisible will explore all of that and more every Tuesday follow and listen to 99% invisible wherever you get your podcasts.


I feel like the, the simplest and most effective message for Democrats here is that Donald Trump is single, single-handedly tanking the economy because he's a lunatic surrounded by sycophants. Am I missing anything? No. Any more complicated than that? No, you got it exactly right. That is because, because looking around it seems like it might be a little more complicated That, that, I mean, I would say the reality is very easy for everyone to see. Like the best messages are the, the true and obvious ones. And this one could not be more true and obvious. And this is a thing that has broke that the tariffs, the insanity of the tariffs, the market crash has broken through to people in a way that nothing else has broken through in thus far in the Trump administration.


And this in Trump 2.0, Watching your 4 0 1, you're watching your 401k disappear will do that. You know? Yeah. I mean it's, you know, six more than 60% of the country is invested in the market in some way, shape or form almost are all entirely in retirement accounts, but it it is, it's north of 60%. And so people are tracking it. Crashes in the stock market are similar to gas prices in the sense that they're, you know, the stock, the stock tickers on the tv, it blares across everywhere. It's, you know, almost any new site you go to, it's on the front page, particularly when there's a market crash you see go up and down. So it's like a, even if you're not in the market, you're getting a lot of like sirens going off about the economy being in trouble. And, and this is before the price increases really hit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and the big, the, even if the market was doing great, the price increases are the much bigger political problem frame.


I think the, the macro political problem for Trump and the way that why this is important for Democrats to hammer this is the entire reason that Trump is acceptable to a certain segment of voters is his belief. It's a false belief, but it's born of the fact that he's a wealthy businessman. That he played a fake businessman on a reality TV show for a decade and then oversaw an economy that people have very fond memories of. Now he did nothing, really did nothing to make that economy good. He just managed to not mess up Barack Obama's economy. But because of that, people believe that he, and even some Democrats believe he is a competent manager of the economy. Is he corrupt? Yes. Is he a clown in a lot of ways? Yes.


Did he spark a violent insurrection? Is he a convicted criminal? All those things. Yes. But on the issue I care about most, he has this shit together. He knows what he's doing. And there is nothing that has happened over the last few weeks here that suggests he has any idea what he's doing. And I think he really has eroded the fundamental, the, like, the fundamental core of his political identity to voters. The reason why they support him, despite everything else, not the maga hat base, but just like the pe the rest of the country, like that last, you know, 14, 15% of people who don't love Trump but voted for him. Those people are waking up to the idea that he is not what they thought he is. And that is tremend. And that's why we've seen his approval rating sink precipitously over the last few, over the last month here.


The only thing I would add about democratic message is to make sure that we are bringing the rest of the Republican party into this Republicans in Congress and elected Republicans everywhere. Because, you know, we just on Congress this week, they wanna insert a provision into the, the budget resolution bill that we're gonna talk about soon. That basically ties Congress's hands so that they can't take back the power to levy tariffs from the president of the United States because Republicans, they don't, they don't want it. They wanna make sure that Trump has all the power to do everything he wants. So they are all in, they are all in on the trade war. They are tying themselves to Donald Trump.


I think people have to know that Republicans aren't just like letting this happen. They are actively making it so that only Trump can, can, you know, levy tariffs and, and continue to tank the economy. This is, I think this is a very important point, is that Democrats should be like congressional Democrats, elected Democrats, just people out in the streets should be pressuring Republicans to take back the tariff power from Trump. And I know that that is not going to happen. Like we, you know, Jake Sherman of Punch Bulls tweeted a thousand times now that there's no way that the house is gonna do that. And even if you could get together 60 senators, you're not gonna get to a vita proof majority.


That doesn't matter. We need people to know that this is a choice Republicans are making, that they are on board with these price increases and they're so feckless and so lame that they're going to go along with it and we should make, and they're going, these members are gonna be under real political pressure in their states as these prices go up. Right? Yeah. It's the farmer, it's the farm states who are gonna be suffering mightily from not being able to export to China. It's gonna be every person who is trying to buy electronics from China just across the people buying, trying to buy new cars, all of that. And we wanna make sure that you're exactly right, Donald Trump is out on the ballot in 2026, but all these Republicans are, and they should pay a price for this. Yeah. And all the Republicans who might run in 2028, if he lets other Republicans run and if he lets us have a presidential election, It's a topic for another day.


Yes. Right. It's a topic for another day. But like, you know, your JD Vance's, your marker Rubio's like reporters, if they talk to them, everyone should get on the record about how much they love Trump's tariffs. 'cause they're gonna say it. And we want the video of them talking about how much they love this for when they try to run in 2028 and be like, what the tariff, as as the economy has cratered then. And be like, what were you talking about? I, I don't know if I liked that at the time. I, I, I don't, I wasn't, I wasn't saying that was great. I was quietly upset about it and trying to convince him to stop it. I mean, it really, it's just like, as we think about the politics going forward, it is really is as if it's the equivalent of George W. Bush walking into Lehman Brothers and just collapsing the whole thing himself. Right. So it's, And then bragging about it and then Bragging about it.


Yes. Yeah. I did it like stand standing on the rubble of Lehman Brothers with his megaphone too, too soon. I don't know. I, I don't like, I don't even know, like, can who's to be offended by that? I don't even know. I Don't know. I don't know. We'll see. So we've also heard some Democrats criticize Trump's tariffs, but also offer qualified support for some tariffs. This has sort of been a, a running theme here that people are getting mad about online. Gretchen Whitmer most notably gave a big speech in DC this week where she, you know, she disagreed with Trump's tariffs.


She was very clear about the damage that they're doing to Michigan right now, but she also said she understands the quote motivation behind them. And then she said, quote, I'm not against tariffs outright, but it is a blunt tool. You can't just pull out the tariff hammer to swing at every problem without a clear defined end goal. What did you make of that and this message in general, do you, why do you think some democrats like Whitmer feel like they need to offer some qualified support for the idea of tariffs? What, what's going on here? Yeah, I Mean, I think it, wait, we should be very clear that globalization and trade has hurt lots of people in this country.


Right? And that is particularly true in GS Whitmer state of Michigan, right? Which we've seen as manufacturing based in the auto industry suffer greatly from trade deals. And so she is responding to this idea that not everyone benefits from trade, right? And that, and tariffs have been in the past a useful way to push back. I think the problem here is we're overcomplicating the simple, and when you talk about it in this way where you say like, like she, as you said, she criticized, she took Trump to task on it. Like she was not, this is, it is not a suggestion that Gretchen Whitmer was mely mouthed about this at all. She was not. But I think when you, the way a lot of Democrats have done it to say like, you know, Trump's doing it wrong, but tariffs are a useful tool.


He's just using the tool wrong suggests that there is some sort of, it like almost buys the premise of Trump's argument. And I think it's just the better argument here is that he is a chaotic clown stumbling about the world stage hurting American families by raising prices for no reason. And the better, I think the way to do it is, you know, like, let's take the tariff power away from the president, right? Yeah. And so we, I think we can be, we're gonna negotiate, you know, tough and fair trade deals. We're gonna push back against countries who try to do it, but this is not the way to do it. Right. And I think just, I just feel like you're wedded to this old way of thinking, I think, and it just, it dilutes the message. And I think Gretchen Whitmer, who may be president of the United States one day, can still use tariffs if, if she sees fit in the appropriate way a few years from now when she's president without having if she, even if she doesn't mention them now, you know what I mean?


I, I have a policy problem with this and then a political problem. I'll start with the policy problem. Let's, let's hear her policy problem because that's why people tune to this podcast. The PO policy problem is that there's not a lot of good economic data, and I'm being generous there, that suggests that tariffs work in terms of bringing back lost manufacturing, right? If you have a nascent industry that you're just trying to grow that's brand new. Maybe, you know, tariffs can help grow that industry in the United States if there are national insecurity implications and you want to be able to make sure that we have the capacity in the United States to produce something here and not rely on another country that may be an adversary.


There's an argument for tariffs. Trump tried a bunch of tariffs in his, not as many, not not as many tariffs as now, but some in his first term. And well, Biden kept them on too. Yeah. And you know what, and I remember headlines in 2020 and 2021 talking about how Trump's tariffs cost Michigan auto jobs, right? And so I do think that like some elements of labor and some folks in the Midwest who are right, that globalization has hollowed out manufacturing in the heartland of this country. I get that. But the, the remedy tariffs as a remedy has not proven to work very well. And I look, I, I mean we'll see what happens with the Biden's Biden's industrial policy with some tariffs, but also some, like the chips act, right?


Like actually investing in manufacturing in this country, giving incentives and grants and credits to companies who are gonna create manufacturing jobs here and, and all that, right? So I'd like, as, as part of a larger industrial policy grade, now let's talk about the politics of all this, which is, I get that right after Trump won, de Democrats were like, well, he's more popular than he's ever been. And you know, it was a definitive loss and all this, we are now at the point with Donald Trump, where if you look down the road to 2026 and then 2028 and you think that Donald Trump is going to somehow regain the popularity he had right after this last election, then I can understand trying to tread carefully and saying like, well, here's where I agree with Donald Trump, but here's where I disagree.


And, but, but if you're looking at everything that's happened over the last month, and you're looking at what he's done on his economic policy now, which as you just said, this was his, he was, he was elected to be the president to bring down prices. Now we're witnessing him becoming very unpopular on the issue that he's supposed to be like, have the highest approval on the economy. And that's just gonna keep going down. And so if you look ahead, like you have to imagine a world where if the economy craters or things keep going south, don't you want to be a Democrat who now was saying, this fucking guy is tanking the economy and I want no part of this and I want no part of the policy.


And it's absolutely crazy. And just like go at him knowing that even if, you know, he's still sitting at 46, 45, 40 4% now, like it could get worse. And if it does, you wanna be one of the Democrats who is saying, now this is fucked up. Like, and, and it's, it's very different, but it's almost like Barack Obama coming out against the Iraq war when the rest of the party was for it. Yeah, I that mean that's gonna be more, that's a more problematic analogy than your rubble of Lehman Brothers, I'll tell you that. True, True. But, so I'd say a couple things to that. One is I don't think what the Democrats who were mentioning their, that tariffs could be useful, or I don't think what they're trying to do is make some sort of common cause with Trump voters or understand, like, I don't think that's what's happening.


I think what's happening is that there remains large constituency of the Democratic party who believe that tariffs are a useful tool and that that includes among others organized labor. Yeah. And that there may be times, for instance, on like steel and aluminum and other things where you can push more, where you can raise the price of imports to the point that it, it will push people to using domestic steel, right? Like, I think, but the, my issue here is not about the policy utility of tariffs. It's just like, let's have a simpler, clear message. And it's the message that you, that you have there. I don't, I just don't. Yeah. I think people, I think people online are a little too, you know, Josh Barrow has a very long, very smart upend New York Times today about this point.


Exactly. He takes it to a policy direction, which is this is a reason the Democrats could have, we can use the fact that Trump is acting this way and has shown the failure of protectionism to become, you know, more like develop a message that is more forward-looking on trade. I think the fear, I think the fear that some people have is that we're going to make the classic mistake of Donald Trump is, is now tough on trade. So we're gonna become the biggest defenders of globalism and free trade possible, right? Oh, you attack the New York Times, I will subscribe the New York Times fucking twice, right? Oh, you're gonna attack institutions. I am going to read the Declaration of Independence of my children online every day. Right? And so you'd see this world where like, there is, there is a nuanced position between every single thing that Donald Trump has said about trade is wrong and he is a, and everything and that global trade is great.


And there's, I think there are people trying to find maybe Inartfully trying to find the right place in the middle there. And I'm just saying, we, we should have an alternative vision, even if the easier political argument is just dumb trump's take the economy. But I think that trying to get, trying to message the nuance of tariffs as a tool Yeah. It's too nuanced. Yes, I agree with that. And I, and actually Whit Mirror had a couple lines like this in her speech, which I thought was good. Was like, she's like, what? Where I agree is like, we need to create more jobs in America. We need to make more stuff in America. We need to bring, man, we need to have manufacturing in America. And then I think Democrats need to talk about the vision for making sure we are building things and creating jobs and creating manufacturing and the new industries of the future, right.


In America. And we can, and, and you know, a couple ways to do that are making sure that we are investing in education which Donald Trump is gutting, make sure we're investing in innovation and science and medicine and technology, which Donald Trump is gutting. And you can talk about like what is going to attract new businesses and jobs to this country instead of just, you know, leaning on, you know, discussion about tariffs and policy and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Yeah. So I do think I, I I'm very much in agreement that we need like a, a, a positive forward looking vision about how to create jobs in this country and like lift people up and making sure that like, you're not poor when you work and, but like, just pretending that we can unwind globalization, I don't know. Just No, I just, I I understand the impulse to avoid Democrats responding to the terrorists by putting on I was for NAFTA t-shirts.


Yeah. And like, we're just like, we're gonna like put up, like we're gonna put up trade barriers and just like pretend that like, you know, globalization was just a policy choice and not the fucking march of technology. I'm sorry, people Are just chanting tp the streets. I'm Getting a little, I'm getting a little, I'm getting a little Obama now, but that's just my, that's just my, my annoyance. Alright. So even as we're all trying to figure out Trump's next move, there are some pretty serious questions about what happened on Wednesday before he made his strategic retreat. A few hours before Trump announced the pause on reciprocal tariffs, he went on truth social with a simple message. This is a great time to buy signing it DJT. And in fact, if you did buy on that tip, you would've made a lot of money.


Obviously posting a Buy Now message on social media is not in itself insider trading because it's very outsider, it's very public. But some folks think that that may have been a cover your ass move. And are wondering if any Trump officials, family members or other Trump allies in Congress or elsewhere were tipped off about the pause before it happened. Adam Schiff and Ruben Gallego sent a letter to the White House asking what happened. Elizabeth Warren went to the floor to call for an investigation as well. It doesn't take a huge leap of the imagination to believe there might be something to this, but of course we don't know. Here's Trump in the Oval Office on Wednesday afternoon with two billionaire friends. Charles Schwab. Yes. That Charles Schwab and Car Racing Magnet Roger Penske.


This is Charles Schwab. It's not just, it is actually an individual. He made, he made two and a half million today and he made 900 million. That's not bad because, you know, he's a financial, Did you say Being with someone named Charles Schwab is so funny? Like, was the monopoly man not available? I mean on the, on the day you pause the tariffs, the market's rallies and a bunch of rich people got rich. I mean it's just like unfucking believable thoughts on this. Like is this a, you know, are we heading into conspiracy theory Bill? Is it real? What do you think? I think it's a subject worthy of inquiry by law enforcement officials, including potentially the Attorney general.


I'm sure Pam Bondy's on it. Well, the Attorney General of New York has some jurisdiction here. Oh yeah, because that's good. The markets are based in New York and there is a, it's called, I think it's called the Martin Act, which is a specific New York state law, which can't where they, where she Letitia James would have some jurisdiction here. So it's worth, it's worth looking into, it's very believable that these people would do such things and we should look into it and would also note that there was something called the Stock Act that passed. Yeah. When we were in the White House. And so these government officials would theoretically have to disclose trades made. Now, I don't think it would tell you the timing, but it'd be interesting to know who sold stocks on or bought stocks on this day. Right. Certainly would we. Very interesting. Love to see that. I'm Not sure who's enforcing the stock act in this administration, but Law, who's it for these days?


I don't know. That's right. Trump and the Republicans are not simply content imposing the biggest sales tax in history and crashing the economy. They're also hard at work trying to pass a massive tax cut for the rich, some of which will be funded by massive cuts to healthcare and food assistance and some of which won't be paid for at all on Thursday. The house barely passed the Senate's budget resolution by a vote of 216 to 214. This was after Mike Johnson had to delay the vote because the usual kooks and the caucus didn't think the cuts were deep enough. What ultimately got them on board, according to Chip Roy, was a verbal commitment from Republican leadership in the Senate on three big things. At least $1.5 trillion in spending cuts.


$1 trillion in cuts to Medicaid and clean energy tax credits and a dollar for dollar match between new tax cuts and spending cuts. This may be a bit challenging for Senate Republicans to achieve because they have people like Susan Collins in their caucus who already voted no the first time around and the first budget resolution because of the Medicaid cuts that now haven't gone anywhere. And apparently at least four Republican senators have now come out and said that they would vote against the bill if it gets rid of the clean energy tax credits from the Inflation Reduction Act. Probably. 'cause those tax credits are already being put to use creating jobs and businesses in their states.


What do you think happens here? How do they make all this math work? If you take people at their word? I know that's a ridiculous thing to say, but if you take these people at their word, the people who say that they cannot vote for cuts to Medicaid of this size and the people who say they cannot vote for a bill without cuts to Medicaid of this size with those people, you can't pass it. Yeah. Like if those people all stick by what they believe, it cannot pass. The math does not work. It, I mean the politics of cutting Medicaid aren't, lemme but let's, let's look it this way. The politics of cutting taxes for rich people, even if you just, you paid for it with nothing or you paid for it with only things people didn't mind. Right. If you paid for it all with foreign aid to whatever.


Right? Yeah. That is still quite unpopular. Just the mere idea of giving rich people and corporations tax cuts very unpopular, cutting Medicaid on its own, incredibly unpopular opposed by like 80% of people in some polls including like 60, more than 60% of Republicans to pay for tax cuts for the rich with cuts to Medicaid is like an a plus answer in a political science 1 0 1 class about how to commit political suicide. Like that is like, it is, you couldn't, you couldn't find something more unpopular than that. And so will these people do that? Are they willing to do it? Are you got a bunch of Republicans who are in pro districts? Are they really gonna vote for that and they need all those votes? You can't pass it without that. The Senate, a lot of these people are in states where Medicaid is part like protecting Medicaid's part of the state's constitution.


Their states have Medicaid expansion for pay for healthcare. They have cutting the clean energy tax credits comes is jobs from their state. So it seems very hard that they're, it seems hard to imagine that they will pass something that will adhere to this budget resolution. Even if you listen to what John Thon, the senate leader said, he really basically put a giant loophole and said, we'll try to do the best we can. He did not really commit, he, he did not view the commitment as firm as Chip Roy did, if you will. And I can't tell, I mean usually it's the moderates who blink, but that's always the case in the house. And I do think when you get to like your Susan Collins's and your Lisa Murkowski's, like they give less of a shit about getting pressured from Donald Trump.


Yeah. Because they have been here before. Yeah. And, and stood up to him before, most notably on him trying to appeal the Affordable Care Act. So I, I don't know how they get this done. I mean I, you can see a lot of Republicans in Congress already saying, well, we're never gonna touch the benefits for Medicaid. We're just gonna get rid of waste fraud and abuse. And at the levels they're talking about with the cuts that they need, I don't think that's possible. Susan Collins herself said this today or yesterday. She was saying like $880 billion. I don't know how you, there's not enough waste, fraud and abuse to get it to $880 billion. They could probably find some, yeah, you could probably, you could probably do a bunch of Medicaid reforms and maybe even a work requirement, which Democrats wouldn't support, but we don't support.


But you could then maybe get a, a don't know, a couple hundred billion of savings. There's no way you're getting up to 880 billion. And so then if you're trying to get the cuts out elsewhere, like you've got Medicare, you've got social security, you've got the defense budget, like you just don't have a lot of other options. So then maybe you're left with a bill that doesn't make those cuts, does make sure it does the tax cuts. But then, you know, what do your chip Roys do and all and your Freedom Caucus members, do they just get threatened by Trump and, and pass the bill maybe. Well Ultimately at the end of the year, if Congress does nothing, taxes is gonna go up on almost every American. And so, which will really be a double wham for Donald Trump that he raised prices and raised taxes. I was thinking about that. I was thinking about that this week.


And they're Republicans are not gonna let taxes go up on every American. Like they, they may go right up to the deadline, but like one possibility of how this could end is they could say that, you know, given all the economic turmoil that is happening, we are going to just extend them for two years unpaid for, or they'll come up with some small number of cuts. Oh yeah. They'll cobble something together. Right. Maybe they'll gut some part of the inflation reduction act. Maybe they'll, they will pro, you can find some Medicaid stuff like a smaller number that is bad but doesn't get to like the core benefits. And so they cast or Like a, a medic or like a Medicaid, Medicare social security commission Yeah. That comes up with the cuts.


Yeah. And the next two years and Yeah. And if they don't, they set it all up for, you know, 2026 or 2028. Yeah. When, you know. Yeah, I could see That like every part of this process from the, from the start has been to just kick, just punt the ball down the field and then worry about the problems later. And that there is, like, at the end of the day, the last move, the way to do that is a short term extension. This is what happened to the Bush tax cuts, right. They were extended in 2010. Now different situation because de we had a Democrat in the White House and Republicans were about to take over Congress, but the what the ultimate decision was just, we can't figure this out right now. And so we're just gonna kick and an argument of, you know, like economic uncertainty coming outta the recession.


We're not gonna raise taxes at this point, so let's just deal with this later. And Obama got a big tax cut for payroll tax cut in exchange for that to put some juice in the economy. But like you can see, I just, I just think that, I find it hard to imagine that they're going to solve this problem. Maybe Trump can make all these people vote for it largely unpaid for maybe he can do that. He is gotten 'em to vote for a lot of other stuff. But these people are, are all some of the biggest liars in the history of America. If that, if they will actually do that, Where do you think they're gonna find the money for universal basic income for every person who lives in Greenland? Because I don't know if you saw, but there's a New York Times story Thursday about how they are moving forward on trying to pressure Greenland to join the United States.


And one idea being floated by the Trump administration is to give every Greenland $10,000 per year Per Person. How many people live in Greenland? 57,000. That's it. Yeah. It's actually pretty cheap. And they get, I think they get 600 million a year from Denmark. So we're gonna try to, I guess we're, can you imagine though? Can you imagine the politics of that? Yeah. We're gonna give, we're gonna give the people who live in Greenland, $10,000 a year, every single person, while your costs are going up, while your taxes are going up, while you're cutting your healthcare, Your taxes are going, Throw that one in a fucking pole.


Your, like, your cost of living is gonna go up $4,600 this year and we're gonna give $10,000 to people of Greenlands. I mean, paid for It by you. You're gonna pay for it. I want this to happen so badly. I Would do it. It's because you want this, because you want Greenland. Because I want Greenland. Yes. 'cause I'm gonna move there. Yeah.


Hot Save America is brought to you by Bombas. What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine is your sock drawer? Yep. You heard that right? It's time to ditch any mismatched tired pairs and refresh your collection with some fresh bombas. I switched completely to Bombas. I'm fully bombas and I love it. I might need to do that too, because I have a lot of holes in my socks. I Love, I'm, I I have the, the vintagey ones that have the stripe. I wear 'em constantly. Those, I have tons of them. They're my go-tos now. I wear them every day. I've fully moved away from the ankle socks and the no-show socks. It's over. I've joined Gen Z in the sock department. But if you want ankle socks, Bombas has those too. And the And the marriage department Ready to unlock your new running hobby. Bombas engineers blister fighting, sweat wicking athletic socks that will help you go from that first mile to a whole marathon looking for a nice pair to wear to a wedding. Bombas dress socks are made for loafers heels and all your other fancy shoes, because you gotta stay comfy on that dance floor. They're technically millennial, it's cusp, it's cusp. Calm down everybody. They remember nine 11. And for all your other spring cleaning chores, Bombas has the cushioned arch hugging pairs that'll keep you comfy while you spruce up the house and walk the dog and do whatever else you do on a normal day. You know what goes great with new spring socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all that too. Best part of all this, for every comfy pair you purchase, Bombas donates another comfy pair to someone facing homelessness. Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombas.com/crooked and use code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/crooked code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. bombas.com/crooked And use code crooked.


What's popping listeners? I'm Lacey Mosley, host of the podcast, scam Goddess, the show that's an ode to fraud and all those who practice it. Each week I talk with very special guests about the Scammier scammers of all time. Wanna know about the fake? Hes We got em. What about a career conman? We've got them too. Guys that will whine and dine you and then steal all your coins. Oh, you know, they are represented because representation matters. I'm joined by guests like Nicole Byer, IRA Madison iii, Conan O'Brien and more. Join the congregation and listen to Scam Goddess wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay, we gotta talk about two more executive orders that Trump signed on Wednesday. In the midst of all of this, he did it in front of the cameras, the press, white House staff. And for some reason, Gretchen Whitmer, the orders target, two members of Trump's first administration, Chris Krebs and Miles Taylor. Trump not only stripped them of their security clearances, he also directed the Department of Justice to investigate them. Miles. Taylor, you might remember as the Department of Homeland Security official who wrote the briefly famous and briefly anonymous op-ed in the New York Times in 2018 titled I Am part of the Resistance inside the Trump administration. He has since come out and he's been a, a critic, vocal critic of Donald Trump.


On, on, you know, in the press, Krebs was, Chris Krebs was head of the cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency and said in 2020 that there had been no fraud in the election, which Trump fired him for via tweet. Notably Krebs later testified in front of the January 6th committee where to even begin here. That was wild. Watching it live was fucking wild. This is possibly the most authoritarian, scariest thing that Trump has done. Right. And not to just reiterate what you said, but he signed two executive orders targeting individual Americans by name and directed the government to investigate them for the crime of criticizing the regime.


Yeah. And said that, oh, I think treason. It was treason. Yeah. Like just was saying, throwing that around, you know, A a crime punishable by death. Right, right. And that has like, and I'm not sure why this is not a bigger deal. Obviously there's been a lot happening this week, so I, I understand that there's limited bandwidth, but this like, and maybe people were like, well, you know, I think even probably if you're talking to like reporters about this, maybe other Democrats are not talking about it. They would say, well, no one's investigated them yet. They still may. It seems, you know, it doesn't seem like there's a lot of, there isn't a lot in this version of Trump. There's not a lot of Let him talk and then we will just let it fade away. It's like he talks and people do what he says. Yeah. But even wi, even if they never charge him with crimes, the entire goal here is to ski, to make it, to scare the living deal out of anyone who wants to criticize the administration to essentially to penalize you for free speech.


Which is fucking ironic given the free speech Warriors who surround this president and what he talked about the campaign, but like individual Americans by name, he signed a piece of paper directing the Department of Justice to investigate an American for the crime of criticizing the president. Yeah. That's it. For and and for and for telling the truth. Yes. About the 2020 election. Yeah. And like it was, and everyone's just like, okay, cool. We're just gonna let that happen now. And like, you know, if they do get investigated, hopefully they can find law firms that will take their case. Right. Because I just saw in the New York Times too that he's about, he's on the cusp of making a deal with more law firms. In fact, he also announced that he's going to be forcing, and I don't know if he'll able, he is able to do this or they will accept it, but he's gonna force some of the law firms that he already made deals with to take on coal companies to help defend coal companies.


They're probably doing that anyway, honestly. But I mean it, like, think about this, you're Miles Taylor and you're trying to get a lawyer, like you're just firm is gonna have to have a meeting to decide if they can take on Miles Taylor or Chris Krebs as clients. Because if they're not already on Trump's hit list, they will be on Trump's hit list for that. And all of a sudden they're not allowed in federal buildings anymore and they have to cut some terrible deal or become part of this lawsuit. I mean, it is, And, and This is really bad shit. Really. Let's, let's play out the investigation. They are sort of investigated, but you know, the people either people are like, I can't really do this. There's nothing here. This is ridiculous. Or a judge is gonna throw it or whatever. You know, miles Taylor and, and Chris Krebs, they both have jobs, they have livings.


Like, are are they gonna, are people gonna do business with them? Are they gonna have clients again? Are clients gonna be scared off of that? Like they, they now lost their security clearances, which I know a lot of people have, but there's just a, there's a, there's a whole host of second, third, fourth order effects here. Inclu. Are they gonna be threatened, intimidated by fucking mago crazies online or at their home? Like it's just, it is out fucking outrageous and it's pretty wild that it just hasn't made that much noise. And that there aren't more people out there defending Miles and Chris and saying, no, this is like, this is too far. Like we have, we have two problems here. One three problems. I guess one problem is that this happened in the middle of a global financial crisis spurred on by the idiocy of his, of a president.


So that is going to suck up a lot of oxygen. So I understand that. The second thing is that a lot of people are not gonna want to get involved here because they don't wanna have their name on an executive order or their law firm banned from federal government buildings or their university have their funds impounded until they can agree to some sort of deal. And so people, like people are afraid to speak out, which is the whole fucking point to begin with. And the other thing is, is that Democrats have not, not enough Democrats feel emboldened enough to speak out about this stuff in part because, and I think part of that is not that they're afraid of speaking out about Trump. They're not like, I don't think that at all. But I think that they, like, there is a real belief that the best way to beat Trump is to talk about the economy and therefore that's what you should do.


And that's what they're doing this week. I ultimately think that that is a mistake. I have a lot to say about that, maybe in a different forum. But I think this is a, that that is part of the problem is that no one has an incentive to speak up here. And when no one speaks up, more bad things happen. Right. And it's also the, it's, it's Trump's strategy and every authoritarian strategy to divide people and pick them off one by one. And you know, I, I'll, I'll target a few law firms and then a few will make deals with me. And so then they'll be weaker. 'cause the other ones don't. And the other ones will be scared. And I'll pick a few coll, I'll pick off a few colleges and I'll pick off a few politicians and a few former administration officials to get investigated.


And I only, and, and everyone else is too scared. And it's like a collective action problem. And this is why like people need to, this is why like the hands-off rallies were great. This is why it was good that Obama went out and said something. This is why it's good that Cory Booker did the, the filibuster speech. This is why it's good that more and more people are speaking out. Like there is, we have to, there has to be some solidarity here because if, if his job is to pick people off and divide us against each other, then the antidote to that is for people to like speak out with one voice and, and stand up for each other. Even if it's, even if like you're worried about yourself or you're worried that it might happen to you or, or it's someone that, you know, you don't think it could happen.


Like people have to start coming together and, and, and not be afraid because this is how, this is how he wins. This is how we sort of like continue our dissent into authoritarianism. You think Gretchen Whitmer was looking around for a fire alarm to pull while this was going on? I mean, she was, she was right in the Oval Office and you know, her office, which I completely believe her office came out with a statement afterwards and was like, she had no idea that these eos were gonna be signed. She had no idea there was gonna be a press avail in the Oval Office. She had met with Trump, she had criticized, she, she criticized him directly or she told, told him that the tariffs were shitty idea before he did the pause. Not that she like, you know, was the, the one maybe She was, maybe she was, someone was congrat.


Were run those TikTok stories. Yeah, right. You never know. But so she gets, so she ends up in the Oval Office. You can imagine Trump doing this, right? Like he's, he's, he's, he's nice to her in person. Then he brings her in and then she has to see this and then he calls her out because he wants everyone to know that she's there. Yeah. And, and allowing this to happen. And then like, what do you do if you're Gretchen Whitmer? You know? Yeah. I mean, I feel like obviously never gonna the office with Trump. Like that's just a general rule. But you can just see how you're in the White House with the president. I'm doing this event. Come on in here. She obviously didn't, I will go to my grave believing she obviously would not have gone if she'd known what it was about. Of course. I don't think course probably even it was a press event. Of course she just like brought in the, of course.


But I do think I, I, I thought about this one for a while. Like there is a, there's a sliding doors moment here for her where like she, you know, she's taken some criticism now for the speech and then everything and whatever. It's like people will forget about it in, in a while. But there's also a version of this where he signs the eos, he says something to her and she speaks out about it, like right there in the oval while the cameras are on like Janet Mills did, And suddenly she's a fucking hero. Yeah. And now look, the risk is she was trying to get stuff done for Michigan. They talked about some invasive species of fish and the president was gonna help her with, is it the Asian carp?


It's the Asian carp, Dan. It's the Asian carp. We've been there, we all know. Yeah. We've, we've dealt with it ourselves. It's the Asian carp. And I think I was dealing with this in the fucking Senate office. You Were, yeah. It's a big, it's a big deal in It's an Illinois thing too. Yeah. There was a military base. She was trying to help, you know, keep open or whatever, and you know, you can make the argument if you're her, I'm, I'm, my job is to represent the people of Michigan and I wanted to help the people of Michigan. And so having a constructive relationship with the president is the best way to do that. Gavin Newsom did this around the fires, right? Like you can, you can see the rationale behind it, but I think democratic politicians, particularly democratic politicians who may want to be president or, or just run for high office, have to start thinking if this is not normal politics anymore, if this is not even the first Trump term anymore.


But this is something much scarier and much more serious than do I need, like, is the best way to represent my constituents just like bringing home the bacon and talking about the economy, or do I, or I have to use my position and the platform that I have to speak out and to fight this guy and to show that I'm not afraid to fight this guy so that other people won't be afraid to fight this guy. Because that's what like a real leader will do. And I realize that that takes like, it's, it's a, it's a different thought process. It's not gonna come to you from your consultants or polls or anything else. There's some risk to it. But I do feel like we're at a moment where democrats who take that risk will be rewarded certainly by the voters, at least by democratic voters.


You see that in the crowds, right? The crowds that were showing up for Bernie and a OC for instance. Yes. Like you've seen that in the crowds that showed up for Chris Murphy and Maxwell Frost when they did their talent, their town halls recently. Like or the event you guys did with Roanna, right? Yeah. There is a value in speaking out. Like I, I don't know enough the circumstances to know like what was like actually possible Gretchen Whitmer, but your point about a tendency to respond to an extraordinary moment with ordinary politics, which is I was just my main criticism of Schumer and what he did on the budget. Bill stands for the party for much of the party right now. Yes, I agree stipulating that most everything is awful right now, as we've made clear throughout the show and most shows, there are a few rays of hope out there that we wanna mention from this week.


One example, after a huge public outcry, the Social Security administration has decided not to move forward with Elon Musk and doer's plan to cut its phone hotline service. This is a quote from the Washington Post story about this. Beneficiaries began lining up at field offices across the country, clutching driver's licenses and asking if they must prove who they were in person. Phone wait times ballooned in the agency's website started crashing almost daily under a crush of panicked callers and visitors besieged by angry constituents. Lawmakers demanded that the acting commissioner and the chaos now after nearly a month of chaos and backlash, the Doge plans are dead. How about that? That's exciting.


Yeah. What do you think was this, do you think this was a result of, of real pressure or was just, just a catastrophically bad idea destined to fall under the weight of its own stupidity? Well, there've been a lot of catastrophically bad ideas that have not yet fallen under the weight of their own stupidity in this administration. So, good point. I think, look, people showed up, they made their voices heard. That is the only tool in our toolbox right now to push back. Right? Yeah. The Congress is not gonna do it. Republicans and Congress certainly aren't gonna do it. Democrats don't have the Democrats, Congress don't have the power to do it. The courts, and we'll get to this in a minute, can do it, but there are limits to what they will do here. The business community is not gonna step up.


The tech companies are not gonna stack up. Step up. Universities are cutting deals with Trump, law firms are cutting deals with Trump. The only way to actually push back on what Trump is doing to stop him from doing the worst things is for people to take to the streets and make their voices heard in ways big and small. And that's what happened last weekend. And we have to keep doing that. Like, is that the exact reason why these changes were made? Maybe, maybe not, we don't know. But the fact that people, this is a thing that Trump did that everyone yelled about and they yelled about it and they called and they showed up and he, and they had to back down is proof that we can actually, with Pul political pressure make a difference here. Yeah, I totally agree on immigration. We got two good rulings from federal judges in New York and Texas. Pausing Trump's alien enemies act deportations in their jurisdictions, or at least requiring hearings for detainees before they can be removed.


Those rulings were directly the result of Monday's Supreme Court ruling, where the court overturned Judge Berg's pause on deportations to El Salvador, but more importantly ruled that all deportations without due process are illegal. All nine justices agreed that every person has the right to ample notice and ample opportunity to challenge their removal. So not the huge win that Trump claimed. And literally as we were recording, we just got the news that the Supreme Court has decided unanimously that the government must facilitate the return of Kmar Abrego Garcia. This is the Maryland father that they, with basically no evidence decided was MS 13.


And then the government admitted that they sent him to El Salvador in error where because he had legal protections not to be deported to El Salvador, that a judge specifically gave him. And I haven't read the opinion yet, but yeah, they, they're, they've told the government to facilitate his return. This is the case that JD Vance tweeted at me and said that I obviously hadn't read the court document about this because he was MS 13. Well, JD Vance, I guess you didn't fucking read the court document because all nine Supreme Court justices, including Sam Alito and Clarence Thomas think that this guy should be returned. Fuck you two to Steven Miller, who also asked me if I wanted to live in neighborhoods with foreign terrorists.


Well, the Supreme Court does not believe this is a foreign terrorist because they are telling the government to facilitate his return. So that is some pretty good news from the Supreme Court. It's a very good news and I really hope the government facilitates It's good news. I was gonna say it's good news for now. The, the truly dark and horrible news will be when the administration tells all nine members of the Supreme Court to fuck off. If that happens, then we're in really, really bad terror territory. Or, or they, or they tell what's his face El Salvador to be, Which they, which they could. Which they could. But it is, it is, I do think it is good to know that even this Supreme Court and, and especially all nine members, do not believe as the Trump administration seems to believe that they can round up people in this country and send them to a fucking gulag in El Salvador with no due process.


Just because the Trump administration tells us based on whatever evidence they feel like they don't even wanna share and won't share that these people are, are alleged gang members. And that even if, and the more, even more alarming thing that even if they know they sent the wrong person, they don't have to bring that person back. Yeah, no shit. And one more good immigration story. The other day we talked about how in a small town in upstate New York called Sacketts Harbor Ice rated a dairy farm and, and they had a warrant for one undocumented immigrant. But then once they got him, they decided to just search the whole neighborhood and they seized a mother and her three kids, an 11th grader, a 10th grader, and a third grader put them in handcuffs, sent them to a detention center in Texas.


One of the kids teachers called the principal. And together they got the whole town activated to protest and demand the kids' return. Teachers played a huge role, made calls to state officials between classes. So did the county Democratic Committee. This is all according to the Washington Post. They held a rally, like a thousand people in the town showed up, got the governor involved, they finally got the family released and the kids are now back in class. And the best part of this story is that this is serious Trump country. Trump won Jefferson County where Sacketts Harbor is by 24 points. And this is Borders are Tom Holman's hometown. He owns a house in Sacketts Harbor and he grew up there and one of the marchers at the rally had a sign that said humans up home and down, Which great Work people absolutely love.


Yeah. And I don't know, I just think it's, look, it shouldn't have happened. And it's horrifying that these kids had to, had to go to a detention center in Texas and apparently like one of the kids was just fucking uncontrollably crying the entire time because he was, you know, he was a third grader, of course third grader. Imagine a third grader going to Texas and then the other third graders in his class and his teacher being like, but the whole town, even though they voted for Trump, the whole town came together and, and rallied and protested. And I think if the people in that town can do it, then people all over this country should do it too. I have two thoughts on this one, just that should, like what happened there should embolden so many people in this country to speak up on behalf of the people who were being treated this way. And it also just makes me so furious at the refusal of Democrats, including Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and their campaigns to talk about Trump's mass deportation plans.


'cause if you can emo, if you can talk about what it, like, not just recently arri recent arrivals or criminals or all of that, but understand that there are people who are embedded in this community, children who know no country other than this one being put in handcuffs and being sent somewhere and deported like that. You can rally the country around that. And we just, we wave the white flag on that. And that was a huge mistake. Huge mistake. And again, there is, it is a false choice to think that we, we can't have a message on immigration that, and a policy on immigration that emphasizes that, you know, we have laws in this country and we want people to come here legally and some people are gonna be deported.


And that's our, there's no false choice between that and speaking out against this policy, which is rounding up people who are, are legal residents and and green card holders and sending them to this fucking prison for the rest of their lives based on no due process. Like it is, it is unconscionable. And if you as a Democrat can't draw the distinction between a normal immigration policy and this, then I don't what you're doing in politics. Alright. Speaking of immigration, this week Tommy sat down with Lindsay Slosky, the co-founder of Immigrant Defenders Law Center. She's the lawyer for Andre Hernandez Romero, the Venezuelan makeup artist who's been disappeared to El Salvador for having tattoos that ice mistook for gang symbols.


The full conversation is on our YouTube page, but we wanted to play an excerpt for you all here. Let's Just start with the basics. Like Andre and all of these men have been thrown in this prison in El Salvador. We can't speak to them, we can't hear from them. We know nothing, you know, they can't speak for themselves. What can you tell us about him? Well, I can tell you a lot about what we learned before he went, but like you said, I can't say anything about what has happened over the last, more than three weeks now because he's been completely incommunicado. And that means no journalists, no lawyers, no family members, and even, you know, organizations like the International Committee of the Red Cross and others who would normally be able to speak with people in detention have not been able to speak Wow.


With him or any other detainees that we're aware of. Andre came to the US in August of 2024. He was seeking asylum. He's a gay man, he's a professional makeup artist. He worked at a state run TV station in Venezuela. He was persecuted there because they wanted him to put up pro Maduro social media posts. He didn't wanna do it. He was actually physically beaten as a result, he was also harassed and physically assaulted because of his sexual orientation. Geez. So he fled like so many other Venezuelans. Yeah. And came to the US to seek asylum. He initially tried to come in one time and was told that he needed to make a CBP one appointment, which is this app that during the Biden administration they were asking people to use in order to get asylum or in order to apply.


And he went to Tijuana, he made that appointment. He waited over a month for that appointment, and then he entered the US Once he was in the US he was in ice detention the entire time. Hmm. So he's never even been in the United States for one moment as a free person from the moment he crossed at the border until the moment they forced him and disappeared him on a plane to El Salvador, he was in custody. So he was unequivocally not a threat to anyone in the United States at any time. Absolutely not. And just, you know, we've now in researching for his asylum case and doing his declaration and collecting evidence in speaking with his family, you know, I've been asked many times, is it possible that he is, you know, a gay makeup artist masquerading as that when he's really AUA gang member.


The truth is the same could be said about you or about me. It's outside the realm of what seems to be possible. And specifically as a lawyer, I would say they've never presented any evidence that would indicate that that is true. All that they submitted were pictures of the crown tattoos on his wrists, which have his mom and dad's name and the crown tattoo along with a, an article from Newsweek that says that this imagery along with many other, you know, very common types of tattoos, could mean that someone's ua what we know and what we would've presented had we had our day in court, had he been given any due process, is that experts have said there are actually no tattoos that indicate someone is a member of this gang.


There's no, you know, singular tattoo that you could point to. Yeah. I mean, there's a a, there's a Venezuelan journalist who was talking to the New Yorker who said, quote, trend Deua does not use any tattoos as a form of gang identification. No Venezuelan gang does. So to hear the full conversation, head to our YouTube page, youtube.com/at symbol Pod Save America. And by the way, subscribe to our YouTube channel Pod Save America, because we are now doing a lot of YouTube only content when, when news breaks, we're just like running into the studio when we don't have a pod and we're just gonna do some YouTube. And it's really important because right-wing media is, is kicking our ass on YouTube.


And the more subscribers we have, the more subscribers that progressive media outlets on YouTube have, when people start searching for things, the algorithm will is more likely to bring up the good content instead of just send them down the rabbit hole of crazy right wing content. So really important to go on and please subscribe to Pod Save America and we'll have all kinds of great content for you there. Okay. When we come back from the break, you'll hear Dan's conversation with Aul Gawande about all of the deeply concerning things happening in our healthcare system. But two announcements. Before we do that, we get a new episode of Polar Coaster Out. Dan, tell Us about it. We do. Carol and I talked about how the tariffs and the reaction to the tariffs is just utterly devastating Trump's numbers and could prestage the collapse of his presidency.


The episode was so compelling that within two hours of its release, Trump paused the tariffs just saying That's what did it, it wasn't the bond market, it was polar coaster. I mean, this po Polar coaster might have affected the bond market too. Like it, it's got a lot really punches above its weight. Look, to celebrate this for one month only, this month only, we are offering a free 30 day trial of our friends of the pod subscription. With your subscription, you'll get polar coaster. You'll also enjoy ad free episodes Pod Save America Pod save the World. And now we've added offline and Love It or leave it as well. You'll also join our Discord community where you can process and discuss the news with fellow listeners all around the world.


It's a fantastic community of great people. Sign up at crooked.com/friends or directly through Apple Podcasts to start your free 30 day trial. Now. Also, because Trump just made everything more expensive, the Crooked Store is making our bestselling t-shirts cheaper. How's that? Nice. It's the perfect time to grab a piece that expresses what you care about. Like a don't Mess with immigrants t-shirt or a Touch Grass tee for 25% off the sale won't last long. So head to crooked.com/store to Shop now.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, 85% of people have least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones you're not using anymore, saving you more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. The new goals feature automatically saves money for you so you don't have to think about it. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million and canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/crooked today. That's rocket money.com/crooked rocket money.com/crooked.


What's popping listeners? I'm Lacey Mosley, host of the podcast Scam Goddess, the show that's an ode to fraud and all those who practice it. Each week I talk with very special guests about the scam scammers of all time. Wanna know about the fake Hes We got 'em. What about a career conman? We've got them too. Guys that will whine and dine you and then steal all your coins. Oh, you know, they are represented because representation matters. I'm joined by guests like Nicole Byer, IRA Madison iii, Conan O'Brien and more. Join the congregation and listen to Scam Goddess wherever you get your podcasts.


Joining us now to discuss RFK Junior, the cuts to the country's health agencies and the government's response to the measles outbreak is Dr. O'Toole Gawande, a surgeon, a bestselling author, and the former assistant administrator for Global Health and U-S-A-I-D and the Biden administration. Welcome to Positive America. Delighted to be here. I wanna start with the measles outbreak in Texas, which has taken the lives of at least two children. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Was down in Texas recently to meet with the family of one of the children who passed away. How do you assess the government's response to the outbreak so far? Are they doing the right things or things that someone who was maybe not a vaccine skeptic as HHS secretary would be doing? Just what do, what do you think? Well, I, a lot of our attention has been on like what's he saying is he, is he calling for the vaccine?


And that is such a low bar. Like three months ago if this happened or really in any other administration, you would've had the National Security Council pulling people together across all of the agencies including C, d, C, the leadership at FDA, also U-S-A-I-D and others working abroad, because measles is a global epidemic. We have cases coming from abroad and we have spread in the United States. They would've had all of their clinical people together. We had a, what we call the doctors group that would get together on a weekly basis to look at crisis situations.


And we don't see any of this happening. Right. You would see the HHS secretary or the head of CDC on calls every week with the states having the outbreaks and in and other states public health officials to get on top of this. Instead, we've had spread to where a outbreak in west Texas has gone over the border to Mexico and also is cropping up in 20 states around the country. So this is not the right steps. So not, not good is what you're saying. Not good. And this is solvable. Yeah, I mean, we eliminated measles in the United States. Our elimination status is at risk and, and we have, you know, one in a thousand kids dies.


The fact that there are already three people who've died indicates that the counts that say that there might be around 500 cases are way under what the reality is. And what do you attribute the, the response or do they not take it as seriously? Or is this just a government that is not set up to actually deal with a crisis, they don't have the right people in place? I think it starts with the skepticism and then add in the, there are multiple layers of destruction going on. Right? There is the attitude towards measles and the vaccine, but then there's the fact that there has been doge cuts across the government, including pulling $11 billion from state public health programs when they rescinded funds that were allocated during covid for strengthening public health that shut down, you know, vaccination clinics in West Texas that were trying to vaccinate against measles.


Then you have all of the work that has undone advisory groups, any independent assessment within the government on paths forward. And you've purged CDC and FDA of many of their top vaccine people. This is a systematic dismantling in a chaotic and unsystematic way. As you mentioned, RFK Junior did say that the MR vaccine was the most effective way to prevent measles. But in an interview on CBS in another place, he seems he can't help himself from raising some concerns about the safety of vaccines in general.


Right. Can you just talk a little bit about what he is getting wrong and what the science actually says about the safety of these vaccines? The, he's got a million charges that he throws at vaccines. Here's the thing to know. We have reduced child deaths in the last 50 years by 75%. 40% of that reduction in child deaths has come from vaccines. And 60% of the vaccine death reduction has come from the measles vaccine alone. We're now in a world where there is about 10 million children who are being infected by measles, where over a hundred thousand child deaths in the world.


The United States shouldn't be joining that list. And so it's critical that we are stopping the direction of travel here. I mean, we are undoing our global systems and our state and national systems for everything from NIH research on production of vaccines and improving uptake, people's willingness to get vaccines where dismantling major parts of the expertise in the FDA around approving vaccines and have actions that have, you know, one of the first actions of the FDA commissioner was to disallow approval of a novavax covid vaccine, even though it was recommended by the technical regulators.


And then you have CDC guidance now under political controls. The direction of travel we we see here is where technical expertise is being removed. Independence to make scientific judgments and recommendations is being undermined. And communications are, are being put into the offices of the secretary or top officials who are political appointees. And so you're seeing more political controls over critical decisions and less technical expertise. I mean, along those lines, you know, I think one of the biggest stories of RFK junior's tenure at HHS thus far has been the alster of Dr. Peter Marks who had a vaccine regulation.


You know, in his resignation letter marks wrote that it become clear that truth and transparency were not desired by the secretary. And that all they wanted was confirmation of misinformation and lies. You just talk a little bit about what his alster means and like what it could mean. And you mentioned the no, the, the covid vaccine that was, that where approval was delayed, what it could mean for, like, I assume the f they, the FDA has to approve a flu vaccine later this year. I guess assume a covid booster at some point. Like what does this mean for just the day-to-day work that the FDA has to do to get vaccines out into the world? Yes, you put your finger on it. Look, moving Peter Marks out and having him go was a sign of what was to come.


But, you know, changing leadership is not an abnormal thing to do. What went with him was the top regulatory capacity and many of their experts, he oversaw a wide swath of work that ranged from vaccines to getting gene and and cell therapies approved for the world. You know, they were the ones who figured out how to look at sickle cell. We, we have a cure for sickle cell with a gene therapy now. And that was because of figuring out the way that you could actually safely regulate, test, and approve such, such new tools.


That entire infrastructure has now been weakened. It's alarmed. The community, the biotechnology community, the United States has been the leader in in gene therapy, cell cell therapy and in vaccine development. All of those industries now are seeing their net valuation hammered. They're seeing their confidence that they can move and, and be innovative by partnering with the FDA harmed. It's hard for them to get communications the way that they used to. So this is, this is the undermining of an entire industry and it's, it's a pattern we see in multiple areas.


This, this is only one, you know, to take another example, tobacco, the Office of Tobacco Control and the FDA and in this in CDC have been eliminated for, for the large part, they still have reviewers. They can approve vapes, but the people who would issue do the research, do the guidance, issue regulations, and then enforce the regulations that are out there. Those people are gutted, they're gone. And, and you know, that's for one of our biggest causes of chronic illness in the country. So the claim is that they're trying to do good work by chronic illness.


This is completely the opposite, You know, I mean that all goes along with, you know, basically these gutting of several of the agents health agents, F-D-A-C-D-C, about 10,000 people have been laid off. We've, you know, although courts have stepped in, you've had attempts to gut funding for NIH research grants. Other things, maybe I hope you could talk a little bit about like what that means broadly for the health of the country, right? Like what is being lost by gutting some of these by the, by losing these staff, you know, in particular, I think people are really worried about the NIH grants. You see headlines about how we've been on the cusp of breakthroughs and cancer and other therapies and other potential cures that are, that are being delayed by these research grants.


So just, I want people to kind of understand what the opportunity cost is to sort of these doge cuts at HHS To see the whole picture. You have to understand that these are hitting every part of the health and science infrastructure that have made the US the leader in this space for a century. It starts with core research, basic research at the NIH, you know, the purge of 10,000 people now, but it had been 10,000 people just a couple weeks before that as well. So you're seeing a quarter of HHS hammered at NIH that has meant all issuance of new research grants have been stopped.


Research in areas around vaccine uptake and research in critical areas around disparities in maternal survival. These are being hammered for ideological reasons and that are extending to hundreds of millions and threatened to be billions of dollars of terminations of grants for universities, which are our core base of developing our, our future scientists. You know, across the country, if you, if you have a child who wants to be a scientist right now out there or are in a young scientist, your opportunities have been shut down in the space of weeks because graduate student programs have been frozen or rescinded, actually acceptances for, for programs.


So that's the NIH side. They've also shifted decision making over grants from individual institutes like the Cancer Institute or the Infectious Disease Institute into the director's office, which is, you know, where you have less expertise but more access to political controls. And that's the pattern you see now. Usually they go from, you know, NIH research becomes FDA proposed solutions coming from companies that, that take the work that NIH does and turn it into products. 99% of FDA drugs came from, started with contributions from the National Institutes of Health, those FDA, the FDA, we talked about the ways that it's been gutted or, or crippled in significant ways across the agency.


Their, many of their top experts and, you know, nutritionists, drug drug experts, lawyers who know how to manage the regulatory processes, the, the communicators and coordinators, those people are, are purged. Then you have guidance from the, from the CDC also hindered, and then our effort to move it out into the world. Medicaid, we're looking at massive cuts, potentially Medicare, unclear what is intended there. And then at usaid, which I, where I led global health, you see it being entirely dismantled.


100% of the staff now terminated and, and programs from global HIV controlled to domestic elimination of HIV are are, are significantly hindered or dismantled. During the cabinet meeting with the president today and then an interview with Fox News, RFK Junior announced that by September he would've an announcement to ex for the cause of what he said to be a massive increase in number of autism diagnoses in this country. Let's take a quick listen to what he said on Fox News so you can respond to it. So this is an epidemic like nothing we've ever seen before. It dwarves the covid epidemic a cause to our country. These are children.


Covid was killing elderly people at the end of their lives. This is disabling children of their entire lives. None of the vaccines that are given to children during the first six months of life were ever studied. We're gonna look at vaccines, but we're gonna look at everything, everything is on the table. Our food system, our water, our air, different ways of parenting, all the kind of changes that may have, may have triggered this epidemic In the, in the cabinet meeting in early in this interview, RFK Junior says when he was a child, it was the one in 10,000 kids were diagnosed with autism. Now he claims it's something like one in 31 or something like that. People hear those numbers.


That's obviously very alarming and concerning. What, but can you just, but this also be given what he said here and just the, the long running conspiracy theory about a connection between autism and childhood vaccines. Just what's your response to what he's doing here and what, like, and what is he maybe, what's the full story he is not telling us about the science? Yeah, so let's unpack a couple of things. Number one is the rise in the rate of autism. We have become much more liberal about diagnosing people on the spectrum, and we have much more respect for neuro atypical personalities and people. And recognize also that there are different kinds of supports that enable people across that spectrum.


There is not an indication that the most severe forms of autism have changed in their frequency. We don't completely know. So I can't rule out that there has been hidden within that some increase in autism. Second, this claim that we have not studied vaccines in children under six months or as children under a year, which it gets repeated. We, we have thousands of randomized patients in trials at those ages, for example, when the rotavirus vaccine was approved. And so, you know, we have years of evidence that not only are vaccines safe, but as I noted before, it's the driver of 40% of the last half centuries reduction in child mortality.


We are in, you know, i i, in my work at USAD, I've, I've been working in places where they are swamped with measles and have, and have hundreds to thousands of deaths. And, and that is not the world we need to return to. But we are seeing because of poor approaches on public health return of measles, we're seeing return of tuberculosis with highest rates of tuberculosis we've seen in a significant outbreak in Kansas. We're seeing now loss of control in HIV and abandonment of prevention programs where we were within years, within, within five to 10 years of being able to stop HIV in its entirety.


So the, what we see him doing is the classic playbook of pseudoscience. You cherry pick the data, you fall back on conspiracy claims that, that people aren't speaking the truth. And you have people who don't have a tr a track record of expertise such as RFK Jr. S speaking to the, to science and making claims that you take, take the mainstream scientists who actually have done the work in this area, develop vaccines or pediatricians who are, who have overseen work in the space and you have consistent evidence that vaccines are safe, they're remarkably effective.


They've been a driver of our doubling of human life expectancy in the last century. There's another part of, maybe this is pseudoscience as well, but you know, we're talking about the vaccines. The va the anti-vaccine part is probably the least popular or the least, you know, although too many people support it, but least popular of the larger, quote unquote make America healthy again, our MAHA agenda, another piece of this is fluoride and water. State of Utah just banned fluoride and water at the urging of RFK Junior. He was in Utah to celebrate that. Lee Zelin, the EPA administrator said he's gonna look at this. What can you tell us about fluoride in water and, and what and what it's safe?


Why, why these people are concerned and whether it's safe. Well, there are some studies that at very high rates of fluoride you can have some damage from, from fluoride overdose, so to speak. We have very low rates of fluoride in the water. It's contributed to extremely low rates of cavities, which mean that, you know, people have their teeth in the United States, you know, as they reach 60, 70, 80 years of age in a way that, that we didn't used to anymore. Now there's lots of evidence that our, our oral hygiene has improved a great deal and questions about how effective fluoride really is at this point.


But the fearmongering that is behind the notion that it needs to be, that, that it should be banned in states and not have not allowed in this country is not, look, it's worth weighing out. Is it worth the expense and money at this point? And I think there's a legitimate discussion to be had on fluoride, but it is hardly a danger or a cause of major harm in the country. It wouldn't be on the top of your list of, of things to address, you know, as opposed to the other things on the Maha agenda like clean air, clean water, those sorts of things.


Which it seems like Lee Elden is less concerned about than, than fluoride, I guess. Yeah, I mean the, there are things on the, you know, they make America healthy again, agenda that you named are, that are super important, like keeping clean air and clean water, which we are, you know, there's what they do, there's what they say and then what they do. Yeah. And what they're doing is stripping out work that is vital for addressing chronic illness, whether it's diabetes research, whether it's clean air, and, and now, you know, trying to open the way to have re pollute our cities in a way that we have not had in, in a long time.


Get rid of our regulation, regulatory oversight of tobacco, which is still the biggest killer in the world when it comes to cardiovascular disease. And then, you know, we have had chronic issues in the United States with lead poisoning in, in poorer populations and minority populations. And, and that's a much bigger problem than fluoride when it comes to toxic metals and, and is a major driver of chronic illness and disease around the world. So, you know, is there work we need to do on nutrition? Is there work we need to do around addressing our diabetes and obesity? Is there work to do on, on pollution and clean air and clean water?


Yes. They are not doing that. That seems like a perfect place to end it. Dr. Wadi, thank you so much for joining us. Glad To be here. Thanks. That's our show for today, Tommy Lut and I will be back with a new show on Tuesday. Bye Everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production.


Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Naomi SLE is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heathcote, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, ki Pal Aviv and David Tolls. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


What's popping listeners? I'm Lacey Mosley, host of the podcast, scam Goddess, the show that's an ode to fraud and all those who practice it. Each week I talk with very special guests about the Scammier scammers of all time. Wanna know about the fake Hess? We got them. What about a career conman? We've got them too. Guys that will whine and dine you and then steal all your coins. Oh, you know, they are represented because representation matters. I'm joined by guests like Nicole Byer, IRA Madison ii, Conan O'Brien and more. Join the congregation and listen to Scam Goddess wherever you get your podcasts.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.