
Pod Save America is brought to you by Quince Father's Day. Gifting is always the same story. Socks, grill tools, repeat This year do better. Head to Quince. Quince makes it easy to find gifts that actually feel thoughtful for the dads in your life. Quince has all the pieces Dads actually wanna wear, like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts, and comfortable pants that work for everything. From weekend hangouts to nice dinners. The best part, everything with Quince is priced 50 to 80% less than what you'd find at similar brands. By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middleman, quince gives you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. Great stuff at Quince. I just got a, a zip up hoodie 'cause it gets really cold in this office, like right now. And I also got some t-shirts and a few polos. So, and I'm supposed to talk about what I got from my father, but I didn't get him anything from Quince. Sorry, dad. Huh? When is Father's Day? It's middle of June. We got some time. Got time. Okay. For the dad who deserves better than Basic Quince has you covered, go to quince.com/crooked for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/crooked to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/crooked


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We got all four of us here today. We are doing a, a mailbag. We're gonna take some of your questions. Hope everyone had a good Memorial Day weekend, but we woke up. It's Friday, we're recording this, and we woke up and, you know, Donald Trump made a bunch of news, so we might talk a little bit about that at the top if you guys want. It's not often. I, I wake up and there's like multiple breaking news New York Times notifications on your phone about Donald Trump. Really? That like most days? Well, this one was like a couple right in a row. Mm. Because first he threatened the EU with a, they had a coming, right? Yeah. Which is one of, one of his favorite punching bags with a 50% tariff because they're, apparently the trade negotiations aren't going well with Europe.


So starting on June 1st, he wants, he wants to recommend a straight 50% tariff. So it's gonna be tough to drink those French wines. Tommy. No, I need a better, I need a Better one of those. No. And then right after that, he said I've long ago informed Tim Cook of Apple that I expect their iPhones that will be sold in the United States of America will be manufactured and built in the United States, not India or any place else. If that's not the case, a tariff of at least 25% must be paid by Apple to the us. I mean, most of the weekend I'm walking around with a a, an apple, an iPhone in one hand and a glass of wine in the other hand. That's like both of my modern Man.


Wow. Look at this. Yeah. What is he doing? What did have, just scrolling and sipping. Scrolling and sipping. Yeah. Flawlessly wove Those two nerve. I was thinking about it. I'm like wine and wine and iPhone. No, I do think the tariffs are happening to you. No, I Think you're right. Also, all of our kids desperately wanna work at Foxconn. Right. You Know, that's how, That's where this is going. Yeah. And then of course Dan and I talked a little bit on Friday's episode about the threat to Harvard and trying to revoke their ability to enroll any international students whatsoever. Harvard sued. There was a, a temporary injunction granted this morning, Friday morning, but it's still chaos.


I dunno if you guys have read some of the stories there about these students who, students who are already there, who don't know if they're gonna be able to finish school. Students who are incoming students to Harvard International students who have already like, turned down other colleges and we're ready to go to Harvard and now don't know if they can anyways. Trump, Trump versus the world. What do you guys all think? It is? It is very cruel to those students. Could be a good day for somebody who got waitlisted. Yeah, It is, it is like 6,800 kids that 27% of the last year's class I think is international. I just saw a story. I, I saw a Harvard professor tweeting about how among those at risk of not being able to go to Harvard this year are IDF veterans.


So to combat antisemitism, we are telling Israeli combat veterans that they can't go to Harvard. That makes total sense to me. Yeah. Is that what we're doing? We're combating antisemitism by kicking these foreign students, including Israeli students out of Harvard. That is, that is the ostensible purpose of This. It's hard to, it's hard to keep it straight, but Yes. That's why it's also a DEI element to it. They're, they're saying they also employ DEI policy. So it's antisemitism promoting pro Hamas sympathies on campus and DEI policies And what Yeah, and what the, the letter from what's her face, Christy Noam said is that they were demanding from Harvard video footage records of all the international students potential disciplinary actions. So basically like, have they ever, You know, participated in a protest that's, that's sort of What they're looking for.


Not just illegal activity, protected speech protest activity. They're demanding any footage of protests that might involve international students. Yeah. It's just a, You know, Harvard responded, it's brazenly unconstitutional. They're not pretending at all that this has anything to do with their international student program or any kind of illicit or, or illegal conduct by Harvard that would justify shutting down the program. They're explicitly saying, for this other reason that we care about, which is anti-Semitic protest on campus, we are going to use all the levers of power we have at our disposal to fuck with you. So the judge blocked it because Harvard basically is saying this will do a ton of harm even before we're able to litigate it, but it's also just bracingly Unconstitutional.


Yeah. And then the, You know, the markets are taking the tariff threats. Well, well, I Think, I think the markets, I think they're shrugging off the EU portion of it because, I mean, the problem with Trump making these threats now is they've, the Europe has already watched him cave. Yeah. Like multiple times he caved to them, he caved to China. Like we're what's this like round what two or three of these tariff threats? The new thing waking up in threatening a foreign country or a block of them. I think I'm kind of used to right now waking up and threatening one of like, the crown jewels of the US tech community or like one of the biggest US companies period is insane. And the idea that Apple is going to shift manufacturing from China to the United States is nonsensical.


They're trying to shift from China to India in part because of like US government pressure that we want all these major companies to diversify supply chains and not be captive to the Chinese Communist Party. You know, the Chinese are making it very difficult to shift those supply chains and, and manufacturing out of China through a bunch of restrictions that are too boring to get into. But the idea that Apple wouldn't just like eat the 25% tariff and make our iPhones a hundred dollars, $300 more expensive as opposed to trying to completely redo the company in the United States is ludicrous. Just Trump think that there's some like magic factory in a box button that Tim Cook is not pushing. Like even if he were to say tomorrow, like, yes, we're gonna make more, it would be years upon years before you could start making the iPhones in the United States.


Yeah. And it, it's basically what happened to the, the Mattel guy, the, the CEO of Mattel, because he, he said the same thing. He is like, oh, we're moving outta China. We're gonna try to move more production and manufacturing into, into India. And Trump's like, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't get to move from China to India. You have to move here and if not, no more Mattel toys. So that's, that's what we're dealing with. Yeah. This Memorial Day weekend, I Was actually more alarmed by the EU tariffs because what's he fucking doing? Like, is he, is he actually gonna go through with this? It's like more of the same chaos that could have like far reaching consequences with Apple. It's like, all right, the most profitable company in the history of planet Earth. They've made an incredible amount of money making iPhones in China and selling them at tremendous profit in the us.


Like, do I think this is the way the US president should behave? No. But like, do I care that much? Like I really don't, but I do think it speaks to how little Tim Cook has gotten for his obsequious bowing before Donald Trump. Like, are, are, is it working? Is your charm offensive in your donation? Is it working? Doesn't seem like it's working. It's not working. But like the net effect of this is that Apple, the Apple sells like 75 million iPhones in the us. What's most likely to happen is that they all cost $300 more. So yeah, that would really suck for like a huge chunk of the country. Well, Political Impact of, they'll make us eat the cost like it's Samsung Again. You definitely drinking water? No, I know. It's Just annoying. Okay, so let's get to the questions. These are from Discord from our, our subscribers.


The first one is from call me TRL, although I think it's, this one's probably from Elijah. What can condemn voters do to push the party to elect younger reps to leadership positions? Cough a OC oversight committee cough to move on from this seniority system. They have That Was Connolly's last words. Oh My God. Jesus. Come on. No, what, what had cancer? I'm, oh, I didn't realize that. Well I know he died of cancer. I just, that's very specific, but I'm sorry. That was obviously inappropriate and I think we should leave it in. Alright, Dan. Dan, what's your, what's your answer? That's a good joke. I'm still in shock by what just happened there. Sorry.


It Begins with electing young, more younger Democrats. Right? That is, that's the first thing that we're gonna be primaries. We, we are gonna have open seats for the Senate coming up in a whole bunch of states. We should be, if you want the younger Democrats, we should elect those and there should, pressure should be put on leadership to have a different system. Like there is a value in experience for sure. Like the longer, if you've been in Congress a while, You know how these things work. You've developed issue expertise and that matters. But we have to think about other things. Politics is also performance. And we have to think about people who can communicate, who can speak to the large part of our core base that we're losing, which is young voters. And so we, we need a system that isn't simply the, the longer you've been in Congress, you automatically get the spot.


And so yeah, it's put pressure on Hakeem Jeffries, put pressure on Chuck Schumer put pre, if you think we need a younger leadership in the Senate, put pressure on senators. You can do that by calling their office. You can do that through protests to look for le look for younger leadership. And that begins with getting someone to challenge these leaders, right? You actually need that to happen, particularly in the Senate. You know, who's really good at finding young leaders is Matt Gaetz. Oh, You know, this used, this used to be worse. I think before the seventies. It was like just defacto. If you were the most senior member on the committee, you got the job then in the seventies, the party granted the caucus, the power to vote on these things in 2020. Dems put in place six year term limits for chairs. So we could do more of that. There could be rank choice voting for committee chairs.


You could reform the steering committee, which is a leadership setup committee that recommends people for these spots. You could put more emphasis on policy expertise or whatever. There is an open question though, like, does this really fucking matter? Like people care what a OC thinks a lot more than name a random committee chair. I can't even though she was passed over. So it's a fair question. I do agree that the committee chair issue is less of an issue than the fact that a number of house Democrats have died in office. That seems bad Over the last year or so. Three die three have died this year. The last eight members of congress or senators to die while in office have all been Democrats. Yeah, Oof. But You know, ultimately, like you said, Dan, we gotta, we gotta run younger candidates and if you don't see younger candidates running, run yourself.


Right. You know. Alright. This is from Patrick W as someone who worked in the Senate during the first Trump term, I don't remember the moderate Dems. Aside from Manchin voting so often with Republicans for Trump nominees or for bad bills like Lake and Riley, the Genius Act, et cetera. What is going on with senators like Gallego slot, Ken Warner Rosen, that they feel like voting with Republicans in Trump so often in this moment? Anyone wanna take that? So you guys wanna hear some, some Republicans in the first Trump term that got big, big votes? Jim Mattis, you wanna guess? Not a hundred. Nothing Unanimous. Thanks for, Thanks for Yes. Ending this way to be a team player about 98 to one.


I Meant no, i i One who was against Jim Addis, I think it was Senator Gillibrand. I believe there was a question at the time of whether someone who was just in uniform, you're supposed to be statutorily out for five years, I think. Oh, before you can be sec def Elaine Chao got 93 to six for DOT. That's Mitch McConnell. Yeah. McConnell pressing the flesh. It's, I I think like immigration to specific area where Democrats felt like they were offsides politically. And a lot of them are, these people are in border states, so they voted for terrible bills because they thought that's what their constituents want. The genius act is, in my view, an indefensible weird decision. I mean, it's about the regulation of stable coins.


It got 69 votes in the Senate. Nice. I think Democrats are scared of crypto money and also they want to be perceived as procr among crypto fans. But You know, Trump is literally selling access to the highest bidder as we speak. Or that was last night. Sorry. But Yeah, I think the argument that they have made, because at first the Democrats or a lot of Democrats, I think most of them, even the Procr Democrats in the Senate were against the genius Act. And then they made some changes. And so the people who are for it are saying, well, it's some regulation of stable coin is better than no regulation at all. And there's all these consumer protections built in and opponents like Elizabeth Warren are saying not enough protections built in. And also it's not doing anything about Trump and the Trump problem.


I believe the, but the regulations now say that no member of Congress or senior administration official can start a stable coin while in office, which Is, but if you already got one going, right, exactly. Like, come on, what is this Stupid shit? Not a, not a great bill. But I, I would take issue with the premise only in that, at the beginning of Trump's term with some of the cabinet nominees and things like Lake and Riley Act, we were in a political environment where I think a lot of Democrats were like, okay, we gotta work with Trump when we can and oppose him when we must. And I think now, with the exception of the Genius Act, I I don't think many nominees are are getting through the Democratic Senate. Well, the, except, except for some reason Cory Booker voted for Jared Cushman's.


Yeah. That that's the one bring up. Right. Which is a, I mean, he's a, Charles Cushman was a long time donor of Cory Booker. Cory Booker put out a statement right before Charles Kushner's conviction. But it's an unbelievable vote. It's just absolutely an insane thing to do. Cory Booker put out some statement about how the reason he did it is because Charles Kushner helped pass the First Step act when Cory Booker was doing that in the first return. Which is an absurd premise. And I think it was, I understand that people thought at the time that we should work with Trump when we can and oppose him when we should. That was idiocy then. And its idiocy now. Yeah. If there are, like, I, I can, I don't know enough about the, the Genius Act and the stable coins about, and I could buy an argument that some regulations better than none.


But if you're voting, no one who is cast to vote for a single Trump nominee has felt good about that vote afterwards. Yes. How's everyone feel about their 99 fucking votes for Marco Rubio? That's, we had Ben Holland basically saying to Rubio's face this week. Like, I regret, I regret that vote. I do like, and then Rubio's like, that's how I know I'm doing a good job. But, which doesn't Make any sense because were you mad he voted for you when he got the vote. You're just, just, just, just coming up with a fucking little retort fucking Marco Rubio. But the, it does, it did feel like what they were trying to do is the same reason they got such a, they, they were getting behind people like Mattis. 'cause it was this idea like, no, you need responsible people there to hold Trump to his feet to the fire and make sure he, You know, they're serious adults. If he's not there, who's gonna be there in his place? But then that was what Marco Rubio's role, that's what BeIN's supposed to be doing. Right. But they're just not Charles Kushner, what are we doing here?


Yeah. Not a great guy. All right. This is fun. Who were your rankings of most disappointing and surprisingly not disappointing? Trump 2.0 appointees and characters. And then this person said Bergham is kind of wholesome. I think we just named a surprisingly disappointing one that was, which is Marco Rubio. That was the top of my list. Right. He's throwing people in jail for writing op-eds. He's helping and he's proud of it. Lead Deportations to El Salvador like he is. He was the most normy cabinet selection out there. And he is done mo more to erode democratic norms than maybe anyone else. I look, I didn't expect good things from Christine Om, but if you would've told me that within weeks of Donald Trump become president, she would do a fascist photo op in front of prisoners at a Salvador and mega prison to justify illegal extra judicial kidnappings.


That that would've been, I think, surprising to me. Well, It's also very specific. What, so it would've been A one of the poly market. Wow. Whoever predicted that was smart. Quite a wind up on that prediction. I descent too. Yeah. Yeah. I would say, See, I don't know. Has he been a moderating force? Kind of seems like in times on the tariffs. I Don't think he's helped too much. Maybe you, yeah, maybe. I mean, we know what's The difference between a pathetic failed moderating force and someone who's going along with what like a lunik wants. We have idea. Well said, Well said. Tulsi Gabbard, her entire worldview was defined by a Iraq, and now she's firing intelligence analysts who disagree with or who disagree with a political judgment they made about immigration.


Dan, What about you? What do you, what do you got? I Probably would put Marco Rubio's men most disappointing. I didn't have any real hopes for him. I just thought he would be sort of a shuffled off to the side feckless loser the whole time as opposed to like really leaning into being a giant pro-Trump asshole. But that was surprising with Four jobs. Yeah. I mean, I think Bestin, I don't know what hopes I had for him either. He's mostly failed at what he was doing. He like, he's worse at being Gary Cohen than Gary Cohen, which is saying a lot. Yeah. The role he, the role that he had, You know, I would say Doug Bergham, I haven't really thought about him since the day he was confirmed and this question. So that seems like he's at least not doing something terrible. So I should feel good about that. Oh, that's on your, yeah. Okay. That's your surprising. That's My surprising, yeah. I think that I did not expect much from her at all, but Pam Bondi to me is like almost as bad as I imagined Matt Gats being.


Yeah. Like she, and, and when you, whenever if you catch her on tv, she's just like a White House spokesperson. Yeah. Like she's the attorney general empty vessel, but she's just, she's so obsequious in the cabinet meetings and she's just like spitting out talking points and just do, she's just a Donald Trump staffer. That's it. She calls him president. Yeah. Not Mr. Not the Thank you president. The way a child would, You know, who's getting a lot of love and surprising places these days? Oh No. K Patel roll the Clip. Oh wow. Oh, a surprise clip. Wow. Surprise clip. It makes you feel better. I mean, Gorka is not taken seriously by anyone who knows him. I think including his wife. And he's a very, he's a nice person for whatever it's worth.


And I, I think his job literally is just to sit on the internet and like send, You know, fiery replies to people on XI mean, I don't think he actually has a job. Oh, Well then I guess he's the perfect guy for the job Is I assume. Wow. There's someone else working on counter terrorism. That Was a Tell me. Fuck you for making me like Tucker Carlson there. I know That was Tucker talking to a guy named Sean Ryan, who's like kind of a military podcaster guy. Oh yeah. I always See him really shitting on Zeb. So they, is there some sort of zeb Tucker beef? I Remember that there was, so apparently there was a backstory that was too long to include, but Gorka went after Sean Ryan over something and was a real dick about it.


Yeah. They also just think he's a clown and he's like, cosplaying. They're correct. Serious counterterrorism. Sean Ryan's a former Navy Seal turned CIA kind of contractor, dude. Any other pleasant surprises? Surprisingly not disappointed. Anyone other, anyone else? I know we, we, we kind of talked about Cash Patel a little bit. I know. I didn't wanna jinx anything. I don't either, You know. Yeah. Cashs, Dan Bonano. Yeah. Dan Bino and Cash Patel going out there and basically saying that Epstein killed himself. I mean, it's just sort of a strange way to be like, way to go, fellas. But there's a kind of, it was an odd moment of them kind of trying to speak the truth to the base, not clear why they, I mean, clearly they felt so compelled by all the pressure they're under. It tells you something about what their day to day priorities are.


But those guys could be worse. It's Just weird to me. Like right now, af after the shoot, the terrible shooting in DC of those two staffers at the Israeli embassy, like Dan b Gino's Twitter feed is just giving out like good, credible information and very calm. And I'm like, what? I, it, it's weird to me only because K Patel and Dan Bongino seem less crazy than their boss. Yeah. It's not like they're taking a cue from Pam Bondi. Like she's much, it's true. She's much more of like, just a Trump staffer than the, than the, the two of them. And I thought it would've been reversed. Maybe It just raises the question about what the Deep State has on both of them. Oh, there we go, Dan. Exactly. Dan, you Joke, but I listened to two hours of Tucker Carlson talking to that guy Sean Ryan last night, and this was a big chunk of it.


Whoa. Talk about that. Where do you find the time? Two Hours. I did on two x, but I, it was was that's One hour, was it four hour, a four hour podcast you did at two x Or no, it was two to one. Two to one, okay. But you Still did an an hour of Tucker Carlson and Sean Ryan at night with two children who are quite young. I, I listened to half of it this morning. It would look, it was compelling. It was good. I'm gonna a Good idea. I'm gonna step in to save you, Tommy. At nine 30 last night I started the conversation between JD Vance and Ross. Do. That was the annoying conversation. And I listened to that to, to go to sleep. It was so bad. What is Wrong with you? But it did not, it did not help me go to sleep because it got me extremely angry at j Vance. No fucking shit. Like what did you think of just Ross soothing dulcet tones was gonna rock you to sleep like a lullaby.


Supposed to have a guy you try, you're trying to get into a Twitter fight with through every three days. I don't know what the last straw was from Martin Luther to kick off the Reformation, but like I, it kind of be, it has to be a, some, a Catholic conversation. More irritating than that I suppose. I, yeah. Anyway, anyway, we, we won't get, we won't break that down. We won't break that down. All right. New question from Kev. When a democratic president gets back in office, do you think it is their responsibility to strip back some of the presidential powers that have been taken over the past two decades? Or is that not possible with an ever paralyzed and ineffective legislative branch? I had Tommy and Dan both say they wanted to take this one. Oh. My answer is, nope.


Use the power. You have to do stuff that makes people happy. I'm not saying that President Pete should, You know, crushes enemies with DOJ, but we're not going back to normal. Let's do some shit. Except I would, I thought that you were gonna say for war powers. What do you mean? Like, like have Congress actually, Yeah. Like the, the fact that we're still, You know, that the, the presidents are still using the authorization for Afghani interact to just like launch whatever. It would be great If Congress would repeal the A UMF. I'm absolutely for that, but I think just in terms of the leaning on executive action, not waiting for Congress. No, I'm not, we're not gonna let Republicans obstruct us to death ever again. I have a different take on this.


Let's hear it. It I'm not, I'm fine with continuing to have a broad based definition of, of executive power because Congress is paralyzed. I think in 2028, Democrats should run on an agenda that makes the president more accountable for their actions. You should, we should support making the Hatch Act apply to the president. We should have a legal solution for where it sets out where presidents can be prosecuted to sort of hem in the immunity decision. We should pass laws that say presidents can't have meme coins, stable coins. There's like a whole set of things that we should hem that Trump has. Trump has found all these loopholes system, he has exploited them mightily. It is in our interest to be, we're not gonna take ever take advantage of those things.


Hopefully. So we should, we should run to close all those loopholes. I think it should be a big part of our agenda. And I think a president, why about it? Not do it. You should, I think, I think you should do them and not do the meme coin. I think it's not gonna be that hard. Look, I, we're in this sort of vicious circle where it's like heads, we head tails, they win Helix we heads we lose, which is, You know, we abide by all these structures that slow down government restrict the president's ability to operate. Then Republicans come in, they can do whatever the fuck they want. Like we can't, we can't prove to people that government can work effectively and like serve their interest if we're so hemmed in when we finally have power. But at the same time, I do think the presidency has been, has now this sort of symbol of total government failure.


And the only antidote to that is not reforms that make Congress more effective or make the agencies move more quickly, but just to accrue more power to the president. And it's a kind of, it's a tough spot for Democrats to be in, but I think Tommy is right. Like we first and foremost need to prove to people that government can work within the bounds of the law, within the, the structures provided by Congress, but that it can be dynamic and effective and fast moving. And I think for a long time Democrats weren't willing to kind of ruffle feathers, breakthrough walls in a way that prove that to people. And I think that's like the first order priority. Yeah. I'm, I'm being a little bit glib, but, but I do think like, and obviously like I would love to, I would do like common sense ethics reforms, but I do think like Trump with like Doge for example, it was ineffective and stupid, but it made him look like he was active in doing things and actually cutting spending.


And I think we have to figure out our version of something like that. Yeah. That makes us look like we're not just gonna get obstructed. Like do, there needs to be like a little bit of that kind of like fast moving like energy with like, You know, a moral and like ethical and ideological goal. We support, There's somewhere between the lawyers stopping everything from happening and having the judges stop everything you tried to do and Trump. Yeah. We, we've Democrats have erred on the former and Trump has fallen into the ladder. Yeah. I would probably pass legislation or try to pass legislation to Trump proof the bureaucracy and independent agencies just give a little more protection just based on what the courts have ruled so far. You know, the courts have sort of stood up to Trump on some of the deportation stuff, but they are not standing up to Trump on like firing except for the Fed, I guess firing, You know, heads of independent agencies knowing that some of these independent agencies are going to be, You know, like Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.


Right? We want to protect that beyond the next Democratic president. Next time there's Republican. So I would put, I would try to push for reforms there and then I maybe clean up the, the Insurrection Act. The Alien Enemies Act. So make sure that if we get another Republican president, those aren't on the table. Lemme Get rid of that one. You're, you're look overlooking our big win on the P club. What's The P club On the P Club? The president's, the Privacy and Civil Liberties oversight board. Oh, Bunch of, we won on P club. Federal Judge Trump fired two Dems on that board. Federal judge said no, no, no. Who were the devs? Tommy, were they friends of yours? I don't know, man. Friends of your couple, couple CLOs. You know, A big win on the, let's do, should we do a rapid response video on our big wins on the peak club board?


I think Tommy just did Travis LeBla and Edward Felton. I think that's gonna Go viral. Oh, good, Eddie. All right. From Dan Levy, suppose you somehow had the opportunity to interview Trump. How would you approach it? Would you ask tough questions and criticize his record? Or would you try to butter him up and trick him into saying something harmful? IE the quiet part out loud. Oh, Can we, can we, all right. You know what? Honestly, we're gonna have a little, we're gonna have a little ceremony. We're gonna bury that phrase in the grounds. The, there's no more. How is anyone hearing any quiet parts? It's all loud all the time. Didn't have that on my bingo card and bear that one with it. Louder for the people in the back. I would go with some simple question. I think the Christie Nome, what is habeas corpus example? Yeah. Is some kind of how I would go with Trump.


Like, what does, what does the Ammos clause say, sir? And then when he inevitably flips out, I just want one journalist to be like, you're the most powerful man in the world. Your party controls the entire government. Do you ever get bored of bitching and whining so much and just see what he says? That's good. Yeah. I would, I would go him into losing his temper, but I would also make sure that like the, You know, he couldn't leave the interview. Yeah, he Could try, but the doors were all locked. I think you wanted him to, you, you want him to storm off, right? Beijing secret service. No, we're just hanging out. We're just, he's just abiding by the rules. Yeah. But I think that goading him into losing his temper, especially around the jet, the corruption stuff. That's what really gets him. Like, he really flipped out at Peter Alexander.


That's great. This Week. Well he was, that was very, that was a really sort of interesting moment of him just being kind of like, he had just shown his little videos and he was, he wanted questions about the videos. Yes. And Peter went right to the plane. He's like, I just, it it was like a, it was like a show and tell kind of thing. Yeah, It was a, it was a presentation. Dan, what would you do? I would pick one subject and stick to it. I think one of the problems with this is these reporters go in, they feel like they have to ask him every about everything. Like just in the example with the chamber interview where Donald Trump is seeming like a complete lunatic lying or being completely misled about a picture with fake tattoos that he tweeted out of the Oval Office and Tam brand's. Like, I hear you, I hear you. I hear your lies. But I gotta get to Ukraine. I gotta get to Ukraine. I hear the clock. I hear you. So just pick one, one issue, right.


It could be corruption, it could be what's actually in the budget bill. It could be the, his illegal deportation or something. Just pick one thing and stick to it so that you can actually drill down as opposed to trying to cover the waterfront and you're allotted 17 minutes or whatever. It's, I also, one, one just thing I, I think has been effective with him too is sometimes be like, I never said that or I didn't, that's not what I said. If you just have the printout of the, You know, just have the post. Yeah. He fucking hates that. He hates being confronted by his words. Yeah. And if he just have like, it's right here. This is what he said. It's right here. Dan. Is the new media section of the press room actually damaging, or is it just kind of a weird sideshow? It's a weird sideshow. It's serving the purpose that Trump wants, which is to grant access to his biggest fans so that they will cover him even more positively.


Right. It's, it's not changing the world. It's not upending what journalism is or anything like that. It just, it it's access for sycophants with large media platforms and it's working in the way it's intended. Yeah. It's smart. Yeah. Democrats should do the same thing. They absolutely. They, you, you should. Yeah. I look forward to the next Democratic president having a new media section with a whole bunch of people except us four more years probably the way that goes. I was like, DMing might as touch as we can borrow their badge. Fuck. We do know Brian Tyler Cohen. I'm Mask. Yeah. I'm, I'm Ali John Fast plus one.


Can I please, please let me in. All right. Here's a tough one. Are there any conservative commentators that you respect? And who is your least favorite conservative commentator so far in Trump 2.0 And then this person gives us a leading Scott Jennings. Mm. I I suppose this means conservative commentators who are still pro-Trump. I think you have. Yes. Yeah. I don't think we can be like Bill Crystal. Oh yeah. Honestly, I really don't. I don't, I, that's not where I'm at. I like, I really have a great deal of respect for the conservatives that said, no, I think it's a, it's just been, it's just been interesting. I think people's revealed themselves in the last decade about what, what they really believed.


And I really genuinely admire the, the conservatives that walked away, but the ones that are inside defending this, I, I just have no respect for it. There's no, I don't know unless I, maybe there's some that are better than others, but it's hard for me to judge. I mean, we have Fox on all day long and it's just sort of whatever the talking points of the day are, whichever host is on will repeat them. Like in 2018, the claims that there was a white genocide in South Africa and white farmers were being exterminated was cabined off to the Tucker Carlson Hour of Fox News. Yeah. Now that Trump is talking about it, it's on every single show that doofus sports guy will Kane. Like everybody's just repeating that talking point, right. So I have the least respect for those useful idiots.


I don't respect them, but I find it interesting that Laura Loomer, Tucker Carlson, Steve Bannon are all willing to be critical of Trump on certain issues. And at certain points, again, I don't like them. I think they're bad people who do and say terrible things and are dishonest, but they speak truth to power more than like the bozos, You know Laura Ingram? Yeah. Interesting. It's the, it it, it is interesting where there's, there's a lot of people who are for whatever Trump is for because they, they didn't really have that strong of an ideology. They really want power and money, success, whatever it is. So they just go along with what Trump wants. And then there were the people that really did have an ideological agenda they cared about to whom they view Trump as useful. And it's where that pops up.


Like, You know, you have these House Freedom Caucus members. A lot of them went along with this bill, but, but like someone like Thomas Massey is willing to go on the floor and say, this is still a bad bill and you can't convince me otherwise. Like there is, You know, that's speaks to a genuine belief that that person has. I think it's wrong. But Then he voted for it. No, didn't Massey vote out? I they Did, did Thomas I think mass vote? No. Oh, I thought they got all No. Who, who got, who's now? It was two of them. Massey and somebody else. Anyway, sorry. I think Massey was trying to raise money off of saying Oh, that's right. That's right. That's right. Trump went after him. Dan, you said that you respect Scott Jennings. That's who your No guy. Yeah. I think you've misheard me. Yeah, I agree with Lovett. There's none of them that I respect in any way, shape or form. It is interesting, but the people I respect less are the Fox News people and Brett Bearer in particular.


Like the fact that we're in a world where Laura Loomer has more journalistic integrity than Brett Bearer is something that I would hope would keep Brett bearer up at night and is very, very large mansion in Palm Beach. But I suspect it doesn't, It it bre bear, like he really has become like kind of the lead pravda guy at Fox News. He's the house organ. And it's not just that he interviews Trump. He interviews a cabinet official every other night for some sort of gauzy one hour thing. And he, when he went, when went Trump went to the UAE and Qatar, he interviewed the Prime Minister and gave them both kinda like softball hour long, whatever, like specials. Do you think that the, do you think that the reason the the Palm Beach houses of these Fox News anchors keep getting bigger is because they're like the Winchester widow and they need to sleep in a different bed each night to evade the ghosts that haunt them for what they've done and what what from what from which they've reaped their great rewards.


I was thinking that. Yes. This was my first thought this morning. Yeah, you're thinking that. Yeah. What's The Winchester widow? The win the Winchester widow, she inherited the fortune from the Winchester gun company for her husband. And she built this elaborate mansion but never stopped constructing it because she would like to sleep in a different room. 'cause she felt she was haunted by the ghost, so the people killed by the weapons. And so it's this maze like structure Dark. What's the, what's the origin of the story? The Winchester widow. But that's it. What do you mean? I mean, Did someone write it like, oh, I, I don't know. Okay. You mean like, where did I hear from it? Yes. I don't know. I don't know what fucking rattles around.


I I saw I read a book or I saw a TikTok. No, The latter. The latter. Yes. The, the content people come here for. I'm googling it For you. Maybe it's just because I listened to the interview last night. I thought Ra de that did a good job with JD Vance. Did he? Yeah. The daily part. He didn't push back at all. They, it's the problem, Tony. It's like, I, I, first of all, it was a, it was a good lesson doing the interview about the interview. You just did lame. Yeah. We've we've thought a couple times about like, should we talk about the interview after listening to five minutes of the daily doing that? I was like, absolutely not. Why am I listening to this? I should listen to the actual interview between Ross and jd. Vince and Ross Is famously against masturbation too, so, well Yeah. Did the interview John Can't agree with him on everything, You know?


Yeah, no, I respect You're gonna trick yourself off on the daily, like I saying. But he did, You know, he pushed JD Vance on, on immigration and some other like, oh, so you're a Catholic Christian and you believe this and, and JD Vance was fucking sm and awful IJ Ever. I do wanna, I wanna mod, I wanna modulate my joke earlier, which was really just about JD Vance being irritating. Not, I actually want to listen to the conversation. I don't act, I think there's a lot of like knee jerk Ross do that hate in the world that I'm not a participant in. No, I think he, I like him. He's, yeah. And I don't even know if he's like a big, like he's a conservative. That's interesting. 'cause I don't think he's anti-Trump, but I don't think he's pro-Trump either. He's sort of, I don't put him in. I think he's, yeah, no, I think he's an interesting, I I, I actually don't put him in that category at all, But, but Scott Jennings is definitely my least favorite or maybe tied with Bcha Ungar Sargon.


Oh yeah, No, tough One. 'cause she's sort of a new character. This, well They're all coming off that Abbey Phillips evening panel and she's Like, poor Abby. Stop booking 'em. She does. She's doing a good job trying to deal with it. But what's your take on Blue Sky? Can it be good or will it discourse itself to death? This seems so far up your rally, John. Let us know. Oh boy. Are you on there? I I check in once a week. Once a couple times a week just to, it's going like A wellness check, like what's happening like a po whatcha are talking about. So I, Yeah. Otherwise his ankle starts beefing. He's gotta blow into the tube and make sure and otherwise he gets in, gets in trouble. Well here's the thing guys. Some of the people that we like and follow a lot on Twitter are now like mostly posting on Blue Sky.


Chris Hayes is Rachel Maddow. Like they're mostly there. And so I wanna like see what's going on and then every time I go in my mentions there's a lot of people being like, you guys gotta come over to Blue Sky, tell John and Tommy to come over and Dan and what's going on. You know? So I I go over and I'm like, I'm always trying it out. I went, I went yesterday and people are very mad Lovett that you and I are hosting a Jake Tapper Alex. Yeah. I didn't mean to Bring that up book event. Little do they know that Jake might actually come on the pod, but like, so I I sort of tweeted something or posted or skied Ski did something about it. Yes. And then my mentions were really flooded with just, someone told me to throw myself down a mine shaft.


Well that seems like Twitter energy, but It's Twitter. Yeah, totally. Twitter energy. And then, and then they're like, fuck, go back to the Nazi site. You know, so there's a lot of that and then there's a lot of nice people that are like, here's what you need to do. And then someone told me that there is a way to filter out all the mentions from people that you don't follow on there, which you can do on Twitter and prove my Twitter experience. Delete It from your phone. They didn't have it at first in Blue Sky. But now I did that and I think, man, I dunno, maybe I'll give another whirl. I, Sarah Longwell was talking with, they did, they, I was listening to Sarah and Tim and JBL talking on the Bulwark and she was saying how she's been trying to avoid consuming, trying to like not consume as much opinion and more straight facts so that she can know that she's forming her own opinions. And I've just been, I've been feeling just like, I don't know, just the, the relentlessness of Trump, the kind of onslaught of it.


Like I've been feeling my inability to focus getting worse in the last couple weeks. And so I took Twitter off my phone again 'cause I am trying to just like, lemme just read the stories and show up and you know what if I'm like, You know, it was like I just, I don't wanna like run my opinions through the machine as much as I've been doing. So I like took it off my phone for a while, see how that goes. Okay. And Tommy, you're not skeet anytime soon. Never signed up for it. Everything I hear about it makes me feel like that was the right decision. Can I, Can I defend Blue Sky for a sec? Yeah. I just like, like I, I would love an alternative to Twitter, but I just don't wanna deal with like lib on leftist violence all day long. It sounds like that's what it is Here. Here's where Blue Sky I think can be most useful is all of our Twitter feeds everywhere we've followed over the 10 or so years we've been on Twitter is so, such a disaster now that you can kind of start fresh in blue sky.


I don't post there very often, but I do look at it and I basically just only follow reporters. And it is actually a much better way when something happens to just go to your following tab on Blue Sky, which is just all reporters that I followed in the last couple of years here. And you just get people telling you what's happening in the news. It is, that is the closest thing to the Twitter 2011, 2012 experience of it as a in real time news site. Yeah. Just as a general rule, whether it is Twitter, blue sky, don't read your mentions John. It's Like I see. Yeah. Well that was my, I see your mention sometimes 'cause I see your tweets and they're, they're not, they're not, they're, I'll tell you, you're not getting a better experience on X I'll tell you that right now.


Well That's what I'm saying. That's why oddly enough, my experience on X has been better for the last several months than Blue Sky. 'cause you have your blinders on. I I hid the mentions on X. Yeah, You need your, you need your blue sky blinders too. For Sure. For sure. But I also to that point about the news and Sarah's point, I made a list on Twitter that's called just news and it's just following reporters. 'cause I have the same thing. It's like sometimes you just want the latest news and you don't want people's opinions. Do you Have a, do you have a feed on your whatever they call tweet deck now site that's just like people you wanna fight with. It's like Steven Miller, JD Vance, Mark Davis. No I don't, I don't have that Then please don't gimme that idea.


But Pod Save America is brought to you by fast growing trees. We got three fast growing trees in our office right now. They look spectacular. So Great. And you know what? We've had fake trees in the office. There's just no substitute for the real thing. Yesterday they were half and I know that now that I've seen the fast growing trees in the office Yesterday they were waist high today through the roof. These things are growing fast. It's crazy. We got a forever goalie tree. A a Tja Green giant tree and a Mora Deli Cosa Swiss cheese plant. Hmm. Love. It's been trying to eat it. Nice. Yeah, it got me. Did you, did You know fast growing trees? The biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They get all the plants your yard needs like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in. Fast growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast-growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. We love fast growing trees. Have 'em in the office. I got some at home too. So it's always nice to have a plant expert telling you which plants to get and where they should go. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Crooked checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code crooked checkout fast-growing trees.com code crooked. Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Cricut to save today. Offer is valid for limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Rocket Money. Tariffs are trending, but what does that actually mean for your wallet? Probably nothing good with all the tariff headlines lately. You might be wondering how does this affect my day to day? Higher tariffs can mean higher prices on goods from groceries to gadgets. Let Rocket Money help you stay one step ahead and keep more money in your pocket. Uhoh Rocket Money is gonna end up in a Truth social post. Yeah, if it keeps talking about how tariffs are gonna lead to higher prices. Big problems. Big problems. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. See your monthly spending trends in each category to know exactly where your money is going. Get alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity. Or if you are close to going over budget, Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. The new goals feature automatically saves money for you so you don't have to think about it. Help pay off bills, put away money for a house, or just build your savings. Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's Premium features. We've all used Rocket Money here to cancel some subscriptions. Sometimes you gotta use it a couple times just to make sure that you're not letting those subscriptions piled up without knowing it. Cancel your Unwatched subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter our show name Pod Save America in the survey so they know we sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


Alright, another question. I can't figure out how to use AI in my day to day. I don't wanna fall behind, but I just can't find a good use for it. Do you guys use it? Any tips on how it's useful or how I can get started? It's just a much better Google search. Google's terrible now. It's been ruined and, and I don't know whether it's perplexity or chat GPT or whatever. Pick your poison. Claude Llama. It's hard to keep. It's really hard to keep 'em all straight. Yeah. Porcupine like whatever the fuck these things are, like they're all just better. Hedgehog Hedgehog Hog Wild. Yeah, hog wild. It's a different side. Hog Is a different site You can draw. Funny picture. I tried to make an only Dan's logo. I'll see if I can pull it up here. It wasn't that good.


So the visual part is not there yet. Only dance. I like it. I'll show you. I do it Google. I use it as Google as a better Google. Yeah. I I'm, I'm like really kind of viewing it as more like of a novelty that I'm experimenting with and throwing things in there to see what comes out. I don't use it as a Google that often. What I I I find it useful to me in moments where I'm stuck. Like if you're just stuck, like trying to figure something out, it'll like break out of it. Like, wow, that is a, that is a Why Is that Dan? That like, Dan crossed with Scott Jennings. It's really Strange. It's ai. Yeah. No, we, we, yeah.


No, no, we got that. It was AI for sure. That's a conversation we're having. But the, Well, that's why it doesn't look Like him. Yeah, it doesn't look like him yet, but it, it, well, and so like, there was a couple days ago I was like trying to write a description of something and it was a tough thing to hit the tone right. And I was just like, struggling and so I just said like, Hey, help me, help me come up with a sentence or two to help describe this. And it's for a, it's for an upcoming series we're gonna do. And I didn't use basically any of it, but it gave me like one sentence that was like smarter than what I had come up with myself, to be honest. And I was like, oh, that works. Lemme take that. And then I can write something to it to, to to, to figure it out. It like kind of, I think it's like a, it's a block obliteration, You know? It'll just like throw, it'll, it, it's relentless. So you can just get a bunch of ideas and maybe you grab one and then you can keep working, keep writing, think of something.


But other than that, I haven't yet really cracked. Why? It's, I mean, I, I dunno, maybe it's helping people move Faster, but I use it all day every day. Really? I use, I use it. What's your, what's You prefer? I use, I use it as a, as like for Google, I don't, I never Google anything anymore. I will ask it like very specific questions to find answers to. Yeah. I use it, I will use it to synthesize data. Like I will upload a large poll and ask it for a set of findings to answer certain questions or test the premise. I will use it. I never use it for writing per se, but I will use it the same way you do Lovett, which is like, I am stuck. I'm trying to write something and I'm, it's like you've used the same descriptive word like three times and you're trying to, like, what's another way to say this?


I use that. I will, I will upload a, a full message box and I will ask for 10 title suggestions and almost never do I end up using the ones they actually have. But it always helps me like figure, figure it out. Yeah. I use it for, I use it for a lot of research and to, and, and like really synthesize like large data sets into like, easily understandable things. And you can use it to make, I have, I'm not very good at this, but to use it to make charts and graphics. The part that I find troubling about it still is like, I, like you, let's say ask it a question about the news and, and most of the time it's giving you a useful synthesis of various articles and that's great. But it's trained on certain data sets.


And one of them is that Joe Biden was, a lot of what it was trained on was a time when Joe Biden was president. And so you'll ask it a question and you'll be like, wait a second, this answer still thinks Joe Biden is president. And so like, oh wow. It's really, if you were working with someone day to day and it was Mike Donald and it was Mike Donald, it was, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry I'm using Mike Donald, 4.7. But if you were working with somebody and they were really, really smart, but every once in a while thought it was 1997, you'd be like, oh, you, I can't trust you. Yeah. You know, so that's what makes, makes me nervous about, I make Double check. Its work. I make it double check. Its work me All the time. Are you sure this correct? Yeah. It's So, it's so obnoxious. It's gonna hate me. Hey, I'm about to say this on a podcast.


Are you sure? I saw something that really kind of like was I, I I tried it and it was, it was interesting. I got, again, this is just like just coming up with questions to ask to kind of learn about it. But it said you don't just ask it a question. You say assemble a group of experts to help me answer this question. Assemble a marketing person, a political person, a strategist, an expert on YouTube. Have them meet and discuss this question and decide on an answer together. And then, and show me what they did. And like, they have a meeting and then you like reply and you say, do You give 'em a lunch break? What? You reply and you say, alright, this is a great first draft, but remember this whole team gets fired if it's not perfect. Oh. And they're like, alright, back to the drawing board, everybody, Here we go. Here we go. We got a really pull Off a great meeting. Wow.


You're really, you're into it. I'm Taskmaster. I also use it for recipes all the time. Mm. Like, I wanna make this 'cause it's very like, what it allows you to do is like, well, I don't have this, and then I'll give you a new version with the things smart have. That's good. You can, I've, I've read You can do. So I've never done it. You can take a picture of your fridge, upload the Chet GBT and it'll offer things based on what's in your fridge, what you can cook. Whoa. I've never done it, but I've, I've read that. That's something you can do. Cool. Creepy though. All right. Next question. Tommy and John, any comments on the Celtics demise? Dan, any comments on the 76 ERs? Whatever is going on with them? I only caught, let's see, the, the first game where we blew a 20 point lead and then I, I zoomed in right before Jason Tatum got hurt.


That was it. That's all I had for the Celtics. Yeah. So our best player is out for at least a year. I mean, it's an Achilles. So like why you wouldn't bring him back At this point, our two best players both got super max contracts. We're about Dan, do you understand the NBA salary cap? I don't. There's something called the second apron. It is. We apparently above that and there's a bunch of restrictions. Yes. If You So we have to unravel the two. You Have to get, you have to get below the second apron because if you're on the second apron, two years in a row, in addition to having a giant half billion dollar tax payment, you also have real restrictions about how what players you can sign, how you can use your various caps, slots. And, and so they have to get below because they have to trade some of the members on the team, most likely True holiday.


Or Chris, Chris Dingus who's At the Yeah, he's at the, he also had a weird health thing. So we're fucked. We're at the end of this little run. I don't think DraftKings or FanDuel, whoever liked me make this bet right now. But I would put a hundred dollars down right now that the Celtic Celtics will win the 2026 NBA draft lottery. Oh, 'cause you think it's rigged? Yeah, for sure. Okay. Yeah. Like Dallas Maybe it's, maybe it's rigged by God. That's possible. It's not. But every time that something like this happens, this is how the Spurs got Tim Duncan. It's how the Mads got Cooper flag. It's how miraculously the six weeks after Anthony Davis left New Orleans, they, they got Zion Williamson. So this would be my, this is a bet I would be willing to make.


It's interesting 'cause I, it would make sense to me that the same God rigging a draft for the Celtics would be the one that made Donald Trump president. That's true. That's a Good point. It's a solid part. Tough, tough to fair. Sorry. Boston From cats and Catsy and cats. Anyway. Cats and cats. Cats and cats. Cats and cats. Is there anyone in the cricket office who beats fabs for screen time? Is there a dark horse we're unaware of? Probably. I got some. It's salt. It's Elijah, right? It's Elijah, it's Austin. I believe it is. Two of the other hosts of this podcast. The only one who's, who gets off here is Lovett. Yeah, that's Right. Thank you stuff here in all kinds of places.


Dan, I I'm guessing Dan, because I am on text chains with Dan so often that I know he must be looking at screens and Tommy is just, just as bad as me. I just described about his Tucker Carlson interview at in the evening was dark, was deep research. It was deep research. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But Cha Pi, Do you wanna defend yourself, Dan? Are you I, I'm, I'm online way too much. There's no question about that. The difference is you're just now become such a poster. It's, we always know when you're online, you're always posting. Always be posting. Yeah. Always be posting. This is from Lovett always cracks me up. Oh my gosh, what a surprise.


That Lovett chose this question. I like the question. I like the question. Yeah, no, I know. What are your favorite RPGs of all time? Thank you. Lovett. Cracks me up. All right. Here's my list. This is the only notes I took for this whole soul record. You hung, you hung, you hung back for the rest. Yeah. Bloodborne. Bloodborne. I did Demon Souls, dark Souls Three Elden Ring. Those are all part of the kind of from Software universe. I love Skyrim. I love Fallout. Some of those games. Dishonor is not technically an RPG, I think it's RPG adjacent. But I really like the world building. Da DSX Human revolution was a great game. Diablo three, Diablo four are on the list. But I do think those games are basically a kind of drug and are dangerous.


They're dangerous. They grab you. Oh, they don't let you go. They're kind of, they hook you. Mm. With the serotonin loop. Not an RPG, but Sub Nica is a great game. That's about building up your abilities. It has some like RPG vibes, even though it's obviously not an RRP G. And then I am very excited to play Balder's Gate three and Disco Lium. Wow. I used to like RPGs when I was a Nintendo kid. And then I liked your final, your final Fantasy, your Chrono triggers. Oh, okay. Old school. Yeah. That's, that was legitimate. And then I stopped, then I stopped in college. I played, I played Skyrim and Fallout in, in an earlier few period in my life. Wow. That's great Dan. I like those games. I really got into Skyrim Last question based on the internet debate of could 100 men kill a gorilla without weapons?


Crooked has about a hundred employees. Could the crooked staff kill a gorilla? Yeah. It's Not in a million years. Oh, Here's the thing. Nor Fucking place, nor they, Here's the thing. I look, I, yeah, I love our, here's the thing. Crooked, I, this, what I'm about to say is gonna just, you're gonna have to bear with what I'm gonna say. So This is the one you didn't prepare for, But request of the question I love, I love, I love how many different parts of the Pride flag are represented at this company. Oh my gosh. But I do think it puts us at a disadvantage against the gorilla. I'm sorry. You know that, You know the, I just think that like, we gotta put a lot of our He hims at the front and some of our, and a lot of our just, we gotta get those.


He HIMSS up ahead. Sorry, we're sending in the He Hys and the, and the she hers and the Dave thems we're gonna hang back. And then, You know what? I wouldn't put too much stock in the he hys As, as one of them. I Don't Think I would, well my actual view on the defeating of the gorilla is it's actually not about whether the gorilla loses, the gorilla will lose. It's about whether you are one of the first five to 10 humans to go into that fight. Mm. Because a couple people are going down and they're going down hard. A gorilla can lift like 2000 pounds. Gorillas are strong, but a hundred of us, we are gonna beat the gorilla. But we're just gonna take some pretty heavy losses early on. That's a problem. That's what's gonna happen. I'm sorry to say arms are gonna be ripped off, faces torn apart.


It's gonna be a ugly battle. But we're gonna tire that gorilla out. Alright. We're gonna be able to coordinate using what language. If I Had a, if I had a hundred Aaron Donalds and the first 50 were ready to die, maybe, but like I think you would need A hundred Aaron Donalds to beat one gorilla. I Think you'd have to send waves of 10 to gang up on it. And why wouldn't you Send all 100 at a time? Because you can't, there's not that much surface Area. Yeah. Oh, well I, yeah, I think, I think you definitely need at least 10 to move in at once. But I just think then the grill is going down. It's luck of the drop. Who Are we sending first to the gorilla? What? Who are We sending at least? Yeah, Carol's Good. Get some, I think Ben Heco could fuck up that girl. Yeah, Well he does a impression. Yeah.


Is He here? Who's not here? Who's, we'll send them, I gotta follow up from Lovett. Actually, no, sorry. This is from the Lovett show on Earth. What if it was 100 gorilla sized ducks? A hundred gorilla sized ducks? Well, the thing is a hundred gorillas size. Oh my God. That's a, that's Duck's duck. That's a big, that's a scary, that's A lot of them too. Yeah, we're fucked. We're fucked. And that's I Think hard because I think you Could beat the ducks. I don't think you could beat a hundred duck sized gorillas though. A hundred ducks. It's like, it's like Ant Man sort of. I think so. Would they have they Have? Oh yeah. Is it one person versus a hundred Gorilla Ducks? Or Is it the whole, is it each staff get a duck sized gorilla?


I Don't know. That's actually the Christmas present. That's the holiday present this Year. Yeah. I'll tell you either way we're gonna hear about it from the union. It's gonna be a tough one. It's not in the job description. That would be a tough ask. The the CBA specifies. Yeah. They are not supposed to go first. There's no combat. Yeah. Senior, senior staff going after the Gorilla First. I, there's from senior staff was in the first wave going out the gorilla. Lot of no senior producers going in first. All right. Thank you for your questions everyone. Scab Girlilla. Big thanks to all of our friends of the pod subscribers for sending in questions. We'll be back with the regular episode on Friday. Don't forget, you can subscribe at crook.com/friends to unlock a ton of great perks, including subscription only shows like Polar Coaster with Dan Pfeiffer.


Add free episodes of Pod Save America Pod, save the World Lovett, or leave it and Offline. To get started and learn more. Head to crook.com/friends. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America, add free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts. Consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin.


Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah KH Haley Jones, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobell, Lobel, Kiel Aviv and David Tolles. Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


At Danner, we believe if your boots could talk, they'd have a lot to say. Wherever you've been, these boots have gone to double shifts on gravel miles of elevation gain through over time years of service. Your soles may wear out. A stitch might tear, leather, might scuff. That's why we offer our recrafting service because if your boots bear the danner mark, they'd say, make us new again. LA us. Back up. Let's keep going. Find Boots built to go there@danner.com.