
The world is brought to you by Sundays. Sundays is a fresh dog, food made from a short list of human grade ingredients. Sundays was co-founded by Dr. Tory Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe. Sundays contains 90% meat, 10% superfoods, and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. Dog parents report noticeable health improvements in their pups, including softer fur, fresher breath, better poops, and more energy after switching to Sundays. Here's how I've known for years that Luca, my dog loves Sundays. John Favreau, you guys might have heard of him. He and Emily feed their dog Leo Sundays and have for years and years and years long before they were a sponsor. And so whenever we go to the Favres House, Luca literally sprints as fast as she can into their home directly for the dog bowl, because she wants to steal Leo's Sunday. So that's how you know it's good. Unlike other fresh dog foods, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation because of their air drying process. You just pour and serve. When you start a Sunday subscription, you'll automatically get 20% off in free shipping on every reorder, cancel, or pause your subscription anytime With our 100% satisfaction guarantee, every order ships right to your door. So you'll never worry about running out of dog food again. And it's super easy to store. And then serve it to your pup. Get 40% off your first order of Sundays, go do Sundays for dogs.com/world, or use Code World at checkout. That's Sundays for dogs.com/world Code World.


Hey guys, it's Tommy Vitor. By now, you've probably all seen footage of the disastrous meeting between Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky Friday. They were supposed to do a quick pool spray, which is when the press comes in, shots a question and leaves, and then have a meeting about rare earth minerals, hold a press conference, and then figure out the future of the US Ukrainian relationship. But instead, Trump and JD Vance erupted on Zelensky. They ended up throwing the Ukrainian delegation out of the White House, and it was truly a meeting unlike anything I've ever seen before. So what you're about to hear is a quick reaction episode that Ben Rhodes and I recorded for Pod Save of the World. We'll be covering this again next week off on Wednesday. Subscribe to Pod Save the World wherever you get your podcast or on YouTube.


And here is that episode. Welcome back to Pods Save of the World. I'm Tommy Vitor. I'm Ben Rhodes. We are doing a little YouTube exclusive episode today based off of President Zelensky meeting with Donald Trump. Just now. We are gonna plan to do this regardless, but Ben, I didn't expect it to be the worst, the worst meeting ever in the Oval Office. I'm trying to think of a a an example of a meeting that went worse. I mean, there was the infamous ing Netanyahu Obama meeting that you and I were both in the room for, but it was nothing even close to what Just happened. Not even close. Yeah, I, this is unlike anything that has taken place in my entire lifetime. And, you know, I'd have to mind my brain.


I mean, I, I assume there were some tough meetings, you know, in the Civil War, but yeah, never, never, we've never seen anything like it, never seen Anything like it. Okay, well, we'll cut to the chase and start to play you some of that. We have a very long clip, and we're gonna play some excerpts, pause and talk about 'em and play some more, because I honestly, it was just impossible to cut it down. It was that much of a fucking train wreck. So, with that, here is a clip from Zelensky in Trump's meeting in the Oval Office today, Friday, February 28th. He broken this cease fire. He killed our people and he didn't exchange prisoners. We signed the exchange of prisoners, but he didn't do it.


What kind of diplomacy jd, you are speaking about? What, what you, what you, what do you mean? I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes. But if you, Mr. President, Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now. You guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the president for fraud to bring it into this conflict. Have you been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have? I have been to, they come once. I have actually, I've actually watched and seen the stories, and I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour. Mr. President, Pause there.


Okay. Stop. Yeah. Okay. Stop. This is the worst. Okay. Stop episode in history. So what you can hear there is Zelensky does this windup where he is talking about how you, we can't trust Putin to implement a ceasefire because he breaks every agreement he is ever signed. And actually, I was just watching Mike Pompeo on Fox News talking about how the United States pulled out of all these arms control agreements during the first Trump administration because Trump, because Putin was breaking the terms of the deal. But, you know, I, it, it was hard to tell exactly what kind of sets the meeting off here, Ben, but I do think JD Vance is kind of the chief arsonist because Zelensky pretty quickly calls him out and is like, okay, you seem to know a lot about my country. Have you ever been there? And obviously, obviously JD Vance has not, and he flips out about it and just, I guess says that any visit to Ukraine is a propaganda tour now.


Yeah. Two things stand out to me about this. First, just so people know what Zelensky is talking about. He's talking about the Minsk agreement that was reached in the late Obama administration to essentially freeze the conflict and have some kind of process whereby the Ukrainians had autonomous regions in these places where the Russians had invaded in Eastern Ukraine. And what he's saying is, Putin broke the cease fight the last time someone tried to do what Trump's doing. You know, Putin is the one that violated the agreement and rein invaded the country and, and dramatically escalated. And, and that's just a fact. It's not an opinion, you know, so this is gonna be a reoccurring theme here that Zelensky iss saying facts and JD Vance and Trump are just basically offering Kremlin talking points and response.


And then tell me, I, I said this to you, but for JD Vance to refer to visits that people make to Ukraine, as propaganda tours was one of the most triggering things in many that were said today. Because what people do when they go to Ukraine is they, they often visit Bucha, for instance, where there were, were crimes committed where innocent civilians were massacred where children were killed. And to call that a propaganda tour is so beyond the pale. It's essentially him calling the truth propaganda. When people go to Ukraine, what they see is the reality of a country that's been invaded and bombarded and had tens of thousands of children kidnapped and tens of thousands of people killed.


And JD Vance calls that the propaganda, and it's, it's up is down. It's, you know, black is white. It's just 180 degrees wrong. And I agree with you, Tommy, it, it felt like JD Vance was setting a trap like he was getting, trying to provoke Zelensky to say something that would piss off Trump. Yeah. Which is a pretty fucking dark role for him to be playing. But Just to be clear, the, this meeting was ostensibly about signing some sort of deal between the US and Ukrainians about rare earth minerals. In reality, it seems like it was a setup to get to exactly this moment. So JD Vance and Donald Trump could harangue zelensky in front of the cameras and show what a tough guy they are. And, you know, you know, beat their chest on Fox News later.


But Ben, I'm glad you mentioned Bucha, because you know, that's another triggering thing for me, because you often hear these same conservatives, well, actually Democrats too talk about how there were some early peace talks between the Ukrainians and the Russians, but they blew up and they often blame Zelensky for pulling out of those talks. In fact, those talks blew up because the atrocities that occurred at Bucha were revealed. And it became impossible for anyone in Ukraine to imagine cutting a deal with Putin and the Russians in that moment. Yeah. And, and, and this, this context was entirely missing. They seemed to be offended by Zelensky pointing out that his country was invaded by Putin.


That that seemed to offend Trump and JD Vance. And, and I think another piece of context here, Tommy, is Zelensky is, is a profoundly exhausted person, you know, and You can see it on his face. Yeah. You can see it on his face. I've heard this from some Europeans. Like he, you know, thi this, this guy probably barely sleeps at night. He has been besieged by the Trump administration bullied into trying to sign this absurd deal for critical minerals. And he flies to Washington because he feels this thing slipping away from him. This thing being us support as kind of a hail Mary. And then he sits down and they bring the cameras in, and he just starts getting insulted to his face by people who can demonstrate no degree of empathy.


I mean, like, they don't even, not even a perfunctory, you know, tribute to what the people of Ukraine have done. And he, and, and they insulted not just zelensky, this is important. They insulted the Ukrainian people. He, he said, the only people you can get to fight are conscripts that you force to the front line. So that's insulting the troops. That's insulting the Ukrainians that have been fighting and saying they don't wanna be there. They're only there. 'cause Zelensky made them go there when in fact, Putin is the one that conscripts people. Putin is the one that did the mobilization. And so I, we can talk later about whether Zelensky aired tactically here, but I'm, I have a great deal, deal of empathy for what he had to go through. Yeah. I mean, look, you're, you're Trump being offended by reality and people insulting Zelensky is gonna be a theme of this thing.


The press court even gets in on the action. But, we'll, we'll get to that in a minute, but let's keep rolling that clip. Do you Disagree that you've had problems? What? Bringing people into your military, we have problems. And do you think that it's respectful? I'll answer to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to, trying to prevent the destruction of your country? A Lot of, a lot of questions. Let's start from the beginning. Sure. First of all, during the war, everybody has problems. Even you, but you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you'll feel it in the future. God Bless. You don't know that God bless You. God bless. You'll not have war. Don't tell us what we're gonna feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we are gonna feel. I'm not Telling you I'm twist because you're in no position to dictate That.


Remember this, I'm not, you're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel. You, we are gonna feel very good. You'll Feel influenced. We are gonna feel very and very strong. You'll Feel influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position. And it happens to be right about From the very beginning of the war. You're not in a good position, was you don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards. I'm not playing cards right now. You don't, you playing cards, Mr. You're playing cards serious. You're gambling with lives. Millions of people. You think you are gambling with World War ii. What you, you're gambling with, with World Wari. And what you're doing is very dis disrespectful to the country, this country.


I'm respect to respect far more than a lot of people said respect they should have. Have You said thank you once this entire meeting lot? No. In this entire meeting have you said thank you today? You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October, offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America. Okay. And the president, JD Vance just gave up the whole game. There they are offended by a a a a campaign period visit by Zelensky to Pennsylvania where it, which was perceived as an endorsement or support for Joe Biden. Geez, Ben. I wonder why Zelensky might have thought he'd be better off if Joe Biden was president or Kamala Harris was president and not Donald Trump as he's lecturing him in the Oval Office about how he's gambling and about to start World War iii.


Yeah, there's a lot in that one too, Tommy. I mean, first of all, boy, to say that Zelensky is the one that's gambling with World War III when Putin is the one that invaded the country. I mean, the Ukrainians didn't want, they don't wanna be in this war. And that's what, and Trump is pulling out support for nato, which has prevented World War iii. Yeah, yeah. Like what's so fucking bonkers about this is like the, the, all the things that Trump and advance say presuppose that Zelensky somehow wants this war and won this war when he was just invaded by Russia. They're the ones that raised the risks of World War iii. Then to hear them lecture him about needing to thank Mr. Trump. You know, first of all, Zelensky always thanks the United States repeatedly.


He's done it, by the way, since Trump has been president, expressed gratitude for the support the United States supplies. Even though, by the way, Donald Trump is not the one that provided that support. It was Joe Biden in the United States Congress, bipartisan on a bipartisan basis. But they want zelensky to behave like, you know, a Trump staffer there. Thank you Mr. Trump for being such a great president. And they don't do this to other leaders. You know, they don't Hector other leaders like this in the Oval Office. They, you know, they, they, they, they, they're picking on him. They're like schoolyard bullies, picking on a small injured person to impress their friends. And it's like Three on one, you can hear all of them like chatting him, being like, yes, you were mean. Yes. You did say that. It literally sounds like a school yard taunting.


And like, and, And he didn't insult. When did he insult? Did you hear, do you know what they're referring? Because he shouldn't insult the us He just explained facts. Facts are insulting to Trump is mad. It's earlier on in this Oval Office meeting. 'cause this was a very, very long pool spray. And just like to give folks a little context, what usually happens is the two leaders go into the Oval Office, they sit down, you bring the pool, the White House press pool in for like a minute or two, sometimes there's a shout of question. They take photos and then they get them the hell out of there. They have the real meeting. There was supposed to be a lunch, and then there was supposed to be a press conference. Trump has started doing this thing where he takes like 45 minutes worth of questions during the pool spray. And then they do the press conference. Just 'cause he needs to be on TV all the time. So what what you didn't hear that happened earlier was, you know, Trump's entire shtick about Ukraine is the war never would've happened if he was president.


But Zelensky, when he was walking through all the times, the Russians broke ceasefire agreements, talks about how the Russians were occupying Ukraine throughout the duration of the Trump presidency. And people were getting killed during the Trump presidency. And Trump really didn't like that. 'cause it undercut his whole fucking argument that none of this would've happened if I were in charge. 'cause he acts like he wasn't actually the president for four years and isn't responsible for anything. Yeah. And, and he needs everything to be about himself and not about like, the reality of what is happening in the world, particularly a reality that is counter to his narrative and inconvenient to him in any way, shape, or form. And, and Zelensky is this guy who's only trying to share facts, you know?


And each time he does, they act as if he has personally offended them and come down even harder on the guy. And, and it, by this point in the clip, they're just picking on him. Like, and, and, and, and to say that because, you know, he's not kissing Trump's ass, he's insulting the whole country. Just shows you what Donald Trump's view of this country is that, that he is the only thing that matters. He the leader, you know, he fuer is the only guy. He's the symbol of the nation or something. It, it's, it's absolutely grotesque. And what we can see here is like little Marco Rubio on the couch, like shrinking deeper and deeper into his, you know, seat JD Vance is like sitting on the edge of his seat.


He's the happiest little boy in, in town because he was allowed to go to the big boy meeting and say something. And Marco Rubio, every photo of Marco Rubio that I've seen in the context of these, these Russia, Ukraine talks, he looks like his soul is, is drifting out of his body in that moment. He looks like he's dead inside. He knows what is happening is so profoundly wrong, but he just sits there fucking silently and then afterwards tweets an attaboy at the boss. And look, there's all these reports that Rubio is like the Secretary of State in name only, and actually has a bunch of little kind of Naga supplicants who, who work for him on the org chart, but are actually running the show over at State. So who knows? Yeah. Well Let's listen to the rest of this clip.


Who's trying to save your country? It's gonna be a very hard thing to do business like this. I tell you, You say thank you. I said a lot of accept that there, accept to American people accept that there are disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media when you're wrong. We know that you're wrong. But you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on. I understand, sir. I think it's very important. That's why I kept this going so long. Trump ends the, ends the meeting later and says, this is gonna be great television. So again, giving up the game, this is all about politics for them. They don't care about Ukraine, they don't actually care about anything.


Zelensky said, this is just domestic politics. Yeah. And they're just, you know, like, what is he wrong about, you know, like, like nothing that Zelensky said, we can, again, we'll talk later about like what his tactical decision making was, but like nothing he said was wrong. And J JD Vance doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about. He's not some, like, some expert on like Ukraine and Russia. He's just some guy who listened to some podcasts Yeah. And, and tries to put back Nothing Wrong with that. Yeah, yeah. Nothing wrong with that. Sorry about that. All of you people could Secretary Of State, this is YouTube. This is YouTube. Yeah, exactly. This Is YouTube.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place. All in your terms. Introducing Design Intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Start a fully custom on brandand website with squarespace's latest AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint ai. After a few questions, our interactive design system transforms basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence with curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Upload video content, organize your video library and showcase your content on beautiful video pages. You can even sell access to your video library by adding a paywall to your content. Can you make us a website without Squarespace? I feel like it's like the only thing I've heard of. Yeah, I don't know what else you would do. Why would you even bother Draw a picture, show it to people on the street. Just To print out hard paper. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash world to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash World


Pot Save of the World is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, you forget about it after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. You can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. See your monthly spending trends in each category to know exactly where your money is going. Get alerts. If bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity. Or if you're close to going over budget, the new goals feature automatically saves money for you. So you don't have to think about it. Pay off credit card debt, put away money for a house, or just build your savings. Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money is over 5 million users and save a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to 740 bucks a year when using all of the app's premium features. Rocket Money is what we all wish Elon Musk and the Doge guys were doing. You know what I mean? Actually cutting spending in a smart, thoughtful way. Not rampaging through the US government. I've saved money with Rocket Money Bent Roads to save money with Rocket Money. It's a great service. Give it a shot. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/world Go today. That's rocket money.com/world rocket money.com/world


patte.


The world is brought to you by Simply Safe Every 26 seconds, a burglary takes place in the US according to FBI data. That means by the time this podcast ends, dozens of homes will be targeted. Protect your home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps stop threats before they even have a chance to break in. We love SimpliSafe. Probably Love it even more now that the entire FBI is being politicized and we can't count on the justice system to protect us At all. Yeah, that's right. But John, Love it. Sew up himself. I did. And had great sensors. Yeah. Turned it on and off of his phone. That's Right. You use the app. The app is great. It's great to have an alarm system. It's great peace of mind. It's simply safe as easy to set up. And once you set up it's completely reliable. Customer Service works. The app works. Highly recommend it. Cash Patel not involved, not involved. Traditional Security systems only take action after someone has already broken in and that's too late. Simply safes active guard Outdoor Protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around and acting suspiciously those agency and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably around a dollar a day. There's a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Simply Safe is named Best Home Security System by US News and World Report. Five years in a row, dollar a day. Keep yourself safe. Come on. That's nothing. Visit simplisafe.com/crooked world to claim 50% off a new system with professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked world. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


It's worth noting like the, the meeting didn't start terribly again. Like we said, there was like a 30 minute pool spray. There was actually some like, kind of chummy moments. Let's just play a quick clip of that. 'cause Europe really helped. President Trump said that they made less support, but they have our friends and they our very supportive partners. They really gave a lot in spread. Really? They did. They gave a lot. But they gave much less. No, much less. No. At least no. No. Okay. So right there, you know, Zelensky is talking about contributions from the Europeans to Ukraine.


This is like the third time in a week that Trump has been corrected in the Oval Office about the European contribution to the Ukrainian side. Remember in the, in the meeting with French president, Amman, Macron. Macron like grabs his arm and is like, actually no, 60% of what we gave them was a grant, not alone. Kiir Starmer made the same point yesterday, I believe Thursday and then Zelensky today. But you know, there, there it was kinda like, look, Zelensky had a look on his face where as you said Ben, he looked exhausted by the end of this conversation. He looks like he wants to cry. But it didn't start terribly like things just escalated and got worse and worse. Yeah. But it felt like that, that that JD Vance and Trump wanted some version of this outcome for sure.


They didn't wanna go exactly like this, but they wanted to smack him around and say he was un say he was ungrateful and tell him to thank Mr. Trump. And, and again, what I find so in appalling about it, but it's interesting we have to understand this, is that, you know, Trump's, you know, the headline in foreign policy is he's completely switched sides. And it's now the US and Russia against Europe and Ukraine, the US wanting to be in this alignment with big autocratic countries, Russia, China, the Gulf, et cetera. But it also mirrors Tommy like what Trump does at home. Like he doesn't really pick on people's own size. You know, it's, it's, it's in undocumented people, it's trans people. You know, it's a country that's been invaded like Ukraine.


It's people in Gaza that he's dunking on and posting, you know, weird videos about, you know, the Riviera of that. He's gonna build like this guy is not tough. Tough people like would pick on Putin tough. People would like not be terrified of Putin and beating the shit outta Zelensky on television and then telling him it's his fault. And guess who sees that? The world sees that. Like Maga base will, you know, be like, oh this is great. Look at Trump. Own, own the Libs. 'cause they think Zelensky, I mean your point about Pennsylvania, it's not just that it's, you gave up the game on that, but they also equate like Ukraine with kind of libs or something, you know, like, which is super weird by the way because it used to be the opposite that like Yeah.


Then Obama was weak 'cause he didn't give enough support to Ukrainians. Yeah, Obama, that Obama was the talking point for Obama. Yeah, yeah. Now Obama looks like, you know, much different light compared to Trump. But I mean it, these, the rest of the world doesn't live in the MAGA verse. You know, the rest of the world lives in reality and they're just seeing like a bully picking on someone smaller to make himself look Tough. Yeah. So again, this was supposed to be the pool spray before the lunch meeting, before the press conference. The Trump people ended up canceling the rest of the itinerary. And you know, the, according to the readouts they're giving to Fox News or whoever else, it sounds like the Rubio and Mike Waltz basically kicked Zelensky out of the White House and said, come back when you're ready to cut a peace deal.


They were supposed to sign some sort of rare earth's agreement. This, the, the text of this agreement has evolved so much over time. Like initially it was reported as just like a extortion, the US demanding half of Ukraine's rare earth's or up to $500 billion worth of rare earths. Now it seemed like there would just be some sort of joint effort to mine these rare earths and put it into a fund that would then be used for Ukrainian reconstruction. But the US would have some sort of oversight over it and maybe get some of the profits. I don't know. I'm not sure that we'll ever know. Kaitlyn Collins from CNN asked a very smart question during this press conference, which is that something like 40% of Ukraine's rare earths are in the Far East.


So in Russian occupied areas, she was like, are are you gonna be able to get access to those who will protect those? There's been a lot of reporting today about how, you know, the sort of mining process for these rare earth elements is unbelievably energy and labor intensive and incredibly dirty. And setting up, you know, a giant lithium mine, for example, can take a decade. So the idea that this is some sort of immediate US Ukrainian cooperation on the ground that serves as a defacto deterrent from the Russians invading is just like sort of nonsensical on its face if you actually understand the details. But Ben, I don't know that we'll ever need to know the details of this one. 'cause it doesn't seem like it's happening. Yeah, I mean the whole purpose of this was to again, further make Trump look tough.


Like he got Ukraine to bend to his will and give us access to these rare earth materials that, as you said, take, you know, these would not be mined in Trump's presidency. And if and when they are, I, so what, what is it, what on earth does this have to do with ending the war? It has nothing to do with ending the war. It's not a security guarantee to Ukraine to say that. Like there might be some joint ventures down the line to get some rare earth materials that Trump probably doesn't even know what they do. You know? I mean, so this always felt like this kind of weird facade. And I do just, you know, to put a point on it, like Waltz and Rubio for them to be going along with this charade like fucking, you know, ribbon tr the Nazi farm minister.


Like they, these guys were talking tough about Ukraine like a year ago. They were, you know, this is what happens when you sell your soul to Donald Trump. You know? And if there's one thing that Zelensky visit achieved, is it it exposed the full truth of what he's dealing with? Yeah, I mean, and look, there is sort of a, there is a, there is a national security challenge for the us which is that I think China has something like 70% of the rare earth elements supply. They also have something like 90% of the refining capacity. So there could be a scenario where the US really needs access to these rare earth minerals. But like you just said, I mean this is like a decade long process.


And Ben, I remember having a very similar conversation about, you know, people saying there were massive deposits, like trillion dollar deposits in Afghanistan, that none of those have been mined even as of today. So all of this just seems like very vaporware Made up. No, it's a huge issue. But ironically Tommy, I know a lot about this issue from the prism of climate change because these are critical to battery technologies, to solar panels and the Chinese away ahead wind turbines. And, and the reality is, if you really cared about it, you wouldn't dismantle U-S-A-I-D because you'd be trying to be in Africa where there's a ton of these critical minerals or place in South America. There are a ton of critical minerals and in, in places that are not currently invaded by Russia. Like, you know, making agreements with Chile, which has a lot of these deposits would be a lot more rational than saying we're gonna solve our rare earth materials by getting mining rights in Ukraine.


You know, that has currently been intact. It's purely for show for Trump. Yep. Purely for show. Okay. Well like we mentioned earlier, Zelensky wasn't just insulted by JD Vance and Rubio and Waltz and Trump. There were a bunch of moron reporters in the Oval Office because as you might have heard, the White House is taken over control of the White House press pool. And instead of having like real serious journalists in there from places like Reuters or Bloomberg, they're swapping in right wing zealots who are just their little propagandists. So let's hear an example of what kind of questions those people ask. Do you ever, why don't you wear a suit?


Why don't you wear a suit? You're at the highest level in this country's office and you refuse to wear a suit. Just want to see if you, do you own a suit? Yeah, you have problems. A lot of Americans have problems with you not Respecting office. I don't have such office. I will wear a costume after this war will finish. Okay. Yes. Maybe one, maybe something like this. Maybe something like yours. Yes. That'd be great. Maybe some, something better. I don't, I don't know. We'll see. Maybe something cheaper than, yeah. Thank you. Thank you President. Thank you President Trump. That was a reporter named Brian Glen. He's the Chief White House correspondent for real America's voice. There was a reporter from One America, which is another right wing outlet, Ben, that asked what gave you the moral courage and conviction to lead on a peace agreement.


Apparently a reporter from Toss snuck into the Oval Office pool spray. For those who don't know, toss is a Russian state owned news agency founded in the 19 hundreds. So interesting move to let the Russian state owned media, you know, the country bombing the, the country you're meeting with into the Oval Office spray. They, apparently the White House staff said he snuck in there somehow. It doesn't gimme a lot of confidence in their, in their security. I'm not sure how you sneak into the Oval Office, but I don't know man. Like this is, this is bleak shit. Well, you know, first of all, the Real America News guy was probably slobbering over Elon Musk in the cabinet meeting yesterday when he was not wearing a suit.


Was wearing a t-shirt. Was wearing a hat, right? And was like amped up on God knows what. Good point. Standing up, jumping up and down being a fucking lunatic. Right? So why is Elon Musk allowed to like, you know, in this guy's view, denigrate the White House, the Oval Office, by not wearing a suit. I mean like, can you imagine, can you imagine being Ukrainian and looking at this? I mean, Zelensky dresses like that in solidarity with people in his country. You know, he wears military colored clothes to express solidarity with troops who are fighting the front line. You don't have to think that's a great, you know, sartorial choice, but to, to fucking just pick on him who's, what dangers that guy ever been under.


Zelensky could have been assassinated in the early days of the war. Like there was yeah, incredible reports. There are all kinds of bounties on his head and this kind of complete fucking loser from Real America News is picking on him to ma make himself look good in front of Mr. Trump and whoever his audiences. And then the toss thing, let's just be very clear here, like Russian State Media, which I think was like sanctioned or designated, Like I know, I'm trying to remember that it they may have been. Yeah. Yeah. They were definitely like a part of some, you know, one of the things about administration rule out, but Russian State Media is allowed in the Oval Office and the Associated Press, the wire service for more American newspapers than anybody else is not because they won't call it the Gulf of America.


Like this is where we are people like we are in a reality in which Russian state media and Russian propaganda is in the Oval Office. Berating a democratic elected leader of a country under attack. You know, who's being insulted for not wearing a suit? I I mean we just have to get our minds around this thing. 'cause we're only six weeks into it, you know? Yeah, I, I know like American politics are so unserious, it's so frustrating. But this moment really drove home for me. I just, I can't imagine, you know, this is an existential meeting for the people of Ukraine and for Zelensky, literally. And, you know, suddenly he's getting berated about his appearance.


I mean it's just like truly outrageous. So Ben, I mean the big picture question is like, where do we go from here? Because this meeting was a disaster. I mean, I'm sure Zelensky will try to kinda mop it up. He's doing a a TV appearance with Brett Bear on Fox News later tonight that I think he will knows, will be a sort of a, a direct line back into the Oval Office to communicate with Trump. It's been interesting to watch this week you had Macron, Kiir, starer and Zelensky all have White House meetings and then all go on Brett Bear's show, it's become kind of the, the car wash equivalent. Like when you go to ES espn, you do like a bunch of shows. Now Brett Bear's the car wash. But yesterday Putin was speaking, he was praising the new US administration for quote, pragmatism, a realistic worldview discarding many of stereotypes so-called rules and messianic ideological cliches of their predecessors.


You had Dmitri Veev cheering and tweeting in English about how great it was to see the zelensky treated like shit. And then yesterday, when, when Trump was meeting with Kiir Starer, the British Prime Minister Trump refused to say that the US would backstop a European peacekeeping force if one were to be put in Ukraine after some sort of peace deal. He also seemed to once again suggest the US wasn't fully committed to, to Article five. When he was asked about it, he was like, oh, the Brits, they don't need much help. They can take care of themselves. And then at one point he said to cure Starer, could you take on Russia by yourselves? You know, like kind of joking, but not really. So I dunno, pretty dark man. Like I, where do you think we go from here?


Again, I think if there's any utility in, in this, you know, 'cause you might say Zelensky should have just shut his mouth and taken it and then tried to sign his rare steel and you know, but actually I think it's something useful in just surfacing this, you know, and just clarifying, this is where we are. We've learned that Trump has flipped 180 degrees to the Russian side. We've learned that his approach to peace is to bully Ukraine and ask nothing of Russia. We've learned that the Republican party in the United States has completed the process of not having any spine and capitulating to Trump's foreign policy. And so what does it mean going forward if I'm Europe and Ukraine, I'm saying we need to develop a shared position for this war that is separate from the United States of America and actually sees that this is the United States and Russia sitting on one side of the negotiating table and Europe and Ukraine sitting on the other.


And as dark and as extreme as that sounds, I think that's where we are. And so they, the 'cause Ukrainians, by the way, don't have to stop fighting. You know, there were reports early in the, in the invasion when Russia thought they were gonna roll over Kyiv, that they were gonna have a gorilla warfare type approach. So the Ukrainians don't have to like, to like agree to Trump's terms that he strikes with Moscow. I think the Ukrainians need to figure out what the Europeans, what are their positions, what are they insisting on? They're gonna have to give a bunch of stuff, including territory, but what can they, what can they insist on in terms of like a credible ceasefire line essentially? And then what is a peace force that has, you know, British and, and French troops. There was an interesting comment from Turkey that they might get involved with troops on the ground.


What is a credible European force that can provide some security guarantee and some presence there? And then how do you build a European defense and foreign policy that is totally separate from the United States because the United States has switched sides. You know, and, and, and I I, I wish that wasn't the case, but I think that's where we are. And I don't know that just like signing some dumb rare earth thing is gonna make Trump be nicer to them. It's not. So figure out your own interest and act accordingly. It's what all of us are gonna have to do in these Trump years. Yeah, I mean, look, the it, the more we learned about the rare Earths agreement, the more it just seemed like nothing, you know, it like initially it just sounded like complete ex extortion. And now I don't even know what it was. I do think, you know, to your question, we should ask like, did Zelensky screw up?


I think I I give him like all, like, I have so much sympathy for him, but I think the answer is kind of, of course he did. I mean, of course he did. Yeah. I mean, challenging JD Vance getting into that pissing match. Like, it, it, like we, we can look at inputs DC people look at inputs too much and they don't look at outputs. Like the end result of that meeting was a fucking disaster for Zelensky personally, politically and for his country. So obviously he should have approached it differently. I think the challenge is he's got politics. Trump's got politics, right? Like, he's not gonna walk in there and make a bunch of sort of rhetorical concessions to Putin before negotiations actually begun a negotiation that he's not part of, by the way. And Trump just wouldn't broke any descent.


Or, or you know, and actually, like he mocked Zelensky at one point for saying, I don't want to ceasefire, but Zelensky point was like, not that I don't want this, the fighting to stop. He was like, I don't wanna ceasefire where Putin then breaks it over and over again and rein invades my country. So I mean, look, I, yeah, we'd be like, I think dishonest if we said that Zelensky had played that thing perfectly, but, or even remotely Well, but I do think it was a setup for domestic consumption here in the us Yeah. I I I think that, look, look by any measure, like tactically, you don't get into a fight with JD Vance in the Oval Office. You don't allow yourself to be humiliated by the president of the United States to that extent.


But I'm not saying this to give him credit. 'cause I don't think it was a strategy. I think the, the utility in it is we know what we're dealing with now, right? Like we have the hegseth like laying down of terms without consulting Ukraine and Europe in which they surrender all their territory and can't be nato. We have the JD Van speech in Munich endorsing the European far right, we've got Trump calling Zelensky dictator and now we have this. And so there can be a new illusions that somehow some committee to save America is going to, or Marco Rubio or whoever, or Lindsey Graham's gonna the Oval Office and convinced Trump to suddenly get tough on the Russians. Like, so I'm not saying that Zelensky was like playing some chess and you know, outed this.


I'm saying he messed up by getting baited into this. But there may be something you worthwhile that comes out of just clarifying, okay, this is, this is actually where we are. You know? And, and I can tell you like from, you know, having been in Munich and you know, different Europeans, like this is what the Trump people are like behind closed doors too, you know, like from what I hear, like they're not, they're not just performing for the cameras. Like they, this is, this is who they are and so now he's gotta go back. And I was thinking too, Tommy, like, you know, he made that comment about like, I will step down if it brings peace. Like he's gotta be also thinking about that, you know, not stepping down now, but like, you know, like what is, what is like, he, he's tired.


He's clearly a lightning rod to Trump because Trump wrongly, unfairly sees him as some guy who's like aligned with things that Trump doesn't like, like democracies and Europeans and, and internationalists in this country. And, and so I think he's gotta stand up to Trump and try to get the best deal for his people and from the Europeans. And then, you know, that's, that's his mission. And then he's done, You're right though. I mean this is really tough for Zelensky because he showed unbelievable, incredibly inspiring courage in the very early days of that war. And by just sort of like force of personality, brought the entire world to his side, helped rally support in the US in Europe, everywhere, like public opinion in capitals everywhere.


And if he is seen now as having kind of lost that touch, I mean, I'm sure the, the, the shine faded during the Biden administration when a lot of Ukrainians felt like they were getting some of what they wanted, but getting it late and getting it slow and not getting enough of it. But this meeting I think yeah, is probably gonna, I mean maybe it'll rally people to his side, but it might also make them wonder whether he's the right person to be the inter interlocutor with the United States when they're so relying on us. So very challenging political moment for him personally as well as for the country. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if I'm him, I'm gonna take a breath and I'm gonna talk. I mean, I, I honestly, frankly, I guess you gotta do the Brett Bayer car wash, but he can't just go on there and grovel, you know, and Brett Bayer will be an asshole.


I, as a side note too, Tommy, it's like, do you remember like, you know, people will go to finally leaders go to China, they have to do CCTV, the state media, like Fox News has become like the CCTV of the US No doubt. That's pretty dark too. You know, like that that's not normal people, you know, like there's a lot of other people that could, you could do interviews with, but they know that they like have to, to talk to Brett Bearer and Fox News 'cause that's who Trump wants him to talk to. Yep. Two Leader will be watching. So I will see, you know, I'm sure he'll kind of recalibrate this a little bit, but he can't fold or capitulate and that's also not in his character. And I think you go back, you talk to Macron, you talk to Starr, you talk to Mertz and Schultz and the Germans.


If you're Zelensky and you kind of go back to the drawing board. Okay. Like what, what's our position? Our being Europe and Ukraine. Yeah. And this negotiation with the US and Russia. Yeah. Dark day. Well, Historic historic day, you know? Yeah. One of, one of many we've been covering recently. Yeah. Well I'm very glad that we decided to do this. Had no idea how horrendous it was gonna be, but great to talk to you, Ben. I Thought we'd be talking about like a rare earth agreement. I know I did too. I'm trying to explain why that was important. All right. That's it for today. Thank you so much for listening. Subscribe to Pods Save the World. If you're not already, I'd really appreciate it. And we'll be out with a new Pod Save America on Tuesday. Today the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to.


America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can, bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better. At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient. From cutting development time in half on a new class of cruise missile for the DOD to already being done with this ad.


Leidos making smart, smarter.