(1s):
At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. The first person to use the term organized crime. He didn't mean it in the sense of Don Corleone and the Mafia. He meant it in terms of what he saw as this deep, deep symbiotic relationship between the people running the city government and the police department.

(22s):
From Wondery and Crooked Media, I'm Kuka, and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City. Wherever you get your podcasts, binge all episodes of Empire City early in ad free on Wondery. Plus,

(41s):
Today's presenting sponsor is simply save home security. Hey, Tommy? Yeah. Football is back. Oh, don't I know It. Talk about any games you're planning to make it to this fall. Oh man. Oh, the games I'm going to, boy, all of them. You're throwing. Catching. But when you're not on your home turf, you gotta make sure it's protected by SimpliSafe. That's right. With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents connect within five seconds of receiving your alarm, you can even see and speak to intruders to stomp them in their tracks. You'll never be launched into a long-term contract, so you can cancel any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than $1 per day with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offer the best customer service and home security according to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. I love SimpliSafe. I set up a SimpliSafe system all by myself. It's really easy to customize online, comes in the mail, and then you can have it up and running in a matter of minutes, and it works great. Completely reliable. And the app is great zone Defense, right? For sure. Zone. Because You prefer zone demand when it comes to home security like a Bill Belichick design zone defense for your home. Do they use zone defense in football? I thought Oh, did a basketball term? Both. Okay. Both. Okay. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.

(2m 26s):
Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm John Favreau. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tom e Vitor. On today's show, JD Vance admits the pet eating conspiracies are fake. As the people of Springfield continue to deal with bomb threats. Sounds like he's eating crow Tough. Kamala Harris sits down for more interviews as Donald Trump once again dominates the news. And with just 50 days to go until the election, the former president makes his most important announcement, yet the Trump family is finally launching a crypto platform. We've all been waiting. It's about What? It's timing, man. Great timing. Right? Get right at the top of the crest. Yeah, right, Exactly. But first, as I'm sure you all know by now, it appears as though another lunatic tried to assassinate Donald Trump on Sunday, while the Republican nominee was playing a round of golf at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, secret service agents spotted the muzzle of an assault rifle poking through the bushes near the next hole.

(3m 19s):
They opened fire, the suspect fled, and then was arrested in a highway stop. Ryan Wesley Ro. Age 58 has been charged in federal court with possession of a firearm by a felon and possessing a firearm without legible serial number more charges could follow as the FBI continues to investigate. Leaders of both parties have expressed shock and anger that an attempted assassin could get so close to the former president, especially after he was shot at a rally just two months ago. President Biden did a quick press avail before getting on the helicopter on Monday at the White House. Here's what he said. Thank God the president's. Okay. I think we got a full report so far. We're down there tonight. But one thing I wanna make clear, the service needs more help, and then I think the Congress should respond to their needs if they back need more service.

(4m 10s):
So is There anywhere else we could do the press Conference? I know now we just Do 'em by the jet engines. Now Thing that's, Trump did 'em by the jet engines. Biden did. This is just a new thing. Maybe if Kamala Harris wins, she can put an end to that practice. Please. Anyway, this is vice president. This is a small, small issue. Apparently Trump and Biden spoke this afternoon. After that they had a, the White House had a cordial conversation. Trump said, we had a nice talk. Oh, okay. Oh, we gotta stop meeting like this. We're gonna talk about the predictably insane political fallout in a bit. But let's start with how this could have happened. Again, according to the charging document, Ralph hid along the edge of the golf course Saturday night and waited there for about 12 hours.

(4m 52s):
We've all been through a lot of secret service sweeps. It does seem hard to believe that someone hanging around the President's golf course with an AK 47 and a sniper scope wouldn't get spotted for 12 hours. Do you think it's fair for the Secret service to, to be in the hot seat right now? so I, I think the golf course is like 15 minutes from the club. So it's not the same terrain. It's also like this was not a scheduled golf outing. This is what's called an OTR. So Trump didn't announce it ahead of time. He just decided to play golf and then went to the golf course. So there's just a different level of protection for events like that. You're not securing the entire perimeter necessarily for a candidate versus the president.

(5m 33s):
It Does raise the question that if it was an OTR and wasn't announced, how did the gunman know that he would be There? Because Trump plays golf every single Sunday. I mean, I think there's a broader look. The the part of this is obviously not Donald Trump's fault, but every conversation with Secret Service about protecting an outing or going somewhere, whatever you wanna do it, it's, it's a back and forth. You know, like you're pushing them to let you do things to get into the crowd. You're pushing to go overseas into war zones. They're pushing back and saying that's not safe. And apparently in the past, the Secret Service has told Donald Trump, Hey man, people can see you from public roads when you're golfing. Like here's news media footage of you on the golf course. Like a sniper rifle would have the same exact vantage point.

(6m 17s):
Yeah. The Washington Post basically said that the Secret Service said, Hey look, you want to golf at your clubs, but it's too predictable because basically people know that you'll be at the club that you own closest to where you're currently staying, which is public information. Yeah. Every Sunday. And so when President Obama was, was golfing and he golfed too much. No, I'm kidding. He would go to military bases and more secure places. And this is just, I think people were rightly like pretty upset about what happened in Butler. And so they're kind of drawing that into this and assuming that something went wrong here, which is why I think in their press conference, secret Service was pretty like irate about saying that this was the system working.

(6m 59s):
Like whether that's totally true, I don't know. But I do think this is just a different circumstance and the challenge of securing a giant golf course surrounded by public roads that the President often goes to, which is why I think you get to President Biden and Ana talking about wanting more support for the Secret Service. Because if this is where Trump is going to be regularly, clearly it is very hard to secure something as big as this. And like Tommy said it, it is always a negotiation between the Secret Service and the Protectee. In this case it was Trump. But like You know, Obama would have these negotiations with the Secret Service all the time. The Obama administration would, Alyssa Mastermind could speak to this better than us, but especially with events that are announced ahead of time, even though there's more protection, sometimes if it's open air, it's outside.

(7m 43s):
There's a big crowd if it's in a foreign country. Right? Like Secret Service just gets nervous about this stuff. Oh yeah. Rightly so. And at the end of the day, they always defer to the Protectee because You know either it's the president or a former president or whatever, but they can at least voice their concerns before that and try to give the best advice they can and and warn the protectee of what might happen. You know. Yeah. I just think we need more information here. Like in Butler, clearly, like you had, it was similar in that you had some individual agents doing heroic work. The PPD people, the people around the president dove on him after the shots were fired, they put themselves in harm's way. And then in this case, you had some member of the PPD detail walking the perimeter of the club saw this, the gun muzzle engaged, the person drove them away.

(8m 26s):
Right? So Secret Service did their job on a sort of individual basis. But there's a question of like, Hey, is this process, is this system working? Yeah. If you like, can we call something an OTR when you are doing it so regularly? I I, I think probably not. I think Like people, so just why the difference between OTR, like what that is traditionally is you don't assume that there's somebody waiting to kill the president at every random coffee shop, right? In America. So the pre if the president just is gonna stop on an unpredictable way at a ice cream place or a, a restaurant or something to meet people, they don't do as much to secure that because you would never know the president was gonna be there. This, they keep calling this golf outing in OTR, but everybody knew he was gonna be there, especially including this guy who is laying in wait for 12 hours.

(9m 13s):
So Lovett, as you mentioned, Roanna was one of the first Democrats out of the gate with a response. He said that Secret Service should immediately come to Congress and, and tell them what resources are needed to expand the protective perimeter so that they can allocate resources in a bipartisan vote. On the same day. In the times, there was a suggestion from a former Secret Service agent who protected Obama, that Trump should get the same level of protection that current presidents get because he's a former president running to be president and is an extremely polarizing figure. And so you want the same level of protection. At the press conference on Monday, the Secret Service said Trump has the highest level of protection. What do you guys think of it?

(9m 54s):
So first of all, one thing that came outta that press conference, I think is worth mentioning is that the acting head of the Secret Service made a point of saying that, that the Biden administration, department of Homeland Security Congress, like there is bipartisan support and that the Secret Service feels supported by Biden, by his administration, by Congress only because there's so much. I'm glad that he did that because you could see Republicans saying, oh, this is the Democrats not wanting Donald Trump to have defend it. And that's not there. Though. It's interesting because Biden did say with the helicopter blades going, that secret service is stretched thin and does need help. Yeah. so I, I do think there's a, seems like there's a resource issue here.

(10m 35s):
Yeah. I mean watching the acting director, I mean, he was like, look, yeah, we need, we've been doing more with less for a very long time. But also, you can't just tell me to like give more agents over time. 'cause he said, I wrote that the quote down Men, women of the Secret Service right now, we are redlining them, meaning like we are working them so far beyond their capacity to do just more overtime. So there, there does seem to be like an aggregate manpower question. And, and, and there also was some back and forth on whether Trump's getting the same detail. Yeah. You know, like, so the, the local sheriff who his kink seems to be telling reporters, they only get two or three questions and then shutting the rest down, which is very funny. The Palm Beach guy, he said yesterday that if Trump had been the act, the sitting president, they would've actually been able to like man, the perimeter at the course.

(11m 19s):
The acting director today seemed to push back on that. Although he might've just been saying, Hey, like the President Trump has PPD, which is the presidential productive detail, a CAT team, which is the counter assault team, which are the super, super heavily armed guys who basically, if, if there's an incident go towards the shooter and like engage them so the president can flee. But it's not clear that they have the uniform detail agents making a huge perimeter around the president the way you would do with the sitting president And You know. Someone asked Dick Durbin about this and he was like, the, the problem with resources for the Secret Service is it's not like you can just go hire more secret service agents off the street. Right? Like that's the, it's a finite resource here that you have needs time to actually get more of them.

(12m 1s):
Yeah. I Also, by the way, like I, this is, he said, do more with less. This has been an ongoing issue with the Secret Service forever. Right? I remember in 2008, I just went and, and looked back at it that there was this issue around defending so many presidential candidates when in 2007 the race had already seemed to begin. You have a former first lady running for president, former president campaigning on her behalf. You have Barack Obama had already begun receiving threats when he's campaigning. And so, like, this is just the point that, that they're always trying to provide a hundred percent fail safe protection. And that's impossible. And there's always limited resources. Let's talk about the perspective assassin. Ruth has an extensive arrest record, including a 2002 conviction that involved a three hour standoff with police that resulted in charging him with possessing a weapon of mass destruction characterized by local press as a fully automatic machine gun.

(12m 52s):
As for his political views, they've been all over the place. He says on social media, he backed Trump in 2016, Biden in 2020, and has supported the typical combo of Bernie Sanders, Tulsi Gabbard, Nikki Haley and Vivek Ramis Swami. Those are, those are his different candidates. He's also fairly obsessed with the war in Ukraine and has routinely contacted the Ukrainian military with what one official described to the New York Times as quote, nonsensical ideas that can best be described as delusional. Of course, none of these details matter to Trump, who waited less than 24 hours to blame Joe Biden and Kamala Harris calling them, quote, the real threat in an interview with Fox, where he also said that quote, their rhetoric is causing me to be shot at.

(13m 35s):
And they are the ones that are destroying the country, both from the inside and out. Lovely. Trump also posted that quote, because of this communist left rhetoric, the bullets are flying and it will only get worse. So our borders must be closed in the terrorist criminals and mentally insane, immediately removed from American cities and towns. So the rest of MAGA world has, of course followed suit with Don Jr. Blaming radical leftists and Elon Musk tweeting, quote, the incitement to hatred and violence against President Trump by the media and leading Democrats need to stop. And this is after Musk tweeted and then had to delete a tweet where he said, no one is even trying to assassinate Biden slash Kamala.

(14m 17s):
And then later claimed this was some kind of a joke that you just Didn't get it. Some of the best comedians in history, just people don't get them in at that time. He's so dry. He's so such a dry witch. He's so funny. We don't get it. Well, he, he also posted, he posted comedy. He, he made excuses for himself by saying like, man, You know a joke works in the room. You tell it to a bunch of people and then you post it online. It doesn't work as well. Which is with just a window into such a bleak and empty existence that he must have just spouting off this nonsense to a group of yes goons that are sitting around in a circle saying, great one Elon post it, my man post it. So you're The best. Sometimes the joke works with all the people you paid, but then it doesn't outside. Huh? Yeah. That's, that's called Lovett or leave it.

(15m 4s):
Oh. So after the first assassination attempt, there was a brief period of, so-called Unity. Donald Trump was a changed man. Everyone was gonna hold hands. He only Told that story one time. Convent Only. Yeah. You only at convention was only gonna tell that story 'cause it was too painful. And then on Twitter spaces Right now, we're just, we're right into blaming the left. Doesn't matter what the details are about this guy doesn't matter. Anything, anything that happened, any of the investigation, what it might uncover, whatever, it doesn't matter. We're going right after the left immediately. Were you guys surprised at how fast this happened? And and what do you make of their response in general? Here we, here we are sitting 24 hours after this happened. Surprised. No, not surprised. Look, this is like a conspiratorial movement, like a paranoid movement that, or doesn't care what the facts say.

(15m 47s):
Just whatever is useful. It is useful to them in this moment in their minds to believe that this is some leftist. So they're going to say it. That's what ties all these disparate lies that they're telling. Are they useful? Then they're gonna tell them, I think we are past the point where we can expect Don Jr. To show the kind of, I don't know, seriousness, wisdom, maturity, to understand that the stakes of political violence are too high to behave in this way. So you'll wait a long time for, for Don Jr. To show that kind of maturity. So, no, I wasn't surprised. It is one of the rare times I am sympathetic to Trump. I mean a almost getting shot in the head has to have screwed him up.

(16m 28s):
It has to, it would mess up anybody. Like you'd be scarred for life if you almost, you literally just ducked a bullet then for it to happen again. I would be absolutely furious. Now that doesn't like now justify blaming Democrats like putting out all these statements that are clearly going to just make inflame the everyone's worst instincts in this moment. It's also like in the first case in, in the Butler shooting, that shooter was immediately killed. He didn't have much of a social media presence. They couldn't find a lot of information about the motive. This guy's sitting in custody. They have him, they have his gun, they have his social media posts like we will, He sounds like many broken brain people on the internet. Frankly, if you look through, if you look through his Twitter Feed Yeah.

(17m 10s):
I mean to the extent that he has a motive beyond maybe just having lost his marbles. Like we'll be able to figure it out. I think that was the motive. Yeah. I mean it just, look, they, they decided to hang their hat on You know the fact that he said he supported Biden in 20, that he wanted Trump to lose that he said bad things about Trump, even though he was a former Trump supporter himself. Right. Like they, they, they don't care what the full picture is or what the motivations are or whether this guy's mentally is disturbed or anything. Right. Like they just, they all they care about is like they had one little thing and they were able to say, boom, that, that he, he's a radical leftist. He's fully politicizing. Of course, of course. I'm just saying like on a human level, boy would this have fucked me up if I were him for, he also said in that Fox interview, yeah, That's Completely different.

(17m 52s):
He said in that Fox interview, they use highly inflammatory language. I can use it too far better than they can, but don't the Gave me, if Donald Trump wanted to do the first interview and be like, I can't fucking believe this almost happened to me again. What is wrong? Yeah. With the Secret Service. There's too much violence in this country. There's too much potential for violence. Maybe. Hey, maybe I should look inward too. I mean like if he said but, but if he said that and he was just really angry, that'd be one thing. That's not what happened. Yeah. I, the the guy's anti-Trump, he tried to kill Trump. That that goes, he is a wacko. The the jump to the, this is not being incited by, by Democrats. This is just A-A-A-A-A-A narcissistic mentally ill fucking whackadoo that's been posting all kinds of things for years.

(18m 35s):
It's like, of course it's absurd to tie it to Democrats. Of course it's dangerous. Of course. That's what he does. How do you guys think that the Harris Walls campaign and other Democrats should react to all of this? You know so far they've done everything that you would expect normal politicians to do. Right? You have, like I said, Rohan was out there saying we should give him more protection. Most Democrats have said that Joe Biden had a call with him. Kamala Harris put out a statement saying, this is horrific. We gotta You know all the, everyone's doing the right thing. Yeah. And now all these Democrats are also getting attacked by Donald Trump and, and getting blamed for this. Do you just ignore it and move on? Do you punch back? I was thinking about that. I I feel like there's two, I had two different sort of, I think ways to try to talk about it without just like taking the punch right in the face and then ignoring it.

(19m 24s):
One is to say, this is awful. This shouldn't happen in this country. We denounce political violence, but we also need leadership that understands that in moments that feel dangerous and threatening, you turn the temperature down. You don't turn it up. You try to demonstrate the kind of politics you wanna see. That you, you don't go around attacking everybody you can think of 'cause you're upset. That's not what a leader does. A leader tries to bring the country together and try to remind people about how dangerous political violence is, whether it's from the left or from the right or or for some, some crazy guy. I think that's one way to do it. I think the other way to do it is to say we denounce political violence. We denounce political violence when it's against Donald Trump. We denounce political violence when it's Donald Trump inciting an insurrection.

(20m 8s):
It's dangerous to a democracy. It's dangerous. We're glad Donald Trump is safe and we're glad Democrats and Republicans are denouncing this kind of political violence. And I'm really glad Democrats and Republicans came together, denounce the kind of violence we saw at the Capitol. We gotta put a stop to all this. That kind of thing. Those are the two thoughts. Yeah. Yeah. Another think the most important thing was what Joe Biden did to, to call him to offer more resources. I mean like, it's crazy. We can't get our arms around this problem. Like we should be able to, like the, the message it sends to the entire world that we can't protect the president of the United States is insane to me also, or potentially the next president of the United States. Also not to have, what are we doing? I, I know we have the same exact conversation about gun violence and, and, and gun legislation every single time something like this happens.

(20m 52s):
But the guy was a convicted felon who was convict. He had three hour standoff with police in 2002 where we had a, a machine gun, multiple other weapons charges. Yes. Like this person should not have been able to get a gun. And You know, most laws in most states say that they, he shouldn't have been able to get a gun. So perhaps he gut it illegally or whatever. But like the idea that criminals mentally unstable people can get their hands on these weapons is absurd. Absurd. Yeah. I I also, like, I do think we just need more information to know, Like The Secret Service is saying that their systems worked. Then there's a question how close this person was able to get to Donald Trump. They're describing it as an assassination attempt.

(21m 34s):
Assassination plots, attempts, whatever are foiled. They happen. Right? Like I, I, I forgot about this in just last year, in August of last year, Biden was going to Utah. Before Biden went to Utah. FBI went knocking on the door of a guy that had been issued some threat. The guy ended up, they ended up killing the guy. They called himself a a Maga Trumper. A a January 6th. Rioter was arrested June of last year outside of the Obama's home in DC with weapons and explosives outside the Obama's home. Yeah. This is why the Elon Musk tweet was just so wrong on so many levels. First of all, there's, there's publicly documented incidents of where there have been threats against Obama or Kamala Harris or Joe Biden.

(22m 15s):
Second of all, he doesn't know all the threats, the FBI and the US Secret Services every single day against the president or these candidates. Like it's, it would chill you to your core. It's terrifying. And so, like saying something like that, that attempts to make this a Republican versus Democrat thing is just stupid. And I think if like Kamala Harris, if she's asked about it, I think your answers are right Lovett. And I also think it's just, I, I take these things extremely seriously. Yeah. Like the attempt on any leader's life is very serious. And that's why we're working with Secret Service. We're working to make sure there's enough protection. And it doesn't sound like Donald Trump and, and his people are taking it seriously. It sounds like they're looking at it as another political opportunity for his campaign, which is what he does.

(22m 57s):
And I think that's just dangerous. It's dangerous for him. It's dangerous for all of us. It's dangerous for the whole country. This is why we can't go back to this You know, like I I mean. It's, he's just, it's a, you, you put it right in the category, which the Springfield thing is as well that we're about to talk about of You know. It is purely for Donald Trump's own political gain and nothing else. That is all he sees this stuff As. It's also just, man, you, we just didn't know how many people did not have the responsibility, the perspective to be able to talk about this in public. Like John Jr. All of them, Ted, all these guys, they just like don't have the ability to treat this seriously.

(23m 38s):
They can't, they don't truly accept the stakes of like, what happens to this country if we really do descend into political violence.

(23m 51s):
Pod, Save America is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. As You know folks, we live in a time where we just expect things to happen fast. The internet produces answers to any question instantly. May not be right, but it's fast. You can touch an app and a car will pick you up within minutes and you can order literally anything and have it delivered the next day. So here's a question of the things that are still slow. What else do you wish could happen fast? I'll say, you know what, slow is hiring. It's a hard and slow process. Gotta get it right. It's really important. Yep. It's really tough. If you're a business owner, it can take a lot of time to build your business and hire for it. But with ZipRecruiter, the hiring part is much faster. We've used ZipRecruiter here at Crooked to help us find talented qualified people and it's helped us out a lot. See if for yourself right now you could try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked. Once again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash crooked.

(24m 38s):
Pod Save America is brought to you by Bombas Follow is here and everyone is getting back from vacation and heading to school. And you know what that means? Yep. It's time to get back into Bombas, the amazingly comfortable socks that give back with every purchase. Bombas has the best socks for fall to start you off on the right foot and the left foot too, huh? Hmm. And these aren't just your regular old fall colors. They're actually playful and fun. Not like those brown or boring fall colors you're used to. Yeah. They've even gotten new sweat wicking socks to keep you energized for those fall workouts. Or You know just running after the kids as they head back to school and they're so comfortable. Sorino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows. Of course, the best thing about Bombas is if every item you purchase, they donate one to someone experiencing housing insecurity. You can also try Bombas risk free because they have a 100% happiness guarantee. I love Bombas socks. Actually, just even reading this ad is reminding me, You know you go through phases where you're like, ah, I gotta fix my sock situation. There's just too many different kinds floating around holes. There's decision fatigue. They're the ones that are like a little, I want, I wanna open my drawer of socks and find only Bombas Do it. Only Bombas do it. I'm gonna do it. And so should you bombas.com/crooked use the code crooked for 20% off your first purchase. Ooh. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/crooked. Code crooked at checkout for 20% off your first purchase. bombas.com/crooked.

(25m 59s):
Pod Save America sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online with Squarespace. It's easy to create a beautiful website all on your own terms. You don't wanna miss Fluid Engine Tommy's nickname in high school. A next generation website design system from Squarespace with reimagined drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. I had to pee one time on a road trip. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it was about. It was about that time you had to pee on a road trip. With Squarespace, email campaigns you can drive sales and engage your audience easily. Collect email subscribers on your site and build connections. Plus, use insights to grow your business. Squarespace helps you learn where your site visits and sales are coming from and analyze which channels are most effective. You know, we're always trying to build out. We, we want, we, we want new subscribers to friend of the Pod You know And look, we, we You know we're data fiends, global Domination For sure. Sun Never Sets And Squarespace can can help you do that. Just like it's helping us do that. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.

(27m 8s):
So other than blaming Democrats for a lunatics attempt on the former President's life, it was a pretty standard weekend for the Republican ticket. There's a headline I loved in Sunday's, wall Street Journal that I think really summed it up well. Quote, Trump posts disdain for Taylor Swift Vance defends pet eating claims subhead. Republicans had planned a campaign on the economy. But that topic is getting less attention. The paper is of course referring to Trump posting on truth social on Sunday and all caps. I hate Taylor Swift. Do you think we would've led with that if not for this horrible assassination event? I mean, it was the kind of post that I was getting so many texts from people who were like, wait, is that real?

(27m 50s):
Or is that like a parody thing that someone did? And I, I looked twice. I like went on to truth social. I really wanna make He did. He just wrote, I hate Taylor Swift in All Capital Edit. It's like she has the most intense online fan base. Well, I would not want to kick that beehive just for purely political reasons. It's also, it's not even like he's trying to, to needle her or take a shot at her. He just is just, I hate her. That's it. That's all he had to say. I hate her. Right, right. This is sort of like, because she doesn't like you. Right. Right. Yeah. That's It. You actually were putting out AI images of her support being important to you literally a week ago, two Ago. It is the most, it is the most distilled example of how Trump works. Yeah. Like You think Trump bad. You bad. You like me, you're good. You don't like me, you're fucked.

(28m 30s):
That's it. That's, that's his presidency. So. anyway, that was just hours after his running mate did a tour of the Sunday shows. Why they just keep putting JD Vance out on all of these Sunday shows. Yeah. It's so weird that he has become like the defacto spokesperson for the Trump campaign because Trump can't do normal interviews or refuses to, doesn't want to. He just wants to keep posting and doing his rallies. So they send JD Vance out is like the ultimate Zamboni Trump Zamboni trying to like intellectualize all the random threads of Trumpism. I Guess they decided, it's interesting to think about 'cause we, we we, the last time he did the full round of Sunday shows, I feel like maybe you could say it was better for him than his previous outings in the public that were about fucking couches and women, women not having children being awful.

(29m 16s):
Obviously it was bad for him, but I didn't describe, and This one's about eating pets. It hasn't improved too much. He, He also spent half of the day Saturday, like just in old school Twitter fights with random people. Yes. Oh Yeah. He's Posting Through It. He was fighting with crystal ball. He was fighting with Za Gilani. Like, not folks, you g guys at home probably know. We know. 'cause we're sicko. We in the political world, we're poster we're we're posting through it too. Like Thoughtful people on the sort of progressive Bernie sort of spectrum. But like, what are you doing man, So. anyway, after he is finished posting on Saturday, I guess he didn't do Sunday show prep, then he goes on the Sunday shows, and he said this, that his most contentious interview was with CNN's Dana Bash.

(29m 56s):
Here's how it went. The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump and I started talking about cat memes if I have to. But it wasnt just a Meme. Right. I have to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people. Then. That's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coast. You just said you're creating a story. Be talking About public policy. Sorry, you just said that. You're creating the story. What's that? Dana? You just said that this is a story that you created. Yes. So, so the the eating dogs and cast thing is not Accurate. We are creating, we are Dana. It comes from firsthand accounts from my constituents.

(30m 37s):
I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it. I didn't create 20,000 illegal migrants coming into Springfield Source next door. Yeah, man. Jesus. Look, look, whoever calls into my office and says anything, we automatically believe that person and we just share It. And I've been a senator for a while and I just decided to start drawing attention to this a week and a half ago. Right. Yeah. Well also the 20,000 number is not, is not right. It's just Completely particularly not right, is the illegal part. Yeah, well that's They're all legal. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's not, yes. All it's just wrong in every, it's wrong all the way down. Anyway, Ohio's Republican governor Mike DeWine went on ABC's this week to push back on some of these claims from JD Vance and Trump.

(31m 21s):
Let's listen. I think these discussions about Haitians eating dogs and cats and other things needs to stop. We need to focus on what is important was important is that we get primary care health to everyone in a very growing city. That we do other things in regard to housing. These are kind of basic things that we need to do. We need to focus on those and not these, this discussion about Haitians eating dogs. It's just not helpful. And again, these people are here legally. They're here illegally. So in the week since the debate, bomb threats have shut down. Springfield City Hall in a middle school caused lockdowns at two hospitals, evacuations at two elementary schools.

(32m 4s):
And on Monday, officials closed a college in town for the week because of continued violent threats including shooting and bombing. You think that's the media attention JD Vance was hoping for when he created the story to, to focus, so to focus the media on the suffering of the people of Springfield. I think that, look, a week and a half ago, we were not talking about the 1990 Immigration Reform Act as passed by George HW Bush and passed by Congress in a bipartisan way to take, to create the temporary protected status program. And now that's all we're talking about. It Is the, the conservative mantra as coined by our friend Ben Shapiro, used to be facts, don't care about your feelings.

(32m 44s):
Now it's, my feelings are all that matters. And You know, I'll make up my own facts. So that's lovely. Look, no one was talking about this until JD Vance started posting cat memes. That's something that he said on a national television program. It's Like in a, in a sense, this narrative is no different than all the news cycles about caravans in past elections. Remember 20 18, 20 20, there was always some scary sort of ISIS filled caravan coming towards the border. Now it's this more lured example of people allegedly eating You know Fido. The the thing that they're really stretching when they get to the geese. Geese absolutely suck. They're here, here illegally from Canada, eat Them all. But also the guy that was photographed with holding the goose, the dead goose, it was road a different town.

(33m 28s):
It was, it was a different town and it was roadkill. And so he was just picking it up off the street. Also, Also, RFK Jr. Famously tells stories about finding and eating roadkill that he finds on the side of the road Picture of him looking like he's eating a dog dog carcass. We went so quick from they're stealing your cats to their eating city geese. What the fucking king's deer You can eat city geese. Who cares? We are a weak from the debate ERs can't believe that by The way. We Yes. Well, a week after the debate that Donald Trump lost badly, according to all the polls and we are talking about, they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. It's been remixed on TikTok as a song. It's all everyone's talking about.

(34m 8s):
It's in the news. A Trump advisor told the bulwarks Mark Caputo that they are happy to quote, take the hit on the fake petting story quote to prove the bigger point. We talk about abortion. We lose, we talk about immigration, we win. Trump is also reportedly planning a trip to Springfield. We don't have details about that yet. What do you guys think? Is this issue a a winner for the Trump campaign? Tommy I mean I, look, I did wake up this weekend and read the news and think Republicans have successfully elevated the issue they want to talk about to the top of the agenda, which is immigration. And they're doing so in a very racist, divisive way. So this is like daunt, the this is the terrain Trump wants to be on now.

(34m 51s):
I think we've seen enough focus groups and data from the debate that shows that people basically mocked him when he started ranting about people eating dogs and cats, et cetera. They thought it, it did not play well with anybody. Not Trump voters not undecided. It's not anybody. So You know, this could be just like self-interested spin from some advisor. It could be bullshit, but You know. I I it's just something we wanna be mindful of. Like Republicans want the focus to be on immigration. We want the focus to be on abortion, access, democracy, the economy, other things. And it's just, it's something to have in the back of your mind. I, I saw that quote and I thought, well, that's a, that's, that's one way to spin a week of news cycle about people lying about people eating pets.

(35m 37s):
And you're a candidate losing a debate by saying something that people laughed at. Like, do I think we're on better ground when we're talking about abortion? Yes. But do I think that this is automatically a winner? Because the issue is a winner for them when they're talking about it in this completely ham-fisted and ridiculous way. And by the way, their strength is on the border. We are figuratively and literally so far from the border, we are talking about legal Haitian immigrants and a racist attack on them. I think that there's no reason you can't turn this to your advantage by saying, a obviously we need to address our immigration system. But this is a ridiculous attack on legal immigrants who did nothing but come to a place that the, that the city and the Republican governor and businesses wanted them to come to, to build a better life.

(36m 28s):
And two, the reason they want to talk about this is because they wanna talk about anything other than their position on abortion, on taxes, on the environment, not on guns. They wanna, they wanna scapegoat immigrants instead of talking about what matters to you. And I think if you can do both of those things, I don't think there's any reason to think we shouldn't be talking about cats and dogs and geese. Yeah, I think they, they succeeded in elevating the issue of immigration so that that's what we're talking about. And they succeeded at getting away from a discussion of how bad Donald Trump was at the debate and how good Kamala Harris was. I don't think this was the immigration discussion that they wanted to have.

(37m 8s):
And I think they probably acknowledged they, they they're acknowledging that too, right? Like it's not the perfect immigration conversation since it's fucking Looney Tunes, but yeah, it is. I think what Trump tries to do and is, is successfully he does, is like he just wants the attention. He doesn't care if it's good attention or bad attention. He just wants to be, he wants to Drive the Conversation. He wants to be the main character. Yeah. And and she was the main character for too long and she won the debate and so he just like worked his way back in. Do I think it was a strategy to work his way back in? No. It, he, all these things are just like instinct and he says something stupid and then it's like there's some reaction to it and he's like, oh, I'm getting some reaction. Let's just do more now. Right? It it's all instinctual, but it's still fucking, and What, it's only like, look, all he talks about is whatever is six feet in front of his face.

(37m 51s):
Yeah. And I think he's embarrassed about his debate performance. He knows he got his clock cleaned and so they're constantly spinning it. But on, on some level, I do think they've successfully gotten back to terrain. They wanna talk to. Now you're right about all the distinctions. This is not illegal immigration, this is temporary protected status, et cetera, et cetera. No one knows what the fuck any of that means, right? So they're just like, they're talking about a lu story. They're lying. It's this racist imagery. It's spreading on social media and there's a piece of that that they think might be helpful to them. They could be completely wrong. But I i I like kind of took at face value that there's some strain of thought in the campaign that believes this Well, and let's talk about it from the perspective of, of Kamala Harris's campaign, right? So they every morning get up and think, okay, we have some work to do.

(38m 34s):
One, we have to, to like continue to disqualify Donald Trump in the minds of voters and and, and define him as too risky for a second term. The bigger goal is to define Kamala Harris in voters' minds who don't know her that well. And as particularly voters who haven't decided whether they're gonna vote or whether they're gonna vote for her to make sure they know who she is, what she stands for, what her plans are. And I'd say on that part, they didn't get as much done during the debate as probably they need to because she had to spend the entire time kicking Donald Trump's ass, which she did. And so they got the disqualified Trump part. But now in the next 50 days, they have to figure out ways in addition to paid media to break through every day with what's Kamala Harris' vision, what's her plan?

(39m 19s):
How does it compare to Donald Trump's plan? And I would say from that perspective, it's tough to have this in the headlines all the time or in the last couple days because you're just coming out of this debate. You have all this momentum. So like how do you, what, what's the next step? You know. And so that, that's Tricky. No, I I, I agree with that. And also like, if you're in a swing state, you're seeing national news headlines maybe, or somehow you're seeing the news by osmosis about this debate about something going on in Ohio. Immigrants dogs You know it sounds insane and stupid and Donald Trump's crazy. But also you're being deluge with ads by Donald Trump saying, Biden failed at the border. Kamala will fail at the border. The border is broken. Criminals are sweeping in, they're they're doing their, an immigrant got in a car accident, an immigrant did this, an immigrant did that.

(40m 3s):
And you're sort of seeing a lot of that day in and day out. I do worry about that too. Like it's a little more effective in the context of a bunch of heinous ads. Well, it raises the question they have, they have so far ignored this story on the campaign trail. The campaign's put out statements and, and and, and posts and stuff like that. But Kamala Harris has not really talked about it. Tim Wallace hasn't really talked about it. I think that's obviously by design. I think it's probably been fine so far. At some point they'll either get a question in interviews or they'll have an opportunity to comment on it. I sort of wonder if Kamala Harris doesn't go out there and say like, you know what, this is all, this isn't about helping the people of Springfield. This is about helping Donald Trump and JD Vince's campaign, which is like their entire stance on immigration is about helping their campaign look, she said in the debate it's that, that it's not, it's not an issue, a problem to solve.

(40m 49s):
It's a problem to run on. And people in Springfield, they wanna live their lives. They want affordable housing, they want good healthcare, they want public safety. They don't wanna be used as political props for Donald Trump and his campaign that like they need help and that's what we need to, and then she has an affordable, like the, the real problem that that led the city manager in Springfield to send a letter to Congress that JD Vance was copied on. That started this whole thing was we've had this influx of immigration over the last couple years and it's driven up some housing prs made housing tough here for people. So we need help with housing. Didn't say we need help on immigration because it was all legal immigration. Right? And they believe that the immigrants have benefited the economy and the city as a whole.

(41m 30s):
But we do need help with some housing. Well, Kamala Harris has got a great housing plan that she can talk about, and JD Vance and Donald Trump don't give a shit about housing, nor do they give a shit about anyone in Springfield having healthcare. You know. so I might just drive that. Yeah. I think this is also something you can make fun of at a big rally. Oh yeah. I think you start with just mocking this and then I, I do want you have to land at this serious point, but I just sat for saying like, what are these fucking people talking about? These people are outta their minds. They, they're ranting and raving about this made up stuff. They sound ridiculous. They are ridiculous, they're embarrassing. Like kind of like, just like, just mock them mercilessly moments Like this remind you that Trump also is backed by a right wing propaganda apparatus. Like the New York Post did a story about a Haitian motorist who made an illegal turn in Springfield, Ohio.

(42m 15s):
This is the headline smashes into mom driving with autistic daughter. So this was a minor traffic incident with no injuries involving licensed drivers, hundreds of miles from New York that somehow make it to the page of the New York Post. Hmm. I wonder why that they Got an Ohio traffic reporter on Pete Reporter. Okay.

(42m 33s):
Two quick things before we go to break. As usual, we're asking all of you who love this show to share this episode with five friends and to subscribe To Pod, Save America on Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. Second, today is National Voter Registration Day and Vote Save America is just a few thousand volunteers away from hitting its goal of 75,000 volunteers who have so far reached out to over 3 million voters this election cycle alone. If you are one of those volunteers, thank you for stepping up to make a difference. If you're listening to this show, chances are you're already registered. We hope, Actually no chances are you're not already registered. We know how many people listen to this show. Most of you have not done a goddamn thing. Go sign up And register to vote. Oh, Register vote. Yeah, you're probably registered to vote, but sign up for the volunteer program. Chances are you also know someone who isn't registered to vote. That's also important or who needs help figuring it out or who hasn't been yelled at by Lovett yet. Vote Save America makes it incredibly easy whether you voted in every election or never before. So we can all make our voices heard. This November you can register to vote, apply for your mail-in ballot and learn about your state's voting deadlines in under two minutes. Get involved and sign up at Vote Save America dot com slash vote. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com. And this ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.

(43m 51s):
This podcast is brought to you by eHarmony the dating app to find someone you can be yourself with. What makes eHarmony so special? You know really the profiles and conversations are different on eHarmony and that's what makes it great. eHarmony's compatibility quiz brings out everyone's personality on their profile and highlights similarities on your discovery page. So it's even easier to start a conversation that actually goes somewhere. So what are you waiting for? Get who gets you on eHarmony, sign up today.

(44m 21s):
I am Emmy nominee Lewis Fertel, which is the only way I'll be saying my name from now until eternity. And don't forget, I am Emmy voter Ira Madison iii. I just shuttered, so keep it cute. Typically in the crooked universe, we leave the politics. Talk to John, John and Tommy. But as soon as Kamala went brat and JD Vance went drag baby, that's when the Pod bros needed to call in the girls. And By the girls we mean us. The host of Crooked Media's Pop culture podcast. Keep it. Each week we make sense of all the Hollywood headlines and viral moments taking over your timeline. And we have guests if Favreau is giving you Buttigieg, we're giving you Kate Blanche. Truly She is to us. What Tim Walls is to you. And that should explain everything. Stream New episodes of Keep It Every Wednesday, wherever you get your podcast.

(45m 14s):
Kamala's continuing to do more interviews. She's doing a live stream with Oprah from Michigan this week. And over the weekend she sat down with the local a, b, C affiliate in Philly, made no news whatsoever. You guys think that's the right strategy? What, what do you think about the interview stuff? Yeah, I mean I think you're not, you're not doing the Philly interview to make news with a b, C affiliate. You are doing it to get more coverage on that station in that market. so I think if, if the worst that comes of this is that Axios is mad that you didn't You know, create a headline for them, like that is fine. So she should be doing way more of this stuff. In 2007 in the primary in Iowa, we did local news at every event you got more coverage if you did that. And 90, 90% of the time it was about like substantive policy stuff. And 1% of the time it was about why you didn't wear a flag pin.

(45m 56s):
And that controversy dogged you until the end of time. Yeah, It's like, sounds very specific. You Don't KCRG, you Make news at the national level to try to reach the people at the local level who might otherwise not have known whatever else you were talking about that day. You're, you're talking to the people, you're, you've done the, the local interview is how you get to those people. I like, I think Kamala Harris should be making news, do it at a rally, like make news about this at a rally. You don't need to make news in a local interview. Yeah, yeah. It's also just do more of these, do more local tv like you, you part of this process. Like it's great to do the local TV hit when you're in Philly, but the next step is do a satellite tour when you're sitting in Philly. So you're talking to stations in North Carolina and Pennsylvania and Georgia and like everywhere.

(46m 35s):
Yeah. And I thought that watching the interview, it was a good interview. Like as she went on again, she looked more comfortable and especially, and sounded more comfortable, especially she got to issues of public safety and criminal justice and, and gun safety where she has like worked a lot. You know. I think the economic stuff can be like a touch tighter and more comparative with Donald Trump even in local interviews when you're not making news. Like he wants a tax cut for the rich, I want a tax cut for the middle class. He wants this, I want this. And just sort of do that. But I think again, it just, you just keep taking swings at these You Know Yeah, take swings and then find ways to elevate the things you wanna talk about. Like for example, I saw a story today in ProPublica about a woman in Atlanta who died because she had a complication from a medication abortion and then could not get a completely routine procedure called A DNC to fix it.

(47m 22s):
And that is because earlier this year, Georgia made it a felony punishable by up to a decade in prison to perform that procedure. So go to Atlanta to stay with their family, talk to the doctors in the state, do a press conference, do TV interviews, like talk about the fact that this, this woman's 6-year-old kid now doesn't have a mom because she couldn't get a completely routine procedure in the state. Like that is like this woman Amber Thurman. Like that is the kind of story that I think makes news locally, makes news nationally, gets you on the train you wanna talk about and highlights like a huge contrast in this election. And I also think you're right that some of this stuff you want to do is like a, a topper or an insert at a rally speech. But I do think something like that, of course is, is great to do in a local interview knowing that When you tell this story in a local interview, not only will it make news in that local station, but national reporters will pick that up and it'll be, it will drive national coverage as well.

(48m 15s):
Right. so I think you can do both. Republicans constantly do this, but it's like, it's always some grizzly murder of a white girl by like a migrant, right? That's like what they look for. We should be highlighting stories like this one. Yep. Absolutely. Speaking of, of made up Republican stories, they're also circulating a tweet now from an anonymous, an anonymous right-wing account called Black Insurrectionist. I follow back True Patriots. That's the, that's the whole Twitter head. This account posted a completely unverified affidavit from an A, b, C whistleblower that says everyone at a BC news wanted Harris to win. They gave the Harris campaign a list of questions ahead of time, and they promised not to raise certain topics.

(48m 57s):
This is That the whistleblower G is goofy. It's Disney. Wow. The whistleblower is goofy. Wow. Okay. Another post that was not black insurrection was some random blog Sure. Said that whistleblower has now died in a car accident also. Oh no, they got 'em, they got Marjorie Taylor Green shared that one, I believe. Yeah. And Ted Cruz shared the, the black in Insurrectionist, of course, affidavit. GOP donor Bill Ackman quote tweeted it at Bob Iger Disney, CEO O Bob Iger demanding a full investigation. He's at Angel City Gang going, what's this now? Like, I just raised this 'cause, is this something that takes seriously, or is this just chum for the MAGA base?

(49m 42s):
And we all just, although there's like, there was a re Republican House member on TV saying like, we should have a congressional investigation into this, into A B, C, which I think is great. 'cause then they can just play footage from the a, b, C debate. Yeah. Just, yeah. Like, and why didn't you follow up here? This is ridiculous. I look, I think this is stupid and in the same way that like, Republicans harping still on Joe Biden I think is good. Like anything that's like, yeah, yeah. You know. I don't think Martha Ratts is gonna get a lot of electoral votes at this rate. You know. But, but, but I do think there is something serious happening, which is that there was like some kind of blood brain barrier between senators and right wing cranks on the internet, even like right wing cranks who were also venture capitalists.

(50m 29s):
Like there used to be some standard, like a senator wouldn't just share something so inflammatory and obviously stupid because they had some respect either for their constituents themselves or the country, some combination. Those things, things seem to be gone. And like this conspiratorial mindset is really dangerous. It is just dangerous. You know, like Ron DeSantis goes to the, to the microphones and says Florida's gonna be conducting its own investigation into the assassination attempt. Why? because We can't department the trust, the Department of Justice. Why? Because they have launched this witch hunt against, against Donald Trump. And some Of them are like, oh, the FBI's in on it. There were, there were moles in the secret service in the FBI that were, that that planned the assassination attack.

(51m 11s):
I mean This is what? This is what they're, and look, I think that, again, squaring the circle between they are dangerous and plotting all this, and they are a bunch of fucking clowns. They are a bunch of fucking clowns who shouldn't have power because the consequences are very dangerous when you have a bunch of clowns who tweet this shit and you give them some power and you give them subpoena power and they can pass laws, and God forbid Donald Trump becomes president of the United States. Or like, that's a, it's a, it's a, it's scary. And the guardrails that used to exist are just gone. Like, there was a difference between how elected Republicans spoke and right wing radio hosts and commentators spoke. Those Republicans in elected office very much enjoyed the way in which those hosts and people inflamed the base, but they didn't fully embrace it.

(51m 59s):
They kept some distance, they kept some respect for their institutions, for the truth, for their role. And that's, that being gone is very dangerous. It tells you what kind of Republican party will be in power if Donald Trump wins. Yeah. The kinda Republican party that's gonna, his You know chief of staff, Laura Loomer flying around with Donald Trump. Don't, don't get many ideas. I I, yeah. I I kind of think this is a problem that goes beyond the elected Republican party because it just, it shows that misinformation and disinformation is coming from literally anywhere. Like this is not ai, this is not a deep fake, it's not a cheap fake. It's someone tweeting essentially a Word document with a bunch of allegations in it, and all of a sudden it is just going everywhere.

(52m 41s):
Like Bill Ackman is a wildly successful huge asshole, but hedge fund person who should, in his job, be able to vet good and bad information to make stock trades. Instead, he's sharing this to millions and millions of people to manning response from Bob Iger via Twitter. You know you have Elon Musk sharing this stuff. I I Mean all these, all these, I'm telling you, all these rich people, they've had too much time on their hands and they've spent too much time online and all their brains have been fucking pickled by the internet. It's Just, it's so, it's so funny though, like the years and years and years, we heard that You know social media sites were too liberal and biased towards progressives. And you got Elon Musk sharing this stuff, and now I think I read today he spent more than $30 million on his super PAC to help Trump You know.

(53m 26s):
It's just like so, so thoroughly tilted the other direction in terms of You know Twitter being just a You know, feeding ground for all things maga. And yet we're still locked into this idiotic framework where people complain about liberal bias in tech. But even Like, yes, I agree with all that, but even without Elon Musk and, and these right wingers kind of taking over Twitter, there is something inherent to a kind of media that encourages paranoia, that encourages people to share false information, to not be able to trust information that rewards right wing politics. I mean, I think we see this all over the world. It's not Bill Ackman and Elon Musk, why we see rightwing movements all over the world.

(54m 6s):
There is something inherent to this kind of technology that is like really inflaming people's worst instincts. And like, it doesn't sup it, I guess it shouldn't surprise me that it applies. That applies to people that are kind of just living their lives. And it applies to elected officials and highly successful people who have the same fucking adult broken brain. But it does a Little bit. It's believing in conspiracies and, and misinformation. It has nothing to do with level of education wealth. It's, it can happen to anyone. Partisan identification even. Right? Yeah. Like we've seen some, we've seen some loonie on the left too online for sure. They just happen not to be in elected office And they just get amplified Easier now. Which, which is the difference.

(54m 46s):
What do you think Laura Loomer Press Secretary? Yeah, that's what they've been saying before. That's what she wants. She wants press secretary Trump did call her a fri. We, Dan and I talked a little bit about this on Friday's Pod, then Donald Trump was asked about her at an event, and his answer was really, he was just sort of like, she's a free spirit. She's a free spirit. She's been a supporter of mine. I can't control what she Says. Yeah, it sounds it sounds like someone who doesn't wear shoes sometimes as opposed to just a right wing Maniac. Like Yeah, no, I know. Yeah. She definitely picks wild flowers. I agree. Free Spirit free. Sure. She's Like a free spirit white nationalist. Yeah. And, and proud self proclaimed, proud Islamophobe. Yeah. That's who she is. So before we go, Monday was also quite a big day for World Liberty Financial, which is neither a bank that collapsed during the financial crisis, nor a company from one of those reverse mortgage ads.

(55m 34s):
It is in fact a new crypto lending platform. And cryptocurrency launched with just 50 days left until the election by Donald Trump and his two adult sons. Here's Trump doing a teaser. Join me live on Twitter spaces at 8:00 PM the September 16th for the launch of World Liberty Financial. We're embracing the future with crypto and leaving the slow and outdated big banks behind. Ah, Unfortunately, we are recording this just one hour before this event, so we have no idea what will happen. But I'm betting, I'm betting that nothing, it won't go seamlessly because on Twitter spaces, can I make a Prediction again, here's my prediction.

(56m 18s):
If Donald Trump is not elected the next president of the United States, there will be federal indictments related to this. That's my prediction. Okay. I'm just gonna throw it out there just if, if, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I could be wrong, but if I'm right, remember, Well, Tommy, are you gonna buy or not? Well, Unfortunately, my shares of DJ t stock are underwater. so I can't really, I dunno, have a lot of liquidity. Well, you, you're gonna wait, you're, you're gonna wait for those, for those, the values to recover. Hey, Buy low so high. I think they say, but yeah, no, I just think credit to them for finding something more scammy sounding than the Lee Greenwood Bible Pack they were selling earlier this Year. That like, that takes work. I mean just the amount, the amount of different ways you can just pump money into this guy's pocket, like Endless behind The, behind the scenes.

(56m 58s):
Now it's like you could stay at Trump properties, you can buy Trump stock. Apparently you can now buy crypto Trump trading cards. NFT business, NFT Business, The new Save America Coffee table book where he threatens Mark Zuckerberg with jail time. Well, that's just in a coffee table book of pictures. That's just, that's something that's happening. you know what, You know what? I don't Lovett but better than a Tom Ford book. Everybody has Random Boring architecture. Yeah. We got Melania Trump. She's got a new book out. Oh, wow. You have a book of photos from Madrid, a place you've never been. She's, she's promoting her book with a video that suggests that the Butler shooting might've been a conspiracy. Yeah. So all, everything is either a vote getting attempt or a moneymaking attempt from the, from the Trump and, and really the vote getting attempt is just a, a future moneymaking attempt.

(57m 45s):
Really. I, Yes, I, you know what I was thinking about when I saw this? I, I was like, okay, what is the, what is the polling right now if Donald Trump was wholly committed to doing what he should do to win? And like, it actually is like kind of a chilling, like I'm glad he is launching crypto and that Melania is putting out conspiracy theories to, to sell her her book, which I'm sure will be a wonderful beach read, but like look and rambling about eating pets. How fortunate we are that in this 50 50 country, this guy is out there doing this shit. I don't think it's for shit. I look, the, the Trump Media and Technology Group Corp is DJ T Stock. You can watch it just go up and down based on where he is in the polling.

(58m 24s):
When he has a bad day, like after the debate, it dropped. When he has a good day and his number goes up and the 5 38 average, it goes up. It's just like, its a way to bribe him by buying the stock, Which is silly because they'll be, you'll be able to bribe him with cash. Right. This is just much more efficient. Like, whatcha doing. He he takes Cash also. He's not gonna know what to do with crypto. Yeah, He's, he's like, I don't, don't do, so they give me computers. Don Jr they gimme computers and we sell the computers. How does, how do I make Money here? Do I just give some, do I just give someone a laptop at the store? Yeah. Yeah. You Guys make fake coins and hand it to them. Oh, Okay. So before we go, we just want to briefly discuss an upcoming event that will likely eclipse the crypto announcement in both media attention and importance.

(59m 13s):
We here at Pod Save America are very proud to announce that we've been given an exclusive preview of this fall's October Surprise. Let's listen. Oh, no. A lot of people think of Survivor as a test of endurance, as an experiment in deprivation, but in the end it comes down to a vote and you call it a jury. But really that's an election. And so for me, I think of Survivor more than anything as an experiment and democracy.

(59m 59s):
Hell yeah. That's cool. I didn't hear that. I had never heard that. Whoa. What? That's George Washington. Yeah, That's good. That was good. I am sweating through my clothes, but it was good Lovett to not know we were gonna play that. That was just had idea. An Exclusive clip we got from, from CCB S Yeah, that's right. Came Right to us. That's right. It was supposed to be a surprise for you Survivor when Jeff props was like, how do I fold this season Into the election cycle? Did you have that line ready or did you have to noodle on it for a bit? I came to Jeff with that. Yeah, you did. I like that. He's the idea guy. No, we, no, I'm excited. Wednesdays, Wednesdays starting this week. This Week. Fuck. Where can people watch On CBS? You remember CBS sort of. It's the, it's where the vvc Of course, of course. Yeah. So you'll watch it on CBS and then you'll, you'll tell me how big theory it's, yeah, no, it's happening.

(1h 0m 45s):
How you feeling about your, your edit? That's really, you know what, So far that clip so far so good. Seems we'll See. We'll, Mostly music. That music Was Exciting. I like the strings. Ah, You know. Look, You know you, you put your faith in the, in the, in the hands of the survivor. God, see what happens. Slip some crypto to those editors Over there. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. Steal. Yeah, I did. Yes. I, the one thing I, spoiler alert, I did an insurrection. Gonna, was gonna say you Guys just stormed Jeff probes. Well everyone tune in to see what happens. I sure will be. That's our show for today. Dan and Aisa will be back with a new show on Wednesday.

(1h 1m 26s):
Bye, everybody. If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cr.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick.

(1h 2m 7s):
Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, ki Aviv, and David Toles.