(20s):
Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, Trump reacts to more bad economic news by telling Americans to stop buying our kids so many Toys. It's a real thing. He also admits that he's not following a Supreme Court order, in part because he seems to believe that a photoshopped picture of Kilmore abrego Garcia's knuckles is real. We'll talk about what's going on in our elderly president's, big, beautiful brain. We'll also talk about how Democrats are responding to Trump's first a hundred days, including my conversation with Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer, who told me she believes we're in the middle of a constitutional crisis, just one day after she hugged the man responsible before an event where she thanked him for saving a Michigan Air Force base.

(1m 2s):
Lots going on with Gretchen Whitmer. So tune in for that later. But let's start with the breaking news, Dan. We got a shakeup. We got our first big a shakeup White House shake up. What's happening? Trump announced that National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, who started the world's most famous group chat, is being nominated for UN Ambassador, and that Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, will also serve as Interim National Security Advisor. It's been reported that Waltz's Deputy Alex Wong will also step down from his job. The news came as a surprise to just about everyone in Washington, including Rubio's State Department spokesperson. Tammy Bruce, who found out in the middle of her briefing. Let's listen. The president has just written on truth social that Mike Waltz is gonna become the new US Ambassador to the United Nations.

(1m 48s):
Well, there you, You go. Fabulous. And in addition to that, he says that in the interim, secretary of State, Marco Rubio will serve as National Security Advisor while continuing his strong leadership at the State Department. Do you know how long? Yeah. He's going to be serving in both roles. It is clear that I just heard this from you. I, you know, I'm, I'm no expert here, but is that what usually happens in the briefings? The spokespeople learn news from the reporters When it does. It's very interesting. So the guy who started Signal Gate is now up for a job that requires a Senate confirmation hearing. Little Marco gets a second job and more opportunities for Trump to emasculate him in public in Trump's pal, Laura Loomer, the Proud Islamophobe.

(2m 37s):
And nine 11 Truther is taking credit for Waltz and Wong's departure. She texted a one word message to Politico loomed. What do you make of all this? Where would you like to begin With Lure as a verb. Yeah, that's a, oh, that's a whole thing. Yeah, it's, yeah, she looms people. That's Great. I feel like you should turn Favreau into a verb. Favre. What, what does that mean? Well, whenever you, whenever you beat someone in a Twitter fight, I don't, I'll just respond with Fav Road six exclamation points. Please don't do that. Please don't do that. Here's what I think to make of this whole thing. It is not unusual, although 102 days is an unusually short period of time, but it's not unusual for a president to have to make a personnel change early.

(3m 20s):
You know, you hire these people, maybe they fit in, maybe they're not the right person. You gotta make a change. So hiring the wrong person is not the sin here. The sin is how they executed this. Just like do the timeline of events here. Well, signal Gate was weeks ago when everyone called for his firing. Trump defended him, said it wasn't a big deal, sent out every Republican in America to defend him. Then Michael Wal goes out on TV this morning to show for the administration. Then it is leaked to disgrace, Whitewing journalist, mark Halprin, that these firings are happening. Then no one in the White House seems to know. So it takes a long time for anyone of consequence to be able to confirm it. Then hours later, as you pointed out, Trump announces via true social that Mike Wallace gonna become the ambassador to the United Nations, A job that is vacant 102 days administration.

(4m 6s):
Because Donald Trump had to pull the nomination of the person of Elise Stefanik, because like Mike Wallace, he had nominated a bunch of people from the most, from the house during the most narrow house majority in like a century. There's Senate confirmation for that. It is also a job where it's bad to invite reporters to group chats involving top secret information. He has no plan for who is gonna replace Mike Wall. So he appoints the Secretary of State, a person who has an entirely other job that requires them to travel the world, making it very hard to be the interim national security advisor. A job that largely requires you to be in the White House running a policy process. Well, it requires you to be in the White House unless you conduct most of your job over signal.

(4m 50s):
I Get that. That is true. That is a good point. And so the, just the a and then the Tammy Bruce that he points Marco Rubio that, but no one in the State Department, Marco Rubio might've learned in that moment with Tammy Bruce that he was being the International Security Advisor. It's just, I like to think that's probably what Happened. This is, there's so many hard things that happened for president. So many tough decisions, so many tough things. And when they can, they screw up the easy stuff. It should make you really worried about the hard stuff. And they fumbled every bit of this throughout the process. It's just, it's, it's a giant Mess. What, what happened to the, what happened to Susie Wiles running a tight ship? Yeah, I just, I never really bought that one. John, She, even around the a hundred days, there's some interview where she's like, yeah, her, she succeeded because she never tries to calm Trump down or change things or anything.

(5m 36s):
But she does. She's really good at creating a process and like getting things in order for the process. I'm like, it seems like this process got away from her a little bit. It seems like they all do. So everyone obviously like went right to Signal Gate on why Waltz lost his job, got a promotion, who knows what it is. But, you know, the Atlantic did some reporting on this and apparently like Signal Gate was just one of many issues that he had. But way before Signal Gate, there was this view that he wasn't MAGA enough for the rest of the crew. That he was too much of a NeoCon. Too much of a hawk. Hence The Luing. Hence the Luing. Yes. He didn't play well with others.

(6m 16s):
Couldn't manage his staff. Well, apparently not only did he piss off Laura Loomer, because I guess he wasn't enough of a fucking lunatic, but he pissed off Susie Wiles speaking of Susie Wiles, because he treated her like staff reportedly. When, when that's not what you do to the White House chief of staff. 'cause she's the chief Of Staff. Staff. Could you, could you read me back Susie Wallace's title again? Yeah. She was, she would be the Chief of Staff. Yes. Chief of staff there. I remember one of, I think it was maybe Dennis McDonough telling us he'd gotten some advice from former chiefs of staff. And the best chiefs of staff are the ones who think the emphasis goes on staff not chief. Mm. Yeah. Seems like Susie Wallace follows false in the former category there.

(6m 57s):
Right. It was also funny, right after this he, Mike Waltz announcement, there was a, there was a picture of him that Reuters caught from yesterday's cabinet meeting, Wednesday's cabinet meeting, or Tuesday, whenever the fuck it was. And it's just a picture of him on Signal. And they zoom in and you can see he's got a conversation with JD Vance and one with Marco Rubio. And a, and a call from Tulsi Gabbard. And another message from Steve Woff, Just So he just has his phone out in view of the cameras, texting people on signal. We just, yes.

(7m 37s):
That is irresponsible, as we've said before, to it's irresponsible use signal. It's irresponsible use signal on live television. But it's also a violation of the Presidential Records Act. Yeah. He's doing, they're doing all of this to avoid creating records that could then be subpoenaed one day by non obsequious prosecutors or a Democratic majority or whatever else. And we just, that keeps getting glossed over by the EDC of adding Jeff Goldberg to the group chat. Right? Yeah. There is a, I mean we've, yeah, we've, we've skipped over the whole Presidential Records Act. You're required, blah, blah, blah, that bullshit. Just so what are your thoughts on whether Mike Waltz actually gets confirmed to be the UN ambassador?

(8m 19s):
'cause he's now gonna have to do a confirmation hearing like he's answered some reporters questions or He, he used to answer a few reporters questions about signal. A lot of what he said to the reporters was just lies. Now he's gonna have to go to a Senate confirmation hearing, be under oath and answer even more questions about signal, which is probably not great for him. Not great for Pete Hehe not great for any of them. You raising these questions or has happened before anyone? The Trump administration raised those questions. Unless, unless this was like punishment. Maybe it's not a promotion. Maybe it's just punishment. Then You have to, I is Donald Trump realizing that he asked this guy to give up his congressional career for 102 days of humiliating servitude and was just looking for a place to put him.

(9m 3s):
And also, if you look, there was some reporting on this before that one of the reasons why Trump did not fire him in the outset was he didn't want to give his critics a win. So by being able to pretend that this is some sort of promotion to this necessary but vacant position, he can continue to live in that reality. When you actually get, will he actually get confirmed? I think that's an open question. This is an easy, not an easy note. Trump doesn't care about this guy. So this isn't like sinking RFK Jr. Or heg Seth. Like, will he be able to answer those questions under oath? Will that go well? It's a good question. Who knows? I mean, one thing's for sure. It guarantees that the whole signal scandal is in the news for another day. Yeah. Someday down the line, whatever the hearing is.

(9m 44s):
So that's fun. We had actually, people had stopped talking about signal and so Trump waited to the exact moment when it finally faded from the news to then Fire guy, bring it back up this guy and bring it right back up again. Just master communicator. That one. Well, excited for Marco for his new job. Just more, more opportunities to be humiliated. Can I give you a take on this? Yeah. I think this is the way in which he gets Marco out and see what cough in Oh, out like for good, for good, for good, for good. From both. From all the jobs. Oh, well, no, he makes him, He makes Marco also has a, Marco has a third job by the way that we should mention, which he is the National Archist. National Archivist. Does, does he, is he no longer running U-S-A-I-D? Well, U-S-A-I-D is like officially done. I mean, it, it doesn't Exist.

(10m 24s):
Yeah. Whatever foreign aid we still have is within the State Department. So in that sense, he's there. But He's like the security guard at a zombie mall, basically. Yes, he's got all the important jobs, Marco. But I think what I think happens here is he does his job for a while. Trump decides he is, he should do the job he gives up, forces him to give up his State Department job. Whi KA comes in and now Trump has his punching bag with him every single day. The problem is, it's hard to hum humiliate Rubio when he's off in different time zones all the time. Now he will be down the hall. Yeah. I mean, the only way that he could humiliate Rubio more at this point is to put an actual dog collar around him and like have a chain.

(11m 4s):
Just make him Where Rubio is just walking next to Trump on all fours. I mean, can we get that from the pot, from the Potter art That this is the first a hundred days. So I, I, I hope someone is going, is going to an AI image creator and seeing if we can get that made. I'm thinking of the thinking of the sea. The end of what? That movie, what was it? This is the end. Remember the Yes. Remember the one with, you know the scene I'm talking about Seth Rogan? Yes. No. Yeah. Anyway, that's what I'm thinking about.

(11m 42s):
Pos Save of America's. Brought to you by Haya. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals and other gummy additives growing kids should never eat. That's why Haya created a superpowered chewable vitamin. While many children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar, which is known to contribute to a variety of health issues, including making your kids bounce off the wall for a few hours. Haya is made with zero sugar and zero gummy additives. It tastes great and it's perfect for picky eaters. Like my son Charlie Haya fills in the most common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment our kids need with a yummy taste. They love Emily's. Emily's picky too. Yeah. Yeah. That's why. So butter noodles for the two of them. The whole, yeah, the whole, yeah. Butter noodles is, I come home and there's just, oh, it's butter noodles again. So that's why I'm always eating on my own. That's sad. Teddy will eat anything. Teddy's gonna be the needer like me. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Formulated with the help of pediatricians and nutritional experts. Highest pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies. Then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immune system energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free allergy free, gelatin free nut free. And everything else you can imagine. Every single batch is third party tested for heavy metals and microbiomes in a qualified GMP compliant lab using scientifically validated testing methods so you know the project is safe and nutritious. I was not worried about my vitamins having heavy metals in them, but it's good to know and cross that off the list. Hi, it's designed for kids tune up and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about, like heavy metals. Like I said, we love high vitamins. Charlie's been taking them for a couple years now, ever since they were started being a sponsor a couple years ago. And boy, he loves them and we love that they don't have sugar in them and we love that he's getting all his vitamins and minerals now. And are you tired of battling with your kids to eat their greens? Haya now has kids daily greens and superfoods, a chocolate flavored greens powder designed specifically for kids. Packed with 55 plus whole food ingredients to support brain power development and digestion. Just scoop, shake and sip with milk or any non-dairy beverage for a delicious and nutritious boost. Your kids will actually enjoy. We've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order to claim this deal. You must go to hia health.com/crooked. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go do H-I-Y-A-H-E-A-L-T h.com/crooked and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.

(14m 9s):
All right, let's get to something that really matters. Donald Trump's new war on Christmas, which is part of his broader war on the US economy and people who buy things. On Wednesday, we got the news that the economy actually shrank over the first few months of 2025, despite being projected to grow to save you all the trouble of Googling the official definition of a recession, it's two consecutive quarters of the economy shrinking. So one down, one to go. The worst part, the GDP data that we got is from January through March. So before Trump announced his liberation day tariffs that are currently wreaking havoc all over the world in the markets tanking consumer confidence causing all kinds of US companies to warn us about empty shelves, higher prices, factory closings, layoffs.

(14m 55s):
Trump was asked about all this during the cabinet meeting where Mike Welch was very busy on signal and, and boy, boy did Trump nail the answer. Let's listen. Core GDP, and, and this is, you know, you probably saw some numbers today and after, to start off by saying, that's Biden, that's not Trump. Because we came in on January, just a quarterly numbers. So this is Biden. And you can even say the next quarter is sort of Biden because it doesn't just happen on a daily or narrowly basis. They made a trillion dollars when with Biden, a trillion dollars, even 1,000,000,000,001 with Biden selling this stuff. Much of it we don't need, you know, somebody said, oh, the shelves are gonna be open.

(15m 35s):
Well, maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. You know, and maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. But This is a man who told Jeffrey Goldberg and Ashley Parker and Michael Sheer, when they were in the Oval Office to look up at the ceiling. 'cause it's covered in 24 karat gold. Yes. Who needs, who needs the extra dolls for Christmas? So an actual line that the man said, the president of the United States, as you might imagine, this one's breaking through. Even the New York Post, Rupert Murdoch's, New York Post made it Thursday's cover story with the headline skimp on the Barbie.

(16m 20s):
And that is fucking great. That is, they know what they're doing at the New York Post. They're Very good at headlines. Gotta hand it to 'em. They're really bad at other things. But headlines, they're very good at Skimp on the Barbie. Trump admits that tariffs will raise some prices cause shortages. Donald Trump has obviously said a countless number of dumb and politically damaging things in the decade we've been covering him. This has to be in the top five, top 10, top 20. What do you think? Top 10? At least it would Top 10, right? Be mentally painful for us and the audience to try to go through them in one by one to figure out to rank them. Yeah. That would be bad content, I think. I mean, dumb is impossible, but if you're actually, if you're also including politically damaging, you know, the guy gets elected again against the odds because they think, ah, well at least, at least he'll be good for the economy and he'll bring prices down.

(17m 15s):
Then he's like, fuck you, you don't need that many Toys. Right? Well, in the moment it's just another crazy thing he said. But as the weeks go on and the shelves get empty and the prices go up, this becomes more painful. And then when you put it in the context of you're telling people to do without Toys, to be willing that you should just suck it up and pay more for things at the same time that he is trying to pass a massive tax cut for rich people, paid for by cutting healthcare for working class people and stuffing his pockets full of billions of dollars of foreign crypto money. Like you need that in context. And this will be one of those things where will this fade away like all the other Trump things?

(17m 56s):
Well, that's actually something we all control, right? And so it's up to Democrats and everyone else to remind people of this when the shelves are empty, right? The we are, we are weeks away from this. The last container ships filled with stuff that was pre tariffs have come and the next ones are gonna be empty or with more expensive stuff. There's just an announcement today that Microsoft is raising the price of Xboxes by 25% and the stuff that we need for the holiday season. Those Toys, that is the stuff coming now and in the coming weeks, all under the tariff regime. That line about the Toys, which you could combine with any number of statements from Donald Trump and the rest of his administration on like, we don't need cheap goods.

(18m 36s):
We don't need TVs. Americans are buying too much shit. Who cares? Little bit of pain. No big deal. I mean, there's just line after line like this should, these should be burned into the minds of the American people so that they can recite them in their sleep. That is, that is how much content adds everything else the Democrats should be putting out on this. It like you, you shouldn't be able to go anywhere without hearing that line from Donald Trump about the Toys, billboards, Especially around Christmas, billboards outside of Targets and Walmarts is what we need. Oh man. Steven Miller tried to clean this up at the, at his briefing today where he was screaming about how children must learn to love America in our schools.

(19m 17s):
They will learn to love America. And someone asked him about this and he said, if you have, look, if you have a choice between a doll from China that might have lead paint on it and not be well constructed and, and a doll from America that's made with great environmental standards, which Trump is repealing all of them, you'd probably be willing to pay more for the American doll as a, there Are no American dolls. A Steven DI think Amer, I think the American doll might be made in China. I have to check on that. I think like 80% of Toys that we buy in this country, I think It's higher than that. It Is, yeah. I mean now that's what Stephen milk, it would be nice if we had a doll industry in America to supplement these Chinese dolls and maybe it'd be a little more expensive to buy high quality non-lead paint like union made dolls.

(20m 5s):
But those don't exist. That's not a thing. Doesn't exist. Doesn't exist. That's what Steven Miller's saying. Three Trump officials told Rolling Stone that they're already stockpiling goods at target, bulk toilet paper, food, household supplies. They're also stashing cash reserves in their homes in DC And, and the reason they're doing this is because, and this was a quote, one of them gave Rolling Stone. It would be stupid not to Explain the cash reserves because I understand the other stuff That's, that's a little frightening. What Do we not know that they know about the banking system right now? I know that is somewhat alarming. That is somewhat alarming. Also, here's from the, the US also, sorry, if these guys were true Trump fans, they would've been stocking themselves with Trump coins.

(20m 50s):
Oh yeah, yeah. That is a good idea. The Trump meme coins, that's a perfect, perfect, perfect story about the Trump economy. You can't get actual things on the shelves, but you can buy the fake coins that make the president richer. Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect. The US Toy Association, which is what represents all the toy manufacturers in the United States says, quote, we have a frozen supply chain that is putting Christmas at risk. If we don't start production soon, there's a high probability of a toy shortage this holiday season. Are you, so are you, you gonna start buying your kids Toys for Christmas now? I feel like, don't they should go on Amazon tonight and start buying some stuff? I Don't. Here's the thing. Just, I, I wish I could, but the odds that they were gonna, what they like now is what they're gonna like in December.

(21m 32s):
So you Possible to imagine that you're you're right. I know, I know, I know. It's just buy some Legos. What's your take on the, on the effectiveness of blaming Joe Biden for this one, as Trump has been doing, I, I would note that all the way back before Trump took office when stocks were going up, Trump posted, this is the Trump stock market because his theory then was the stock market was going up because everyone was so excited that Donald Trump got elected and was about to become president. Now the stock market's down Joe Biden's fault. Yeah, I don't think this one's gonna work. John, let me just give you three poll numbers that go at the core of the flaw on Trump's argument in the N-P-R-P-B-S Marris College poll that came out last week, 60% of Americans said the current economic conditions are mostly a result of Trump's policies, while only 39% city inherited them.

(22m 18s):
In the CBS news u gov poll, 54% said that Trump's policies were more responsible for the state of the economy. Only 21% said about, about Biden. And in the Gallup poll, 89% of Americans say that tariffs, Trump's signature policy will lead to higher prices. I mean, yeah, well I I guess all those Americans in the majority nailed it. 'cause that's the truth. Yeah, they're exactly right. I mean, it is fascinating how Trump screwed this up because as we know all too well for the, almost the entirety of Obama's first term, if you ask people who was more responsible for the state of the economy, they would pick bush over Obama. 'cause they understood that the financial crisis happened before Obama.

(23m 0s):
There was a world in which Trump could have come in and like he would never actually do this, but a smart normal human would say, we didn't get in this mess overnight. It's gonna take us a while to get out of it, but we're gonna be working on it. Instead, he declared it several times when the campaign that prices would go down immediately inflation would be vanquished. And so he set expectations the wrong way and then put in place a policy designed to do the exact opposite of what he ran on. And so, no, I don't think blaming Joe Biden is going to work here Though. They are doing the, the, the old Biden strategy of, you know, yet Stephen Miller, they'll be like, egg prices are down and actually inflation is down and grocery prices are down. It's like, all right, man, you tell us all the made up statistics you want about how great the fucking economy is when the shelves are empty and the prices have risen and the factories close and the people are laid off, guess what?

(23m 51s):
We're gonna know. It's bullshit. Yeah. People, they're, they see the price of eggs. They know. We haven't even had the chance to talk about the Amazon story from earlier this week. There was reporting on Monday that the company was considering displaying the cost of Trump's tariffs next to products on its website, which got me very excited. The White House, the White House immediately went to war, calling it a hostile and political act. Trump then called up as New Pal Jeff Bezos and wouldn't, you know, Amazon put out a statement saying the tariff indicator was only under consideration for Amazon Hall Marketplace, which competes directly with Chinese retailers that have actually been displaying the tariff price increases. Meanwhile, UPS has, it's going to lay off 20,000 people and close 73 facilities because of lower volume from Amazon.

(24m 36s):
Some of that is pre-planned, but the CEO acknowledged on an earnings call that the tariffs are creating huge uncertainty saying the world hasn't been faced with such enormous potential impacts to trade in more than 100 years. Making history again. Is that a Smoot Hawley reference? I think it might be, yeah. Yeah. GM also said on Thursday that it stands to lose four to $5 billion in profit this year because of the tariffs. Question for you, why would it have been a hostile and political act for Amazon to let consumers know about the impacts of the tariffs that Donald Trump loves so much? I thought these tariffs are gonna make us rich. It's gonna make America great again. It's gonna bring back manufacturing.

(25m 17s):
He should be proud of advertising what the tariffs are doing. Why hide them? Well, I think here in the dystopian wannabe dictatorship in which we live Mm, anything that could possibly be described as criticism of the regime is a hostile political act. That's right. It's why Trump is directing the Department of Justice to investigate his critics like Christopher Krebs and Miles Taylor. It's why he's going after companies who he thinks don't have share his interest. That's why they're going after universities. And so yeah, of course they've view this as hostile politic act. Also, most importantly, it exposes the giant idiotic lie at the center of the tariff policy, which is that the foreign government pays the tariff, not you.

(25m 59s):
Does Bezos think a pissed off Trump could do more damage to his companies than Trump's trade war? It seems to be like that's the calculation he's making by being like, oh no, I would never do that. And he's still, he's still playing nice with Trump right now. Like, why not display if, if you real, if if am I guess we will see how the trade war goes as it continues, but like why not display the tariff tax next to each product? I think pretty clearly Trump could do more damage to Jeff Bezos companies than the tariffs could do because Blue Origin, his space company that exists to send Kitty Perry to the moon depends on government contracts.

(26m 41s):
Amazon gets a ton of government contracts for delivery of and logistics stuff. Yeah. The, I imagine if Trump unleashed the regulatory hounds on Amazon. Yeah, right. The, the ftc, all of those things. So they could do real lasting damage if you assume that this trade war has some end date and Amazon is also a reseller of other people's products. The people who is really in their interest to do it is the people who make and sell the products themselves, like car companies. Yeah. Right. So you understand like Amazon, you know, whether they're not necessarily the one, like they're gonna lose business over this, they're gonna lose business whether the tariffs are indicated or not. If you're a, if you're a company that makes a product whose cost is about to go up, you wanna show your people, your customers why that is going up.

(27m 26s):
It wasn't, yeah, that it's not just you jacking prices up Amazon one way or the other. Doesn't, I don't think, may not care that much sense. They should care. It'll be the right thing to do, but that's not really, that's never really been their deal. So Bezos still in, still in Trump's pocket for now. Yeah, it's working out. It's working out great for him, I'd Say. Yeah. It's, he's, he's crushing it. Trump also made some non tariff news during his a hundred days week celebration that might be of interest to the Supreme Court. During a contentious Oval Office interview with ABC's Terry Moran, Trump was asked about the Supreme Court's order that he facilitate the release of Kmar Abrego Garcia. Here's how it went. The order from the Supreme Court stands, sir, He came into our country illegally. You could Get him back. There's a phone on this desk.

(28m 7s):
I could, you could pick it up. I could. And all the power of the presidency. You could call up the president of El Salvador and say, send him back right now. And if he were the gentleman that you say he is, I would do that. But he's not. But The court has ordered you not to facilitate that These release. I'm not the one making this decision. We have lawyers, the president that don't wanna do this with The buck stops In this office. No, no, no, no. I follow the law. You want me to follow the law? If I were the president that just wanted to do anything, I'd probably keep him right where he is, Supreme Court. And on his knuckles, he had MS 13. There's, There's a dispute of that. Well, Wait a minute, wait a minute. He had MS 13 on his Knuck tattoo. Well, he, he had some tattoos that are in interpreted that way. But let's move On. Wait a minute. Terry. Terry, Terry, He did not have the letter.

(28m 48s):
MS One, three, it says MS 13, That was photoshopped. So let just, That was Photoshopped Terry. You care that, hey, they're giving you the big break of a lifetime. You know, you're doing the interview. I picked you because frankly I never heard of you, but that's okay. I picked you, Terry, but you're not being very nice. This is not the most important part of that. But I picked you because I didn't know who you were. I think there's a chance for us, Dan. That's true. We, we, you know, we just gotta get into the right signal chat. Just sneak right in there. So for those of you who missed this particular storyline, what happened there is at some point they had Trump in the oval with the, there are tattoos across Kilmore or Braigo Garcia's knuckles.

(29m 31s):
And the White House decided to Photoshop on top of the photo of the tattoos on his knuckles, MS 13, because they have decided to buy into a conspiracy that the marijuana leaf stands for M and then there's a, an S and then there's this that stands for the one and this that stands for the three. And they've put it all together. There's a bunch of red string on a billboard somewhere. And, and so they gave it to Trump and he held up the picture. It said MS 13, there's of course no MS 13 on his knuckles, which you can see from any picture of him of his knuckles. You can see it in any of the pictures from El Salvador. Also, actual people who've conducted decades of research on MS 13 law enforcement officials who've prosecuted MS 13.

(30m 12s):
They say they've never seen those tattoos associated, well, obviously with 13. Well, Look, why would you possibly do that just right. Like maybe they should get t-shirts and say, I am guilty. Like it's absurd. I think this story has not gotten enough attention. Yeah. You think The president of the United States sat in the Oval Office and communicated to the world a photoshopped image alleging that someone was part of a gang. Also, we've talked about tattoos in relation to the trend, deua Venezuelan migrants that they are shipping to El Salvador, the government, nowhere in any of the court filings or court records or the, the gang worksheet that was filled out by the PG County Cop that no, that ended up getting suspended for misconduct and fired.

(31m 4s):
Nowhere in any of that is the government or anyone alleging that his ties, his alleged ties to MS 13 had anything to do with the tattoos. The tattoos have never come up anywhere. Do you think if he had gone into court that day with MS 13 tattooed on his hands would've been in dispute? No, of course not. And we have the pictures from Chris Van Holland's visit and someone photoshopped it, and then a bunch of fucking yahoos at the White House, either wittingly or unwittingly decided to believe it and then broadcast it to the world. Like, I know the president has immunity, thank you, Supreme Court. But like that is defamation, like hands down.

(31m 48s):
I mean, and I can't tell. It's like, does he, does he truly believe This? He does. He is. He just lying believes truly. I think he truly believes it. I think one of the takeaways in the Oval Office interview, oval Office meeting with, with Bouley in very, the, the way he talked about Terry Moran is he is in a completely fucked up information bubble. Like he does not know what's in the Supreme Court case. Like maybe he is, he has some sense is not as clear cut as the Stephen Miller nine oh thing, but he hasn't read it. He doesn't know, he's not reading anyone who's gonna tell them what the real truth is. Frankly, most people around him don't seem to be either. And I think Trump a hundred percent believes it. And I think some of the people, I don't probably believe it. I think, I think Steven Miller is like a, a pathological liar.

(32m 33s):
Pathological many things. Yeah. Just a sociopath. It's a Pathogen, honestly. Yes. But he is lying all the time about everything. Knows he is lying, doesn't care. And Trump trusts Steven Miller as he has said many times before and told interviewers and everything. So I think that Steven Miller is just feeding him a bunch of shit about immigration and he's just, you know, buying whatever Steven Miller says, because he knows that he doesn't really like immigrants and he wants to get a bunch of people outta the country. And beyond that, he doesn't wanna get into the details, you know? Yeah. He, his natural assumption is that Kmar must be an MS 13. Yes. Yes. And so anything that validates that notion, he will automatically believe.

(33m 14s):
So the, the New York Times also reported this week that the White House has sent a diplomatic note to bile asking him to release Abrego Garcia, which the dictator apparently declined. That of course, contradicts what Trump told Terry Moran about how he could pick up the phone at any moment and get him back. He just doesn't want to because he doesn't think he's a, a good man. But then he also said he didn't, because his lawyers said it wasn't a good idea. How do you think all that's gonna land with the nine justices on the Supreme Court when this inevitably comes back to them? I really can't believe that democracy's gonna hinge on the interpretation of the word facilitate. I know On the merits this would be open and shut.

(33m 57s):
They said you have to do it. He said on national television that he could do it. He said he has not done it. And then they assumed just covered his ass by setting this fake note. The Buley knew to reject. And I think the reason they did that is because if you look at the Supreme Court decision, and they, you know, they draw the distinction between facilitate and effectuate. And you could see a situation where the government says, okay, we tried, we, we asked to get 'em back. But then now Bucha said no. Now this is squarely in the realm of foreign policy and diplomatic relations, and the court can't tell the administration, the executive branch how to run their foreign policy.

(34m 39s):
We tried, sorry, that might have worked, were it not for Trump sitting in the Oval Office telling the world through Terry Moran that actually I could do, I could pick up the phone myself, but I just, I just don't want to, and also my lawyers don't want to, It all comes down to the willingness of the court to force a confrontation with Trump. Yeah. They wrote the decision to give some space to avoid a confrontation, and Trump is now forcing it. And when they come, when push comes to shove, will they actually, again, demand to do it in stronger language. Yeah. And you could see, look, he'll get, I could see Thomas Alito and then who knows who else saying, oh, they did send the diplomatic note, and that's, they tried, you know, so that is, they tried to do that.

(35m 26s):
But I don't, I don't know if that's gonna be enough for anyone, anyone who's a straight shooter. Wow. Also, I Hate to tell you this, John, but Well, look, John Roberts is just calling balls and strikes a judge in Texas, another judge, multiple judges have ruled this now, just ruled today as we're recording this on Thursday, that Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act to send people to El Salvador without due process is illegal. That no, you cannot just say that we are being invaded by a foreign government because you're somehow made the connection that trend Deua is, is, is, is invading the country at the behest of the Venezuelan government. There's just no evidence of that, including by the way the State Department says there's no evidence of that Trump's own State Department.

(36m 12s):
And there's a cable that says that. And so the judge ruled it's illegal. And what's interesting about that is it is a Trump judge. It is another, another conservative Trump judge is like, no. And that's actually a big deal because the, the Supreme Court has not touched this part of this yet, which is Trump's invocation of the Alien Enemies Act Constitutional, is that the appropriate place to use it? And that's gonna end up at the Supreme Court too. And I think that's a tough, I think that's a tough one to prove as well. Not, I'm not a constitutional scholar here, but of course it doesn't fucking allow it. The whole point is that you have to be invaded and you can't just make up fake invasions. Cannot Up fake, Fake invasion from Yeah, Yeah.

(36m 53s):
It, well, well, how will the Supreme Court rule don't know, but once again, on the pure common sense level, they should not be allowed to use this law to deport people without due process. Yeah. And, and at least we've started this case with at least one Trump judge has said, this is a no-no. So we'll see what the others say. One bit of good news we wanted to touch on before moving on. Columbia University activist, Mosen Madi, who was arrested in April at his naturalization interview, was released by a federal judge in Vermont on Wednesday who likened his detention to the McCarthy era. Red Scare speaking outside the courthouse. Madi said, we have to mobilize, we have to organize, we have to invest in peace and center, compassion and empathy. And he told the Trump administration, I am not afraid of you.

(37m 36s):
What do you think? Do you have the sense that the tide may be turning on the, on the student visa purge? Maybe it kind of feels like it. I mean, the, the, the white, the administration has backed off on a lot of it. There's been a lot of very good public demonstration against it and public pressure put in place. And so we'll see. Right? You, you never want to claim victory with the Trump administration on an immigration issue. But it seems like the momentum for what they were doing has stopped in the p and there were two few people when the first cases started happening, where people were afraid to speak up, they were afraid. And that, that seems to have changed. And the fact that people have spoken up, both political leaders, university presidents, others in, you know, the community protestors themselves has changed the tide here.

(38m 20s):
I think that's a positive sign. Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, does have unfortunately, a lot of leeway to terminate visas if he believes the visa holder, the student represents a, a threat to our foreign policy or national security, or, or would, you know, their existence in the country would mean adverse effects for our foreign policy, whatever the exact language is. But you still have to like, you still have to prove that. Yeah. You know, you have to have some evidence for that. And I don't think an, an op-ed in the case some cases or just showing up at a peaceful protest, I don't know that that's, that's gonna be enough for the courts. It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be.

(39m 1s):
It wasn't in this case, at least

(39m 12s):
Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. You got a helix mattress, right? I do have a helix Mattress. Don Ls. Wow. Boy does this guy listen, because You're a, you're look at that, you're look at that talk Talks for a living. No listens for a Living and you're trying to become a back sleeper, right? I am. But it's, it's just simply not happen happening. Slow going. I, I would love God to lie down, facing up and falling asleep, but instead right on my stupid fucking face. I love my Don Luxe though. So comfortable. My partner was out of town last night, and so, oh man, did I watch four hours of YouTubes? I just watched four hours of YouTubes in my extremely comfortable Don Luxe bed with my extremely comfortable linen Sheets. Honestly, sounds like a dream. It Was awesome. It was a great, it's a great night's sleep. Don Luxe Helix, great brand, great company, doing great work with these mattresses. Everybody's unique. Everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. You can take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes Watching a lot of YouTubes about science. Any you learn anything I, I'm really getting into About the science of sleeping well. Oh no, none of that. I'm really interested in hint helix, in helix intuitive understanding of relativity. Like not just to know how it works, but to intuitive to have it feel intuitive because it's so unintuitive, you know, it's unintuitive the speed of light. Why is there a speed limit on being around The Helix Lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including models with memory foam layers to provide optimal pressure relief. If you sleep on your side models with a more responsive foam to cradle your body for essential support in stomach and back sleeping positions. I'll Tell you what's not relative, the quality of the sleep you're gonna get on this helix mattress. There You go. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a hundred night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Plus your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Go to helix sleep.com/cricut for 27% off site wide plus free bedding bundle sheet set and mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress. Order exclusive for listeners of Pod Save America. That's helix sleep.com/crooked for 27% offsite wide. And a free bedding bundle sheet set and mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order helix sleep.com/crooked.

(41m 38s):
Let's talk about how Democrats have been responding to Trump's a hundred days week celebration with lots of posting, protesting and speechifying, including a return to the spotlight for Kamala Harris who gave a big speech late Wednesday night in San Francisco where she called Trump's tariffs, quote, the greatest manmade economic crisis in modern presidential history and warned of a constitutional crisis. She also praised fellow Democrats for quote, speaking with moral clarity about this moment. What'd you make of the speech? Why give it now? Why Give it now is an interesting question because we are a hundred more than a hundred days in. This is really the first time anyone's heard her speak since her concession speech at Howard University.

(42m 18s):
Yeah. That is a sort of an unprecedented period of time for someone to stay silent. Particularly someone who reportedly has politically ambitions for something beyond this. Right. It's not just someone who lost and then that was the end of their career. Yeah, right. It's not like John, she had some, she had some event that was like sort of little remarked on where she, where she spoke a little bit about people finding courage and then she spoke out, she tore the fire damage in LA Yeah. And said a few things there. But that, that's really been it. This is the first This she has, this is for her first comment. And this was pitched as like you, we saw Yes. Stories about this was pitched as her first remarks. My takeaway here is that she is someone who is still processing the loss and in a bit of purgatory about her political future.

(43m 3s):
Does she want to run for governor? Does she want to run for president or does she want to do neither and do something else with her life? You know, I mean, I think she's declared she wants to stay involved in some way, but that does not necessarily entail elective office. And I think this speech looks one way if she's decided to run for governor. I think it looks another way if she's definitely decided that she'd most likely run for president and it looks a third way if she's decided something else. And she clearly hasn't decided among those things. The other thing I would just say is I am not sure I would have picked a speech at a gala event that happened at 8:00 PM Pacific Time as my big moment. Like there probably was probably another way to do this if she really wanted, maybe she had just agreed to this.

(43m 46s):
'cause it's an organization that has supported her and she supports and so she was gonna make the best of it. But, But then her people like just told all the reporters. Yeah, this was like a big moment. Like once they started previewing it, it was more than just like, oh, I was going here anyway. And so I was just, I like, If it had been me, I would've let the air, I would've done something else earlier. It doesn't even have to be like, I actually would've not done a speech as my first comment. I would've found a place, you know, you could be in conversation somewhere. You could do a podcast. You know, like the one one example I thought was she could go on the, I've had it podcast, which is, you know, where she's, she had been before she was vice president, did a great job. But just, I obviously positive of America, the door is open at any time. But just find a way to just have a, like a more fulsome conversation about everything.

(44m 28s):
What happened, why you lost, what do you think about happening without having to give, 'cause a speech just comes with expectations. What are you gonna say that's new, right? How are you gonna, like what is, like, what is your reaction to all the world? There's, I think there's, there was probably a more formal, more modern communications way to do it, but you know, was fine. It was fine. Like this is not the end all be all of the whole thing. I think one other thing that just we don't think perhaps we don't think about 'cause we're in it every day, but when you look at the polls of who people think the leader of the Democratic party is, the plurality by far is Kamala Harris. Yeah. It's like 28, 30%. How much Do you think that's a function of name ID I's Well, the other people happy, She was just the one who was on the ticket.

(45m 8s):
You know, she, She was, she is the, I don't think she is act, it's not, we have not given her the task of being leader of the nominee She party course hasn't asked for it of, but she's a big voice. Like if you look about people who can get attention in this moment to make a case against Trump, she is on a shortlist of people who can do that. Yeah. Right. And it seemed like she wanted to give the speech but not get a ton of attention given how she gave it and when she gave it. So it feels betw be, I guess I would say it feels betwixt in between for me. Yeah. To your point about it looks one way if she's running for president, another for governor, another if it's something else. I think if she has, or if she ultimately decides that she's not gonna run for anything else and she's just gonna, you know, speak out whenever she can and do whatever else, but I think is like a perfectly fine speech.

(45m 51s):
I think if she's running for president or if she's running for governor of California, then you know, she just, she needs more, we need to hear more from her because I think it was a lot of, it's just sort of warmed over rhetoric that didn't, she didn't really say anything new or interesting or particularly insightful that we haven't heard before. And look, I don't think this is anything that a consultant or a speech writer or anyone can give you. I think like this needs to come from her. I think if she wants to be, she wants to run for president again. She wants to be governor. Like she has to decide what she really believes, what she really cares about, offer some actual ideas.

(46m 34s):
And she said at the end of the speech, like, I'm not here to give you all the answers. That's fine. That's a first speech. But I just think that, I just think we need more from her. And look, I like, I think she had an enormously difficult job in, in the a hundred days of this campaign. I think she stepped up in a huge way. She deserves all the praise in the world for that. But you know, she just, you need more if you're gonna, at this point in the country, at this where the country is right now at Donald Trump, president, we're under threat, constitutional crisis, all the stuff we've been talking about. Like, you gotta have something to say about that that is different than just rhetoric. You know? And that's, and mostly the speech was just rhetoric. I think the place where I would offer some grace here is we've known people who've run for president lust.

(47m 17s):
And particularly if you're the nominee, and it is a pretty earth shattering traumatic experience. It takes a long, Al Gore grew a beard. It it really, and she's in a particularly strange position where it's like one day she's vice president, she's just going about her life. Maybe maybe she's gonna get reelected as vice president or not. But she has this future. And then she gets, she didn't run for president in 2024. She got snatched out of her job, thrown into this thing with 106 days to go, gets his burst of momentum, outperforms all reasonable expectations for most of that campaign. For someone who's put in that position and then loses to this horrendous, horrible person. It's like, it's clear she's still processing that. And she found herself in Sister, we had to say something hasn't figured out what's next for her or like what the next step is.

(48m 3s):
And so it's just like, yet everything you say about what she said is correct. It's just she's in a difficult position. I think it's the is worth acknowledging. She is, she is. But this, this predates this speech and her difficult position. Yeah. It's like I just, I, I really want Kamala Harris to sit down and it's like, no notes, no advisors. What do you think's happening to the country right now? What is bothering you? What do you want to fix? And what do you really wanna fight about? Just, just tell us no notes. You know. And I think that would do her, I mean, again, if she doesn't wanna run again for anything, that's fine then, then I have no criticism.

(48m 43s):
But if you wanna, like, this is, this is the big leagues, right? You wanna be president of the United States or you wanna be governor of the biggest state in the country. Gotta step up, you know. So that is my, that's my thought on that. Another Democrat out there this week, perhaps inadvertently, was Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer, who spent Trump's 100th day with Trump in Michigan at an air base that he agreed to keep open and expand, which is something that Whitmer had been pushing for since Biden was president and had multiple calls and meetings with Trump about Trump thanked Whitmer at the event and then without warning, asked her to say a few words, which she looked so psyched to do. So Whitmer awkwardly thanked Trump without saying his name, shook his hand, walked away. This was after an equally awkward embrace on the tarmac half embrace.

(49m 28s):
He went in for the embrace, she kinda had her hand on the shoulder. It was, it was very awkward. And that came a few weeks after Witmer's, now famous Oval Office meeting with Trump, which unbeknownst to her started as a press event where Trump announced criminal investigations into two former Trump administration officials, ultimately causing her to hide her face behind a folder, which was a picture that will live in infamy. Just exactly how she planned it all, I'm sure. Yes. It's on the whiteboard. So I spoke to Governor Whitmer on Wednesday about all this. You'll hear that conversation in a minute. But wanted to ask you, what do you think of all of this her last few weeks, the event this week?

(50m 8s):
So let's stipulate that a lot of people have declared that her political career is functionally over because of the hug, the, the folder photo, all of that. That if she had any presidential ambition, so was over. I think that's premature. There's a lot, plenty of time to bounce back from what has been an uncomfortable couple weeks here. Having said that, I think that there, some of these things definitely raise a question of political instincts. Like I still don't understand why she did not walk out of the Oval Office. And the second you walk out of the West Wing of the White House, there are reporters raid there with microphones, and you could just, you know, if you don't wanna yell at the President on Live National Television in his office, I can buy that.

(50m 49s):
Other people may think, maybe some people do that. If you don't wanna do that, that's fine, but you, you can't go out and not say something to the press about what you just witnessed. And she, she told me that what reporters haven't been reporting is that she did leave, like after the picture and after she, she started close to him and then she sunk away. And then she was, then she did the, then they did the folder and she, then she left and she talked to her staff and she said, you know, I told them like, we must get it out there that I don't agree with it. Which it still gets to your point where you're like, she could, she could have told the cameras that, right. It's an oppor, like, the way to think about it is it's both, you, now you have a problem and you gotta fix your problem right away.

(51m 30s):
And it may also be an opportunity if you handle it right like that. I don't know why that instinct wasn't there, but I think there's something bigger than just what Whitmer, this is about bigger than Whitmer. Like, what I think we're seeing here is what I, what I think is the real divide in Democratic Party now, which is not left right. It's those people who truly believe to their core that we are in an extraordinary, dangerous moment in American history and are, and wanna respond as such. Those are people like a OC and Bernie, Chris Murphy, Cory Booker, who sort of are trying to toss traditional, ordinary politics aside and respond in a new way that is commiserate with the threat that Trump faces.

(52m 12s):
Then there's another group of people, there's no group of people who think Trump is not bad, but the other group of people, which I think Whitmer falls into this and Schumer falls into it, is that Trump is bad and dangerous, but we are not truly in a crisis that necessitates an extraordinary response and that ordinary politics can still work. That it is okay to believe that the traditional rules of how shutdowns work out politically is the same way. And then in Witmer's case, it is, you're still in a moment where the right thing to the good politics is to bring the bacon home for your state. Now, she is right that this is an important thing, and she's been working on a long time.

(52m 53s):
You do wanna help your state, and I'm sympathetic to Gavin Newsom when he had to be kind of play nice to ensure that California didn't lose out on aid after the wildfires. But if you truly believe that Trump is something dangerous, you don't get on stage with him. You don't vote for his budget, you don't put yourself in a position where he could hug you, right? And you're willing to take, and you're you, like there is, your state could pay a price for it, but you're gonna fight back on all the other terrible things that Trump is doing to your state. And you're not just focusing on this one particular project which comes at the expense of all those other things. Here's what's wild about the Whitmer thing, is the two different factions you laid out.

(53m 36s):
Like, I, I totally agree with that, but when you listen to this interview, she basically picks both. And that was what's wild to me. Like I thought that when I asked her, are we in a constitutional crisis? You know, is this a, is he really a threat? All this kind of stuff that she would try to make an argument that normal politics works and I'm not gonna get into that and I'm thinking about my state and all that kind of stuff, which is, again, I don't, I don't agree with that, but it is a cohesive argument. It was, it's very weird to me that she at one point was like, yeah, yes, we're in a constitutional crisis. Yes, people should be scared. I read her JB Pritzker's quote from one of his speech where he called for mass protests and resistance in the streets, and she said, I agree with that, and I agree with what a OC and Bernie are doing.

(54m 23s):
And then she was like, but I'm mad that pundits, you know, don't un they they think they know what's going on in the ground in Michigan and what Michigan people care about, but, and it's like, you gotta, you gotta pick something. You gotta pick a lane. And like, again, I, I don't, I don't really, I didn't with her wanna focus on the folder or being at the event or the hug or anything like that. 'cause it's like, you know, even being civil to Trump, a lot of this is optics and I get it. I get the odd position and like, I totally understand, if you are a governor, you want to help your state and you want to, you need to work with this guy and talk with this guy about some stuff to help your state. I get that. And other people who are like you, you don't understand. She needs to help help jobs in Michigan and people in Michigan love her for this. And that's great. Like, yeah, no, I get that.

(55m 3s):
That's fine. You can still do that. While also speaking out about the threat of Donald Trump, which she used to do all the time back in 2020 when she was dealing with him in Covid, she was dealing with him over in the pandemic and criticizing him pretty intensely. So something has changed. He's either gotten some advice from people that I don't think is good advice or not, but like I don't, I just don't understand why you can't really say it's a constitutional crisis that we're in a constitutional crisis and then also say like, but yeah, I just needed to talk to him and hang out with him and not bring up all these issues. I think I I have not listened to your interview yet. I look forward to it. This is so not speaking specifically about Whitmer here, but everyone is saying what they think people want to hear about it being a constitutional crisis.

(55m 48s):
The question is Whether you truly believe it. Yes, I agree. Okay. Whether you responding is if it is true or you're saying it because to say the, there is no one saying it's not bad, there's no Democrat arguing that, or that this is a passing thing. It's really in their actions, right? It's to, we can truly understand how much they believe it, how worried they are about the moment. But also like, if you don't really believe it, don't say it because this is, this goes to a problem of Democrats and their credibility with voters, right? Which is, and we've talked about this before with a number of Democrats where we say, democracy's on the line, democracy's on the line, Donald Trump's a threat to democracy, what are we gonna do? And then he wins and everyone's like, okay, I was just, just kidding. We're gonna work with him. It's gonna be normal.

(56m 28s):
We're gonna figure things out. And that's obviously an exaggeration, but that's, that's the gist. And I, I worry for anyone who is saying what they think activists want to hear or what they think people want to hear. And you get a lot of, Whitmer did this, Kamala Harris did this in her speech. People are like, and I wanna call out Chris Murphy and Cory Booker and a OC and Bernie, like, they're praising the people who are speaking out and acting like it's a constitutional crisis. It's like, it's nice to praise them, but like, what do you have to say about it? Like, are you gonna do something about it? Because if you do believe it's a constitutional crisis, then like, show us, you know? And if you don't then make an argument that it's not, that's fine. No one knows what's gonna happen. Maybe it's also very possible that Kris Weber has no desire to run for precedent.

(57m 10s):
True. Yeah. Like she could have run in 2024, like, And she might not Yeah, Like after Biden dropped out, like that was an option for her. So she may not even wanna do it. But for people who are thinking, president, I just can't imagine that there's gonna be a lane for people who underreact to Trump. Yeah. And I'm saying like, and even if one of the reason I, I ask her about some like Michigan specific actions he's taken, it's like, even if you're not gonna run for president and your whole thing is, I wanna stand up for the people in Michigan, like, you know, he's investigating mis Michigan colleges. He's like taking visas away from Michigan students. He's, he's like trying to freeze education funding from Michigan. Like, if you're gonna talk to him about the airbase, which I agree you should like maybe bring up, Hey man, why are you doing this to my state?

(57m 50s):
You know, like, you gotta do both. Okay, we're gonna take a quick break and when we come back you can all hear what Whitmer herself had to say about all of this

(58m 7s):
Pod Save America is brought to you by arm colostrum Spring is here and we're all looking to get outta the house, shake off the cobwebs, shake Off those Cobwebs and feel our best to give your immunity and gut health a boost in the right direction. Try Armor colostrum. Discover the transformational health benefits of Armor colostrum that have earned tens of thousands of five star reviews. Probiotics and other supplements are tattered as a gut health solution, but most products on the market are dead before they even reach your gut armor. Colostrum naturally fortifies your entire gut wall system and optimizes your whole body microbiome, which helps guard against irritants that can trigger digestive issues and compromise your immune system. Research has shown that colostrum also helps to enhance nutrient absorption. Let Armor colostrum help you reach your goals by promoting lean muscle building and fueling better performance and faster recovery. Colostrum bioactives have also been shown to reactivate hair follicle stem cells and activate collagen production, promoting hair growth and enhancing skin radiance. Gotta be radiant for summer. Can't go into the summer. Not being radiant must be radiant. That would be a disaster. Gotta have the radiance. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try armor.com/crooked or enter crooked to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R-M a.com/cricut.

(59m 23s):
Governor Gretchen Whitmer, welcome back to Pod Save America. Good to be with you John. So you were with Donald Trump yesterday in Michigan when he announced an expansion of the Sage Air National Guard Base, I believe starting in 2028, you've been fighting to get that done for a long time. Means a lot of jobs, it's really good for the economy. You called it a big bipartisan win. Said you appreciated Trump's partnership. What did it take to get that done with the presidents? Did he need convincing? Like how, how did those discussions go? Well, you know, I'll just start with this. Selfridge is a really important linchpin in Michigan's bases.

(1h 0m 4s):
We've got four Selfridge is the place where we have our fighter mission. The a tens have been scheduled to be retired. And so I have spent every year since I've been governor trying to get recapitalized a fighter mission, you know, through the four years, you know, to be candid, under the Biden administration, I was trying to get this done. We did get tankers, which is great, but it's not a fighter mission. So soon as I had the opportunity for the first conversation at the National Governor's Association Dinner, I took the chance to say this is important. And ever since then, I've had a number of meetings and phone calls just to try to get this over the finish line. And I'm grateful that they were interested. I know they care about Michigan, but I think defense is a place where they see a need and it took a lot of work to get there.

(1h 0m 50s):
But you know, it's the right thing for Michigan. I, there's no question that recapitalizing this, it's got $850 million impact on the state of Michigan. 30,000 jobs are connected to Selfridge. And so this is a BFD and I'm glad that we got over the finish line. It doesn't mean I've abandoned any of my values. It doesn't mean that I'm not gonna stand my ground and fight where we have to. But this is, this is one of those moments where as a public servant, you're reminded your job is to put service above self. And, and that's what it was all about. So you do this event with the president, then he does a political event in Michigan, which you didn't attend, where he attacks judges for trying to take away the power of our president.

(1h 1m 34s):
Then he does an interview after with a b, C where he says he could facilitate the release of Kil MA or Breo Garcia as the Supreme Court has ordered in a unanimous decision, but that his lawyers don't want to, is the President not in open defiance of the Supreme Court at this point? Yeah, I mean, it's un un unconscionable. So many of the actions that they've taken in a hundred days, the amount of damage that has been done, you know, I continue to stay grounded in talking to Michiganders, and I can tell you that the tariffs are taking a toll job losses concerns about, you know, being able to afford an F-150, you know, when I was at the White House in that folder, in that infamous picture inside that were real stories from Michiganders about how hard the tariffs have already been on their families, on their businesses, small businesses alike.

(1h 2m 24s):
And that's, that's who I'm fighting for. And so to see that, to hear that you could tell, you could see why, you know, I, there's no way on earth I was doing anything beyond that, that press conference yesterday. Because I think so much of what they're doing is, is damaging not just here and now, but they're gonna have long-term consequences in this country. And that's precisely why I think it's important that we are showing up. We are locking arms and, and we are the party that is fighting for, for the average hardworking person in this country. I, I do want to get to the tariffs, but be before we do, do you think we're in a constitutional crisis? If the, if the Supreme Court has told the President to do something, he has decided not to do it.

(1h 3m 7s):
I think this is the second time he's done this. He's also not enforcing the TikTok ban, just sort of ignoring that and or ignoring the court's order on that. Are we in a constitutional crisis and, and what's the responsibility of other leaders in the country? If we are, We are. And I think that no one is above the law. The the thought that we've got an administration that is just blatantly violating court orders should, I think, scare everybody. This is a, a, a very serious moment. You know, at the end of the day, I hope that we finally see some backbone out of some of the Republicans in Congress, you know, to stand up to the courts to enforce their orders.

(1h 3m 54s):
I mean, there are a lot of people that aren't doing their jobs to protect the foundations of this country. And many of us are, are fighting the fights that we can, but ultimately the courts have gotta be able to have the last word. And, and this is undermines the, I think the foundations of our country on, on every level when this happens. The president went on to say in that interview that he's justified in ordering criminal investigations into people he thinks are dishonest. You were obviously unwittingly brought into the oval for the press event where Trump ordered an investigation into one of his first term administration officials, because he said the 2020 election wasn't fraudulent. State election officials responded to that saying they are outraged and alarmed.

(1h 4m 37s):
This was a cybersecurity election official. What was your reaction when you saw him do that and you were in the, in the oval? Well, as, as, as Lovet said, there are no corners in the Oval Office. Right? Yeah. I was brought in for what I thought was gonna be a one-on-one meeting. It became very clear as soon as I walked in the room that that was not the case. I grabbed one of his staff people, I said, what is happening here? And he said, he's just gonna sign an executive order and then you're gonna have your meeting. And then all of that transpired and I gravitated from the front of the room to the back of the room. And that's when that, that picture was taken. But I, I also left the room. No one reported that I left the room to go talk to my staff person said, we gotta get word out because the stuff that's going on in there, I want to be, I cannot be associated with that.

(1h 5m 23s):
I do not endorse that. I'm not here for that. And, and, but I had to stay and have my meeting after that was done. So, you know, it, it is not easy to navigate these times, but one of the things that I've learned is I've gotta put the people in Michigan first over my, my self interest over maybe what people assume are gonna be my political interests. The people in Michigan come first. I took an oath to them when I was in the Senate, you know, we were in the minority, I was the Senate minority leader, and we had Republican control of both chambers of the legislature and in the governor's office. We got our teeth kicked in every day. We, of course, I had colleagues who, when they finally wanted to do Medicaid expansion, a Republican governor wanted to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act of Michiganders.

(1h 6m 9s):
Some of my democratic colleagues said, hell no, let's not do it. Let's make him beg for it. Let's, let's deliver him a loss and then they'll have to come back. And I didn't wanna take that risk because I knew hundreds of thousands of Michiganders might get their healthcare from this. And so I went to work to make, bring my democratic colleagues along. It wasn't easy, but at the end of the day, that's the job. That is the job that I have. And if we Democrats wanna be successful in future elections, we can't forget that we gotta give each other the, the grace to fight on the battlefield and, and lock arms because these are high stakes moments in this country. As we think about all the stuff that's just happened in merely a hundred days, Trump is currently investigating Michigan colleges and universities for their diversity policies.

(1h 6m 58s):
He's already tried to kick dozens of Michigan foreign students out of the country. He's threatening to unlawfully freeze federal funding for Michigan public schools as he's already doing in Maine. Because Governor Mills spoke up in a meeting. Have you asked the president to stop targeting people and institutions in your state? You know what, I have talked to the president about tariffs, which obviously we don't agree on. I have talked to the president about Asian carp that pose a real threat to the Great Lakes. I have talked to the president about ice storm victims in northern Michigan, who I'm hoping we can get some help from FEMA to support. I have not had that direct conversation on this subject yet, but I'm not afraid to do that.

(1h 7m 38s):
Yeah, I guess what I'm, where I am on this is like, I totally understand the need to work with even this president because whether we like it or not, he has a lot of power to help or hurt people that, in your case that you represent, but he's also abusing that power right now to hurt people that you represent. And so I wonder if you, you know, is it, isn't it worth speaking up for the rights and the freedoms of those people when you're at an event with them or when you're in a meeting with them? Yeah, whenever I get the opportunity, I use every minute of that to, to cover a lot of different issues. So this is, I think, a very important one that you're raising.

(1h 8m 19s):
There's no question. And I will continue whenever I have opportunities to ma make sure that I'm covering as much as I can. No question On tariffs. The president offered some relief to automakers last night. He announced though the headline in the Detroit Free Presses, Trump scales Back Tariffs on automakers, but analysts still expect car prices to rise. Do you agree with that? And and did you get a chance to raise tariffs with him on Tuesday? Or, and, and, and what is his, what have those conversations been like about tariffs with him? You know, I did not get much of a chance to talk about it on Tuesday, but I did say that the, the big three and the auto industry is hurting in Michigan because of the uncertainty around tariffs.

(1h 8m 59s):
You know, certainly this, this newest policy might be somewhat helpful on paper, but let's be clear, the uncertainty that has been created by variety of policies without a stated goal and an obvious solution here is what is creating paralysis? What is creating animosity with our, our, our northern neighbors Canada, who is intertwined with the Michigan economy is all across the country. That's true, but especially in Michigan and Mexico, treating our allies like adversaries. I mean, there's a big cost to all of this. And it is gonna be born by the American consumer. It is gonna be born by the person who gets laid off because their company doesn't make the investment that they had planned to.

(1h 9m 43s):
It's gonna be born by small businesses. They can't stock up store rooms like some businesses have been able to in preparation for all these ups and downs. This chaos with this tariff policy has undermined the American economy and has taken money out of people's pockets. And that's the worst part of it. So a couple of tweaks every few days doesn't fix the problem. It actually perpetuates the pain. In your conversations with him, do you get the sense that he's persuadable on this issue? No, I'm sorry to say that. I mean, I, I, you know, I'll just be blunt. The, I can tell you that I know that the auto companies are talking with the White House.

(1h 10m 26s):
Again, I'm, I'm talking with them too. I know that they are talking with the Secretary Lutnick and Commerce, and obviously they've had some impact and that they've reevaluated some things. But I do believe that there is a core belief that tariff, that messing with tariff policy is gonna be good for America. But it's not based on any, I think, economic prowess or, or strategy. And I think that's the, the biggest concern is that if there was a goal, if there was a new rule that was going to last, American business might be able to figure a way to work with it. But the chaos is, is the biggest problem at the moment.

(1h 11m 9s):
I remember when the fires hit Los Angeles, I interviewed Governor Newsom shortly after, and you know, he was dealing with somewhat similar to what you were dealing with, with the, with Selfridge, which is, you know, he was trying not to criticize Trump too much because he, you know, we needed to get federal funding for disaster relief for, for California. And I asked him in the interview, I said, are you, are you scared that if you criticize him too much or piss him off, then he's gonna yank federal funding and not, and not give us the disaster relief aid that we need. Do you worry in the next couple years that if you criticize Donald Trump too much that he might change his mind on Selfridge?

(1h 11m 52s):
No, I mean, I, I don't, they've made a commitment. This is, you know, there are Republicans and Democrats, I've been working hard to get this done. They got it done. He got a, a great, you know, headlines here in Michigan. I mean, people are thrilled with this. So, no, and you know, my job is to fight for Michiganders and that means, you know, John, it means making tough decisions in a pandemic that ultimately people threaten to kill me. I'm still gonna put Michiganders first. It means showing up at the Oval Office and maybe having people, you know, pundits take shots at me for being there. But that's putting the people in Michigan first, I can tell you right now that the people in Macomb County are, are often the ones that get poll whenever there's a presidential election.

(1h 12m 37s):
They're the, you know, yeah, the, the bellwether in, in a bellwether state, they don't care, you know, whether or not I held a a folder in a picture, they don't care. They care if they're gonna have a job. They care that their governor's fighting for 'em. And I think that's the, the really interesting difference here is the, the media in Michigan has been, it's all been positive. The reactions, not the media reactions, but the, the coverage, the people, the reaction of the real people on the ground. And it's one of the things that real frustrate me about sometimes the national pundits is they tell Michiganders what they're thinking without actually talking to Michiganders.

(1h 13m 20s):
And I think that's something that we have to educate people on because man, if you're ever gonna be able to fight for and earn the respect of people on the ground, you gotta, you gotta be there with 'em. And that's, that's what it's all about. Your, your neighboring governor, JB Pritzker Illinois gave a speech this week where he called for mass protest mobilization and disruption. He said, quote, these republicans cannot know a moment of peace. They have to understand that we will fight their cruelty with every megaphone and microphone that we have. Do you agree with all that? Yeah, I know. I, I do. I mean, I think, I'm glad I told JB I don't know, a couple months ago. I'm glad he's out there. I'm glad he's fighting.

(1h 14m 0s):
I, you know what? I'm really glad that a OC and Bernie are out there fighting. I think it's gonna be important. We gotta be Avenger style, you know, every one of our voices matters. We have to work together and ultimately we're gonna have to bring all these different groups of people that, that we're talking to, that we represent together as well. So I don't fault anyone outside the Michigan for not ma understanding what's going on in the ground. I just, you know, take on bridge with anyone who assumes they know what's going on the ground without actually asking. 'cause the real story is what's going on in real people's lives. Yeah. And obviously people in Michigan, just like elsewhere in America, are very concerned about more than anything else, cost of living issues and, and this and the effects of this trade war.

(1h 14m 45s):
Do you think people in Michigan are also afraid of, of this president and, and, and wonder that he, if he poses a threat to democracy, if we're gonna, if we're gonna have other elections? Yeah, I I do think that that's a concern for a lot of people. You know, if, if you're not worried about putting food on the table, yes, you know, but if you're worried about putting food on the table or paying your electric bill, it's hard to think about anything else. And that's one of the things that, you know, as, as I campaigned for Kamala Harris and Joe Biden before and Barack Obama before, I can tell you that, and Hillary Clinton, I can't skip Hillary Clinton. Of course, we know that the personal economy is always going to be, you know, front and center for people.

(1h 15m 31s):
And that's why we gotta stay focused on how are Democrats making people's lives better. That's what I've done in Michigan. I think that's why I've been able to carry this really swing state by double digits into elections. We can't lose sight of that. Last question in, in your role as governor, are there other issues where you are looking to make progress by working with President Trump? And are there other fights you can see yourself having with the administration? Oh yeah, we're gonna fight like hell to protect people. You know, the Medicaid cuts are, could be devastating if they go through. And we are working really hard. We've got a bipartisan group of Congress people that we are putting pressure on.

(1h 16m 15s):
40% of the Michigan budget is federal, rural hospitals will close if those Medicaid cuts go through to pay for, you know, that, that tax break that no one's calling for. So yeah, we're gonna fight on, on all these battlegrounds. I'll also say I'm gonna continue to try to get help to protect the Great Lakes from Asian carp. I am going to try to get that FEMA declaration for people in northern Michigan who were devastated by the ice storm last month, some of whom still don't have power a month later. So I've got big things that I still wanna try to get done with the feds, but we're gonna, we're gonna fight to protect Michigan ERs fight to protect fundamental rights and the rule of law too.

(1h 16m 55s):
Governor Whitmer, thank you so much as always for, for giving us your time and comment on Pod Save America. Thanks, John. Good to be with you. One last moment from this week that we, we wanted to cover on Wednesday night, news Nation held a virtual town hall with Trump who called in moderated by Chris Cuomo, bill O'Reilly and Stephen A. Smith featuring Steve Bannon, James Carville, RFK Jr. Talk about a dream blunt rotation. Huh? We, we learned about this like hours before it happened. I thought it was a prank when I first saw it.

(1h 17m 36s):
I was like, that's not, this is not a cast of people who are actually gonna be together. You sent me a message, it said, here comes our a block for the show on Thursday. And I clicked on it hours later. So I clicked on it being taken directly into the town hall. I knew there was a news nation town hall of Chris Gu calling It. He must be like, what is going on? And There, when I turned on, there was just Stephen A. Smith and Bill O'Reilly, I mean, and Trump also he called in, which is bananas. Bananas, yeah, bananas. So Stephen a asked him about his fight with Harvard and here's what happened because When people think about Harvard, what they're basically talking about is they, they're asking what do you say to those who view your actions as an attack on academic freedom rather than a defense of fairness.

(1h 18m 19s):
What do you say to that? Well, I say this, we had riots in Harlem, in in, in Harlem. And frankly, if you look at what's gone on and people from Harlem went up and they protested Steven and they protested very strongly against Harvard. They happened to be on my side. You know, I got a very high black vote, you know, that very, very high black vote. It was a, a very great compliment to, I did criminal justice reform. They agree with what I'm doing with respect to Harvard. Ah, lots to unpack there, Dan. Lots to unpack. First of all, did he, does he start things off by confusing Columbia and Harvard?

(1h 19m 3s):
Because he was saying there's there's the riots in Harlem. Yeah, it seems that way. So that's number one, right? I think unless he thought he said Harlem instead of Harvard, but I think he got Harvard. He got to Harvard. He got to Harvard. Also, in all of the times that Trump has talked about the press at Columbia University, he has never referred to it as the riots at Harlem until a black person asked him about it. Yep, yep. And then, and then why did he mention the black vote? It's, it is true. Why did he mention the black vote outta nowhere to Stephen A. Smith, the black person who asked him, It's truly Pavlovian racism. I mean, he just sees a black person ask a question and he cannot fathom in his lizard brain that a black person can ask him about a question that is not specific and inherently and entirely about something involving the black community.

(1h 19m 52s):
It's why he talked about criminal justice reform. I mean, it's banana. He uses this term, they, and there like five times. That's what I'm saying, the the cherry on the sundae is the very end where he said they like what I'm doing at Harvard. They, the black people, the black people of America like that. I'm investigating Harvard over anti-Semitism, Which was not your question, Stephen, but you are black. So I thought you might be curious to know that. And by, but by the way, Stephen, you may be asking me a difficult question that's a little challenging, but I want you to know that other black people, they voted for me. That was, that's that's what I got from it. Right? I don't know how else to take it. Yeah, Things are going great.

(1h 20m 32s):
I, Anyway, that's our president, that's our President America sophomore years. And they were like, let's give us four more. Let's do four more, maybe eight. Who knows? Okay. Two quick things before we go.

(1h 20m 45s):
You gotta listen to Shadow Kingdom. All the episodes are out now. You can binge it from start to finish. It's Crook's newest podcast. It's called Shadow Kingdom. God's Banker, over a million listeners around the world have already listened. The story's got it all Money laundering secret societies, the Vatican playing Spy Games. It explains how far right movements started finding fertile ground in Europe perfectly to listen to as we head into our conclave, you can binge all episodes of Shadow Kingdom wherever you get your podcasts or on Apple Podcasts. Also, new episode of Inside 2025 just dropped where, oh, Dan, you, me, you and Alyssa answered listener questions about Trump's first a hundred days. What'd you, what'd you and Alyssa talk about? You know, it's so funny, I saw this in the housekeeping and I recorded this podcast after a 35 hour trip home from the East coast that involved some canceled flights, a radar down and spending the night at the Newark Airport Hotel. And I honestly don't remember what we talked about. I think we talked about, I think we talked, well, this Is a camp, this is a can't miss People. No, no. In all seriousness, I say that only because it was quite punchy. I was really Oh, That's great. Well, that now I'm Listening. Yeah, you should listen to that. I was, you got me. I was untethered. But we did, we talked a lot about White House correspondence dinner, how that works. I told some stories of our times, the White House Corresponder, we talked about a hundred days. How the press views that bet you don't re Do you remember where Obama went on his hundredth day? No, you would've guessed. Did we? I did the, didn't I do the new foundation speech? No, that wasn't the hundredth day. What was it? We thought we went to Elkhart, we went somewhere else. Oh, we did a, we did a National Vice press conference on Hundred Day On in prime time. There you go. Back when TV mattered. It was cute. And we told a bunch of stories. We got great questions. It's a, it is a, it's a ton of fun. Alyssa is as always a laugh riot on this thing. If you wanna get access to this exclusive series, which you should our Discord community and a free episodes of shows like Pod Save America and Love It, or leave it head to crooked.com/friends to subscribe.

(1h 22m 42s):
That's our show for today. Dan's gonna be back on the feed with a new show on Sunday. Dan, you talked to Chuck Todd, former moderator of Meet the Press. What'd you guys talk about? How's Chuck? Chuck is great. I wanted to talk to Chuck because politics and media are intertwined. And if you wanna understand where politics going, you have to understand media. Chuck has been at all levels of media from the editor of a political tip sheet called The Hotline to a White House correspondent to meet the president. Now he is like us, an independent journalist, podcaster, and he had a lot to say about politics, about the state of the media today, how people are covering Trump, where the White House Press Corps is falling down on the job of standing up for their colleagues in the ap. And some tips on how someone can interview Trump.

(1h 23m 21s):
Something I hope we never have to know. I don't know. I don't know. He didn't know Terry Moran. That's how we got In there. We can maybe we'll host a Crooked Media talent town hall and get him to call in. That's all we need. All right, that's our show. Everyone have a good weekend and listen to Dan and Chuck Todd on Sunday and we'll be back with a new episode of your in Your Feeds on Tuesday. Have a good weekend, everyone. Bye Everyone.

(1h 23m 47s):
If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.

(1h 23m 60s):
Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with Friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt de Groat is our head of production. Naomi Sal is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Ben Heco, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, Kiel Aviv, and David Tolles.

(1h 24m 47s):
Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.