
Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's The Daily Show. Here we go. It's election season again. Always. It's always election season, but that's okay. John Stewart and the Daily Show News team are here to get us through all of it like nobody else can. Because the most important election of our lifetime deserves the most important election coverage of our lifetime ever. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. Continuing 2024 election coverage with John Stewart. Mondays at 11 and every weeknight at 11 on Comedy Central.


What's up Phoenix? Welcome. To. Pod. Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Jane Costin. I'm Jon Lovett. Tommy Vitor. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We have a great show for you tonight, your next senator from the great state of Arizona, Ruben Gallego is here. We are also especially excited to have Jane with us tonight because she comes bearing big news starting Monday.


Jane is gonna be the new host of our Daily News podcast. What a day. Woo. That's right. You get to hear from me 20 minutes a day every day. And it won't be about Michigan football, which doesn't exist for right now, for reasons that I don't wanna get into, everything's totally fine. Notre Dame lost, everything's fine. So exciting. We got Jane to move to LA and everything. I know. Pacific Coast, it's been beautiful, but I could not be more excited to be here in Phoenix, Arizona. You know a SU is playing right now, but I'd like to remember See, see Divided Loyalty.


I'm sorry, I gotta say go Sun Devils. Ah, but most importantly why was Carrie Lake at a Texas a and m game? Yeah, that was weird. Weird. Like with Ted Cruz. Like with Ted Cruz, who by the way, I really wish Ted Cruz had made it to Michigan, Texas, because that game would've gone very differently. Hey, and for anybody gay here. Hey. Hey, that's, Hey. I know I, they know what I mean and you know what I mean. All right, fine. I don't understand either. It's fine. All right, let's get to the news. Our last live show was exactly 50 days ago in Madison, Wisconsin.


Less than 48 hours before Joe Biden passed the torch to Kamala Harris after the most consequential debate in history, we are now 70 hours away from the first and so far only scheduled debate between Harris and Donald Trump just one week before early voting begins in the 2024 election. Who's got a pit in their stomach? I don't feel good like that, but I feel better than I would. There You go. I like, I'll take that. The vice president is off the trail preparing for the debate in a Pittsburgh hotel. There's a replica stage practice sessions and a Trump stand-in who's gone?


Full method. Shout out Philippe. Yeah, Philippe. Philippe Ness I Worked with, I worked with Philippe now almost 20 years ago when I was first in dc and there is no one who would spend more time and effort learning every single mannerism in fact about a person than Philippe. A kind of deep and broken obsession. For people who don't know, Philippe also played Donald Trump for, to help prep Hillary Clinton during the 2016 debates. He was also full method, then wore like boxy suit ties, did the whole thing. I Don't know that he ever came out of it, frankly. Yeah, that's the question.


I got dinner with him. He's, I Got dinner with a couple years ago. He ordered his burger. Well done. He's been stuck for the last nine years, whatever it's been. Anyway, Trump himself ever, the wonk is preparing with what he calls policy time, which involves, I guess huddling with his envi, his advisors and, and this Her favorite show is Law and Order. And there's a almost exact act story as her story in law and order about being attacked in the dressing room of a department. so I never met the woman other than this picture, which could have been AI generated.


I don't know, showed up outta nowhere. But it's fine. Nice picture. And I'm disappointed in my legal talent, I'll be honest with you. But this is a disgraceful case and disgraceful in particular because it's about a former president of the United States who is now leading in the polls. If you look at the Nate Silver, very respected guy, I don't know him, but he has me up by a lot. I'm going into very hostile territory shortly on a debate with A, B, C, George Slop, Opolis. And that group and a B, CI think is the worst of everybody. I think they're the worst.


So I guess that was, that was the message event for Friday. That was, that's what they were pushing ahead of the debate. Quick, quick 50 minute press conference. No questions. No questions, no questions, no questions, no questions. Just complaining about his legal troubles. And Jane, he was complaining about his legal troubles even though he got mostly good news this week. On that front, the judge just postponed sentencing for his felony conviction until a few weeks after the election. You know the wheels of justice and the judge in Jan in the January 6th trial said that that won't begin until well into 2025. All of which means the outcome of this election for Trump is either the White House or the big house.


But not, not your big house. Not your big house. Not mine, not mine. Not big. Be clear. How do you think, if at all, Kamala Harris should handle this in the debate? And then more broadly, like what's the overall case you think should be pros? She should be prosecuted. I mean personally, if she just spent a lot of time going, look at this fucking guy, like I near, I nearly got distracted for a minute because when I was in high school, I used to come home every day and watch Law and order and I was like, all right, which season are we talking about? Because if Sam Waterson is involved, I'm in.


But I really think that like something that she I mean. She's talked about this before that like remember in 2016 when he was like stalking Hillary Clinton around And Kamala was like, if that would've been me, I would've turned around and been like, why are you being so weird? Like I think that there's, Did she say that? She did. That's Cool. I think that if she talks about the issues that matter to people and also points out the fact that he is physically incapable of talking about anything that doesn't have to do with himself or the movie Blood sport, which I will talk about You know great movie if it, if it would help him lose the presidential election. I will discuss the movie Blood Sport with him all day. Is there a split in that movie?


Right where he splits, he does the split and he holds it between two countertops if I remember. Yeah, yeah. Jean Claude Band Dam. You're all over that park. I remember that scene. The, the signs were there. Dan, let's talk about the rules of the debate, which are now set and similar to the Biden Trump match in June. No audience, no pre-written notes. Mike's muted when the other candidate is speaking, which the Harris campaign tried pretty hard to reverse. Apparently the campaign still thinks there may be chaotic exchanges where a b, C is forced to unmute both mics.


You mean there's gonna be chaos with Donald Trump. I know, it's wild. Who do you think won here and like how much do the rules matter, especially this whole Mike debate that we've been dealing with? I think the muted Mike debate matters. So as a bit of context, this was the, when Biden and Trump were negotiating debates, this was something that Biden really, really wanted in debate was for Trump's microphone to be muted. Because in the 2020 debates, Trump had interrupted Biden a whole bunch. And Biden's team thought it would help them to have Trump's mic be muted. That turned out not to be the case 'cause it sort of served us like a leash on Trump and we didn't hear what he was muttering to himself as Biden was speaking. And so the Harris people were smart to try to get that rule changed.


And Trump's people who understand the same thing, the Biden people do also try to stop the world from getting changed. 'cause they know as the Harris people do, that Trump speaking, particularly when he is agitated, is often bad for Trump. And so like, like you, if you imagine a world where Kam Laris is up there, she's saying the things she's saying and Trump is reacting to that in real time. And we can all hear that that's good for Kamala Harris and bad for Trump. So this is I think an actual win for them. But what is important and I think was good that they pitched this fight was A BC has agency, they can decide when it's muted and un unmuted. And I think they will now feel some pressure to unmute Trump's mic periodically to try to get those organic exchanges.


'cause I think that will end up netting out to Harris's benefit in this. I've been thinking about this on the, on the mics because originally I was like, yeah, it would be better for what the Harris campaign wants, which is to have them unmuted the whole time. But if they're muted, it does mean that she does not get drawn into the back and forth with Trump as much. And I wonder if that's to her benefit because her strategy, which is I think a little different than Biden's is not just to make it about Trump the whole time, but to actually talk about what she's for, who she is, what her plans are. I think she has to, no matter whether the mics are muted or unmuted, she has to not get drawn into that. That should be part of the strategic goal. But what you want ultimate, you're right.


The debate is about her. She wants to make it about her, she wants to share her story, her visions, et cetera. But you also want to give Trump an opportunity. You wanna show the American people in full transparency. What an erratic lunatic with cognitive decline Donald Trump is and allowing this microphone to be open would help. Yeah. I feel like he's gonna do a pretty good job of that himself. But Well that's, that's a I yeah, I think we kind of go back and forth like we, we, we, we say a lot, right? That like people understand and know who Trump is. The undecided voters really wanna make sure that they feel like they can get behind Kamala Harris. And so the debate is an opportunity for her to kind of put Trump aside and kind of have a conversation with the American people. I think she's adept enough to do that.


Whether or not Trump's muted or not. I think the fact I just should, the ex-presidents Mike be muted. 'cause he's such a chaotic, so funny maniac that he's self-destructive. And these are two adults and one of them cannot obey even the basic of rules or human forms of discipline. Like what a sad fucking state of affair that says what are the politics of the microphones? We're all, we have to talk about it, but it's fucking insane. It just is I mean? I think that this goes to I mean, I've been thinking about this a lot about how like the media, and I include like a lot of institutions have unintentionally, unintentionally sane washed Trump.


Like how many times have you, like you read like, oh, Trump said this and you watch the video and you're like, he's just talking about Hannibal Lecter did the Economic club event he just did was like absolute gibberish. Yeah. Hour of gibberish. Like his answers on like somehow I believe tariffs are gonna play for pay for childcare. Childcare. Yeah. But like maybe that's wrong. Two minutes of that. Like it genuinely is the kind of thing that if somebody said that in court, you'd be like, okay, so we're gonna, you're gonna No, no. so I think like there is a degree to which like if like I don't think the Harris campaign wants to accidentally sane wash Donald Trump.


I mean every Trump speech was never great, right? There were never particularly, there was not like a real logical threat to them. But in this campaign, every one of them is like Adam Sandler and Billy Madison. I do think if he goes off like that when he goes off like that and rambles like he did in that economic speech, she should have like a line or two in her pocket that's just like, yeah, she, and just like really like I have no idea what he meant by that or what he said. Yeah. But anyway, I just, I wanna know, does he think that seeking asylum and being in an insane asylum are the same thing? That's A good question. I have to know. You Know. Pretty sure he does I mean have to know it?


It seems like yes. That he thinks that. I'm pretty Sure he does. Also, did he watch NBC's Hannibal? In which case I have additional questions. Tommy New York Times reports that Trump's team has quote urged him to be happy Trump in the debate rather than mean bully Trump while pressing a policy-based case against Ms. Harris. Putting aside the likelihood of Trump embracing his happy side, how do you think Kamala should prepare for that possibility? And how should she approach the debate if he is mean bully Trump? Yeah, I think the, the line was happy warrior and I did laugh out loud when I read that.


Yeah. Not because it was bad reporting or because it's bad advice. Frankly. I mean basically what that advisor is telling the New York Times is we hope he doesn't look like an asshole. But I think if you're a staffer, you have to advise your candidate in a way that fits their capacities. And Trump, Trump can be very funny, but it's because he's being the meanest version of a presidential candidate that you've ever seen in your life. You know he is talking about Marco Rubio's genitalia or Ted Cruz's wife or whatever. So there's that part, the, the contrast on policy. I think it's also good advice. Trump staff knows that he hates Kamala Harris. He says constantly, he doesn't think she's smart, he doesn't respect her.


He's angry, but she's pretty, but he's angry that he's running against her. Right? And they do not, she's want the, she's misogynistic racist things he says in private to come out in public. So they want him to focus on immigration, inflation, the economy, and make a policy based argument. We'll see if he can do that. I think for Kamala, she's basically, we'll see. I know. Yeah. It's like time will tell. It's like, we'll see if my dog can do string theory Can fun to do that. I think she's got, I think she has three goals. One is she has to talk about her economic vision for the country. Every poll, every focus group will tell you that people want more information about what she'll do for them and for their financial situation.


She has to lay that out. But two, she has to undercut Trump's record on the economy because voters view the Trump term through rose colored glasses. They think of 2018, not 2020. And I think she needs to remind them that his only legislative accomplishment was passing the biggest tax cut trillion multi-trillion dollar tax cut for billionaires and corporations. And that he's promised a bunch of rich donors that if they cut him big checks, he'll do it again. And then three, to answer your question, like she has to try to get under his skin and annoy him and piss him off and bring out like the feral trump, trump, the Twitter feed, the brooding red-faced probably covid filled. I Think being a biracial woman Do it.


I think that'll make it easy. Yeah, I think she'll be good to go, I think. But You know he was disciplined against Joe Biden, and I think that is kind of the question is he can do it again. Yeah, I agree that they will I mean the, and Kamala's team has been saying this, that they want her to get under his skin. I think that it is, it's much easier to do that than you'd think. Like I don't think she needs a bunch of zingers. No. Or I, I know that the New York Times like interviewed Hillary Clinton and she was talking about how You know when she said, You know you're Putin's puppet. And then of course Trump went back and like, I'm not the puppet, you're the puppet. And then he went back, no puppet. No puppet. I don't actually think you need that. No, I think if you just talk about like the difference in policy, it will freak him out.


It's criticize him. Like if she says, criticize him in any way, I want to protect abortion access and he will make states monitor women's pregnancies. Like he will flip out. It's all like the lesson of the great success of Kamala Harris' campaign over the last seven weeks is that the best way to get knock Trump off his game is not to insult him, it's to be ignore is to ignore his insults. Yes. Right? Yes. It's like when he does that and she just pivots and she just like a little dirt off the shoulders and doesn't care. That drives him bananas. Right. If you were to like in a, in insult fast with Donald Trump, you're playing his game. Well, it's what Jane said, I mean. She's not gonna say What the fuck is this guy doing? But that vibe Yeah.


That is the, I think that is the tone. Yeah. No, I think that if there are any women here who have ever been told some bullshit by a man in their late seventies, like You know Very specific, It's happened You know Amanda in his late seventies who can't, who stands like this? Like I don't, I don't know, it just seems like just ma like noting that I'm a person who is willing to act on behalf of everyday Americans even once who don't like me and this is a maniac. So go from there. Lovett the, the Trump team, and Trump has been like trying out a whole bunch of different attacks on Kamala. They're now telling reporters that their strategy in the debate is to force Kamala to own her partnership with Biden and take responsibility for the parts of his presidency that voters are unhappiest about.


How do you think she should handle that? Yeah, first of all, I think Donald Trump can't force Kamala Harris to do anything in the debate. I think she's too smart for that. I think the, the most important thing she can do in this debate is just sort of put him aside. The less she's addressing him, the more she's talking to the moderators, the more she's talking to the cameras, the, the more he's like a non-entity to her. I think the better You know, the, the Don Bash interview I think was instructive because you don't have to make Kamala Harris own her role in the Biden administration. She's well aware that she's associated with the Biden administration. She's owning that role and she's showing loyalty and, and saying she's proud of her, of the work they've gotten done.


And I'm sure she'll say some version of how much work there is left to be done. And then I think turn to the contrast between what Donald Trump would do going forward and what she would do going forward. I do think there's also space, though. This may be like guilting the Lily and maybe like too cute by half. I don't shouldn't have used both expressions. It was maybe gilding the lily. It was guilting the lily. I, I do think there's something that people instinctively get about Trump that like, Hey man, I know you like complaining from the sidelines. It's very easy from the sidelines to say how much better you'd be at everything and how everything was perfect when you're president. But we remember what it was like when you were president.


We remember how you said you'd fix everything, but yet problems remained. You bring chaos with you. You bring failure with you, you bring blame and you bring antagonism and you bring noise and you bring bullshit. The American people are very sick of that. And so we can choose between a future in which we're gonna do these hard things and it won't be easy and we won't get it all right. And we won't always succeed. Or we can go back to the bullshit and the lying and the chaos and the complaining and the antagonism and the division. And I think like making that the choice and the contrast about the future is a, is a, is the right thing to do. I think I have two thoughts on this because I think first and foremost it's been, it's been really interesting for Donald Trump to pretend he wasn't President.


I mean, believe me, if I could just black out 2016 to 2020, I would, but like the degree like bringing in RFK and talking about like, oh, we're gonna make America healthy again. I'm like, I know from the, I'm sorry to the guy who fed every national championship team McDonald's. Yeah. When they visited the White House, Hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, hey. But more importantly, this is someone who is like, chemicals and water sounds awesome, Lovett. Like we know who this person is. And the degree to which he needs to obfuscate his own presidency is baffling to me. I will also say that like, there there You know there Afghanistan's gonna come up.


Donald Trump talked a lot about getting troops out of Afghanistan. Do you remember the like Donald, the Dove thing in 2016? Remember that? I do. And like the degree to which the same people who were like, we You know it's America first. We gotta get out of Afghanistan. Joe Biden fucking did it. Joe Biden said like, okay, we gotta do this. This is the end of this. And like, obviously I wish it had gone differently, but it is over and it's time for it to end. And like You know for people who Even more specifically on that, Donald Trump negotiated the deal with the Taliban Yes. To get us out on Nine 11. And, and, and Donald Trump has always says, well, they didn't, He invited the Taliban to Camp David on nine 11.


Yes. And actually that we would've withdrawn from Afghanistan earlier under the Trump timeframe. Yeah. Joe Biden extended it. Now again, I'm with you like, yeah, it didn't end well. No, we shouldn't pretend it was No, it wasn't like the most consequential airlift in history. Like disastrous things happened on that day. Service members lost their lives. Yeah. A lot of people helped out. The United States were left behind. But the fact that Trump whitewashed his own record on Afghanistan makes me crazy. No. And it, it's, it's, it's really frustrating to see Trump promise something to people and people be like, yes, we want that. And then someone does it. And people being, we don't like how it happened. Yes. I don't like how it happened either, but someone fucking did it. And I think that there's something really to be said about how we cannot as voters, as people as You know Kamala Harrison debate.


You can't let Trump have it both ways. You can't let him be the best president and also a bystander. It's not fair and it's not fair to us as voters. Yeah. That is his, that is his shtick. All right. Real quick around the horn. You're talking to Kamala Harris right before she goes out on stage. What is the the one thing you want her to leave voters with and and do in this debate? If you have one thing to say, Dan, It is that voters want to hear Kam voters wanna hear Kamala Harris talk about Kamala Harris more than they wanna hear Kamala Harris talk about Trump. What they are thirsting for is information about her, her story, her visions, and the kind of president she would be.


It's we're not just one piece of bad information away from a bunch of swing voters leaving Trump. Yeah. Yeah. And you said this. I think it's just he cares about himself. I am fighting for the whole country. All he cares about is himself. That's it. And I'm, I'm for everyone. Okay. We're gonna take a quick break, but when we come back, you're gonna hear from Chris love of Arizona for abortion access.


Positive America is brought to you by Americans United for separation of church and state clean water, fresh air, our health, electricity we tend to take for granted the things that matter most like the separation of church and state. For more than 75 years, Americans United has been on the front lies defending your freedom to live and believe as you choose so long as you don't harm others. But that right is not a given. Every day it seems like Christian nationalists are hatching new plots to force us all to live by their narrow beliefs. Yeah. It's called Project 2025. This is, this is heavily featured in there, backed by a billion dollar shadow network. This vocal minority is pushing their anti-democratic agenda everywhere. But here's the thing, you can make a difference. Join Americans United for Separation of church and State in our growing movement. 'cause church state separation protects everyone learn more and get involved at au.org/crooked. That's au.org/crooked.


A small businesses Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or what is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


If you went on a road trip and you didn't stop for a Big Mac or drop a crispy fry between the car seats or use your McDonald's bag as a place mat, then that wasn't a road trip. It was just a really long drive bottom At participating McDonald's.


As You know, sometimes the choices in politics can be pretty stark. Here in Arizona you have the folks who love the 1864 abortion ban. And then you have the folks working night and day to enshrine abortion rights in your constitution through Pop Prop 1 39. Joining us now is Chris Love spokesperson for Arizona for abortion access. Welcome Chris. Woo. Chris. Hey Chris. Hey, how are you?


Well, I was nervous, but what a warm welcome. Good evening, Arizona. so I am thrilled to speak to you guys tonight, right? First, I wanna thank the relentless and really damn funny and smart advocates of Pod Save for coming to Phoenix and for giving me a few minutes to tell you the story of Proposition 1 39, the Arizona Abortion Access Act.


So let me take you back a couple of years. In 2022, when Trump's Supreme Court threw away 50 years of legal precedent to destroy Roe v. Wade, I know Bohi, they created chaos all over the country. And definitely here in the state of Arizona, it caused doctors and nurses to fear that they might lose their licenses and their freedom because the laws that we had still on the books included criminal penalties for anyone performing or assisting with an abortion. I know boo keep boo.


And that's on top of fearing for the health and safety of pregnant patients in Arizona who could no longer be legally treated. What happened in Arizona in 2022 was dangerous and unjust. And it's why reproductive rights, healthcare and voting rights organizations got together to create what is now Proposition 1 39, the Arizona Abortion Access Act. So Prop 1 39 is a constitutional amendment that will be on our ballot this fall, and we all must vote yes on Prop 1 39.


It gives freedom back to patients and their doctors to make personal medical decisions that are right for them. And it gets politicians out of the way. But we still need your help to press Prop 1 39, right? So please go to our website, Arizona for abortion access.org and donate because it's expensive. Sign up to volunteer and tell everyone who will listen why we all need to vote.


Yes. It's gonna be a long ballot, folks, four pages this year. Yeah, exactly. And Prop 1 39 is gonna be on the back at the bottom. Right? So we need your help to get the word out just a little more. This is our chance to make history again and protect right to abortion access here in Arizona. Free from government interference. Yeah. But again, I need every single person in this auditorium tonight to do what you can and stand with us every day from now until November 5th.


We cannot do this without you. I'm so grateful to be in this fight with our Pod Save Phoenix folks today And with all of you. Thank you so much and we'll see you at our victory party on November 5th. Good up for Chris Love. Alright, let's get back to the news. I'm sure a lot of you were at the Arizona Biltmore on Thursday to catch the charismatic powerhouse of the 2024 cycle Ohio Senator JD Vance, You're just mad 'cause he is so hot.


So at one point, Vance was asked about the recent news that John McCain's son, Jimmy, a veteran like his father, has decided to vote for Kamala Harris. Here's what he said. I do not believe for a second that if John McCain were alive today and he sees what's going on at the American Southern border, that he would support Kamala Harris and all the destruction that she's wrt. Who cares what somebody's family thinks about a presidential race? I care about what these people care about. The presidential race. I, I, I really couldn't. The media is turning into a story what John McCain's family says about Donald Trump.


Oof. I'm not sure I'd be so dismissive of a family that's reved in a a must win state that went blue in 2020. But then again, I don't have JD Vance's political acumen. So, but I bring this up because the McCain brand of conservatism was once the, the dominance strain of politics here in Arizona not very long ago. Now we got Kari Lake and Joe Arpaio. You guys don't like them. Jane, you've been doing a lot of reporting on this and what's changed? What did you learn? So first and foremost, let me just say again, he went to Ohio State.


Yeah, there you Go. That's, there You go. That's what happens. But so I, I had the opportunity to speak with amazing Arizona state legislator, Lorena Austin, and they told me about how the Republicans that they experience on a daily basis are so extreme that when they talk to other people about them, people don't believe them. You know. You talk about somebody like Wendy Rogers who has not yet met a Nazi, she's not into Wendy Rogers who said that You know we got it right in 1864.


And let me just say nothing, nothing good happened in 1864. We had this really great conversation talking about how Arizona is changing. But the Republican party here has been locked in this purity spiral of election denialism and election denialism continued. And we saw this in 2020. We saw it with Carrie Lake deciding that she's actually governor, which You know she isn't. But what we've seen again and again, and you guys know this You know that Arizonans are changing. Arizonans are diverse, Arizonans are thoughtful. Arizonans don't want any of this shit.


And so, But to speak specifically about the Republican party, I talked with amazing journalist, Jen Fa Field from Vote Beat, awesome writer. And she was talking about how like, yeah, You know there's always been this swath of the Arizona GOP that has adhered to extremism. I mean, Joe aeo for example, and like You know the Tea Party. You can go back 20, 25 years or something like that. But it really has been that since Chem Trail, Kelly. And we, we all remember our favorite person Kelly Ward. Yeah. You know. so I think that there really has been this ongoing takeover of the Republican party by extremists who when they lose, they decide, no, no, no, I didn't lose it was stolen.


And then they double down and double down it through primary after primary. And so I think that it's, it's really important. I've got a couple of notes here because it's not just the 1864 ban, it's also Prop three 14. It's also You know Prop 1 37, which would be a lifetime appointment for judges, which Yeah, yeah. Immediately. No, no, we've see, we've seen how that goes. So there are so many important issues to focus on in this election, especially because the Arizona legislature, if we get it to 50 50, that's democratic trifecta in this state. And I think that that's something that people like Lorena, people like Chris people are fighting for across this state.


And like while Carrie Lake can go watch Texas a and m lose, let's go see her lose here. Yeah. Woo. So Tommy You know, as Jane was saying, it's not just in Arizona, it's like all over the country losing. It's cool, Right? Everybody's into it. One example of a very maggot Republican party nominating a very MAGA candidate is in North Carolina. They have their nominee for governor is this cuckoo bananas guy, Mark Robinson, he's called Gay people filth, Michelle Obama, a man Beyonce, satanic Muslims invaders, women unfit to lead and mass shootings karma for abortions.


That's, but there was a story about him this week that was even crazier, a former employee of a video porn shop in Greensboro. He said that about 20 years ago, Mark Robinson, he didn't just frequent the, the, the store once in a while, five nights a week, five nights a week. He, he was a regular in the, the porn preview booths in the porn shop. Very respectful customer. He said, don't worry. I know you've been following the story closely. Yeah. First of all, I don't like how you put phrase that.


Second of all, I'm happy to tell you about it because I have, That's what I thought. Yeah. Mark Robinson, the current Lieutenant governor of North Carolina Republican nominee to be Governor I mean he, he became famous. He became well known in Republican circles because right after the Parkland shooting, he went to I think a city hall or town hall meeting. And he gave this You know very high energy speech about how gun control was wrong. And then he later said a bunch of horrible things about the Parkland students. He called them spoiled little bastards in media Pros tots, which is a fucked up thing to say about high school kids in any context.


But You know these were kids who had just survived the mass shooting that killed 17 people in their own high school. So it's You know, I think that that kind of tells you everything you need to know about Mark Robinson. Unfortunately, for the Republicans in North Carolina, Mark Robinson told us much, much more about himself on Facebook over and over and over again. He was also a Holocaust deni. He used to quote Hitler all the time. He said that Black Panther was Jews trying to take money from black people. I think she, I think shekel. Yeah, sheckles shekel. He did sayles. Shekel did say shekel, Which it's hard to remember all the Mark Robinson quote. No, he Is, he, he said that he wanted to go back to a time before women could vote.


That was another one of his things. And so yeah, I mean, of course what that led to was Republicans loving him and him winning the Republican nomination. And I think Donald Trump told him that he was Martin Luther King on steroids. I believe that's an exact quote. So yeah. So this is, isn't That man suffer enough? I so this gets back to the story John was mentioning. There's a great outlet in North Carolina, I think it's called the Assembly. It's a local North Carolina outlet. They interviewed at it's big assembly fans in the end, right on interviewed some folks who worked, I guess at the front desk at some of these 24 hour porn stores.


They said that Mark Robinson would come in all the time. The deal was you could buy a video for a lot of money or preview a video for less money. So he did that and it gets worse. Mark Robinson worked at a pizza shop. So we'd bring in a pizza and bring it to the booth and eat the pizza in the booth where you preview the video. It's so far, all I'm hearing is king shaming. Listen, I dunno, bring a, bring a black light to that restaurant. That's all I Say. They're not trying to yuck his yum. And So none of you have had pizza after a good night. And so two great Things that go great together. What's Happening with the, what's happening with the leftovers there?


That's a long one of the topics on that pizza. Long discu. Wow. Wow. We were all thinking it. Long, disgusting story short, I read that and I was like, this is very funny. But also it's like the least bad thing I've ever heard about Mark Robinson. Like I'm go jerk off all you want. I don't care. Just like don't do all the other stuff. But what it confused me was like, Hey man, like get a VCR right? Do this, do this in the comfort of your own home. And so I tweeted that and I was very rapidly informed about how I naive I am about what actually goes on in these booths in the back of the store with the pizza and the whatever else.


So projection is what they were trying to say. So yeah, we gotta beat that guy. Josh Stein. Josh Stein was, was beat him the wrong word, but no defeat him. Hang on. I I wanna, I wanna talk about this for a second because we've seen sounds Pretty wacky. Gotta spank him at the polls. We gotta stop this jerk off. I wanna, I wanna get serious here for a second because we've seen how republicans, they know that abortion is a losing issue for them, which everyone in America could have been like, yeah, we know. And so there was You know, a recent ad that Mark Robinson dragged his wife into to talk about and abortion she had about 20 years ago.


And this is the same person who said that abortion happens because women can't keep their skirts down. And I just wanna say again, like you can see it happening across the board. You see it happening in Florida. You see it happening in every state in which abortion is on the ballot, in which Republicans who had long said that abortion should be banned. That women who have abortions are evil. That women who have abortions are murderers after Dobbs. They were like, actually what we meant was we want French abortion law and it's You know it's not really a big deal anymore. We don't really care. And like you can see that with Mark Robinson dragging his wife into this, this You know this.


Again, this is a person who basically accused anyone who has used reproductive services of being a whore. And then he is like, well actually I really support our current laws. And I totally understand this is a very complex issue. And so one, mark Robinson's full of shit. And two, I think that it, it's been interesting to me again and again to see how Republicans try to obfuscate their own extremism and sane wash themselves to say like, no, no, no. What I meant was I want French abortion law. No, no, no. What I want is that I think abortion is bad for women. Like, don't let people lie to you, to your face.


And I I, I'd see that happen with Mark Robinson on this issue. You see it happening in states, You know. You saw people in Kansas and Kentucky and you're seeing it in Missouri, you're seeing it here. You're seeing people saying, stop fucking with me. Stop it. We're done with it. Go Back to your little booth in the store with your pizza. Yeah. Figure it out. And that's your probably work up do with your pizza. You work quite an appetite. Yeah. So That's what you do with your pizza is your business. It's a dipping sauce. So that's a, trying to figure out a segue to the Cheney endorsements.


So speaking of shooting in the face, I still got it. I still got it. Anyway, John, you had a question. That's the, the good side of the party this week, friend of the Pod, Liz Cheney and her father, poster child for compassionate conservatism, Dick Cheney both said they were, they're voting for Kamala Harris. I, I have to ask, I have to, I have to know which of you thought in like 2002 that you'd be like, woo, Dick Cheney You know Lovett.


How do you feel that you are voting for the same candidate as Dick Cheney? And the more serious question, how many more of these old guard Republicans that are You know sort of a shrinking in number at this point? Do you think the Harris campaign should go after? Do you think this is, these are valuable endorsements in any way? What do you think? Well, first of all, I mean Dick Chaney and I voted the same way before we voted the same way in 2008. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Just kidding. Just kidding. So flip it, I always wa was a puma. so I, I, we should be very like, like we should fully embrace that Dick Cha.


Like there's a little bit, I think like online if he would been like, I Dick Cheney's bad. Like it feels weird. No, no. We should be unabashedly embracing the fact that Dick Cheney and Liz Cheney are endorsing Kamala Harris. The reason we should, we should because it, Because We did not compromise to get that endorsement. And when people look, I wish it weren't as hard for leading Republicans to admit the truth and do the right thing, but clearly it is because so few of them have done it and we can decide whether or not these people were weaker and shittier and more craven than we could have possibly imagined. Or if this does require some moral courage, it's probably a mix of both. But when someone does something hard that you've asked them to do, you should be glad that they did it.


We forget that there was this moment when there were some Republicans who were anti-Trump, but also anti Democrat. They were like, well, if Democrats really believed what they said about the threat of Trump, they'd compromise all their values to get debt Republicans to come vote. They'd be, they'd compromise on choice, they'd compromise on the economy, they'd compromise on healthcare, whatever it may be. And we haven't done that, right? We've been on it, we've shifted to the left, like on economic policy. Like we have, we have, we are fighting for abortion access all across the country. And so when, when Dick Cheney embraces that, that's not something that reflects poorly on us, just reflects actually poorly on all the Republicans that are refusing to do it. so I think like as much As we can be telling a story about those kinds of Republicans willing to come out and say, I'm not just, I'm not writing in Abraham fucking Lincoln because I'm not a child.


I understand that there's two people on that ballot. I'm either for Trump or I'm for Kamala Harris. I'm either gonna participate or I'm not. I think the better. And like, yes, like You know, I saw there was a story today about like no one expects George W. Bush to come out of his studio to help the country. Not the first time we've been disappointed by George W. Bush won't be the last, His, his office put out a statement saying he's not endorsing. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, well Dick fucking Cheney did it. Yeah. Yeah. He put out a statement. What's the point of having a Profile man do something with it? What are you waiting for? Yeah. Again, we're waiting, we, we, we are genuinely waiting for George W. Bush.


No You know nobody, nobody's waiting. But like He's got a choice. It's like, no, you're gonna vote or you're not. So just, but to your point before, to your point before though, like I do think it has been really just interesting and confusing. If you look at like Bush Republicans from the early two thousands who have turned out to have like backbone and integrity and who have, who have been craving little fucking weasels and like, honestly it's surprising in both directions. No. And it, it was wild. If you watch the Republican National Convention, you'd believe that the Republican party began in 2016. They're like, yeah, before then it was just like, yeah, I, I don't know. You know Ronald Reagan who he, yeah. Like it just, it's been, it's been wild.


The a restorization of the Republican party we're just like, it's Trump. It's all Trump. Everybody's trump, Trump, trump, trump. And like it, it's I mean as someone who was and remained deeply opposed to literally everything Dick Cheney did. Sometimes a broken clock is right. Like It'll Happen sometimes. Dick Cheney, welcome to the resistance. Dan, you and I talked on Friday's Pod about how unlikely it is that the Republican party, even if Trump loses, goes back to the days of Cheney, McCain, whatever, They still sucked to be clear.


Yeah. But You know Benji Saland and Semafo had a good piece about how like these, the MAGA candidates who have like refashioned themselves in Donald Trump's image don't seem to be doing well electorally. Right? And so, which is great, We applaud that. Yeah. And like, why do you think that is and and what do you think that means for like Democrats facing Republican candidates who aren't as maga as a Kari Lake or a Donald Trump or So I? Think there are ways to look about this. First is it is important for Democrats who truly understand Donald Trump's appeal because he's in his third national election. He is trending towards As.


we sit here again getting another 47% of Americans to vote for him for president. And part of that Ed, what's interesting is that Donald Trump is not a popular person, but the Republican party is much less popular than Donald Trump. He, for a lot of voters represents an outsider. Right? It's important to understand just how big a celebrity Donald Trump is for a lot of Americans. Like I had, someone sent me a Pizza Hut ad from the early two thousands of Donald Trump. He was the Pizza Hut spokesperson eating Pizza Hut on Trump force. One is it is this avatar of wealth in America, right? He was in an episode of Sex in the City if Episode, so Sex in the City, he was in home alone. Two was he previewing a movie he was in Cut that and Be, and because of his and because of his celebrity, he is able to allude to of the things that have failed Republicans in most elections.


One because he is this celebrity millionaire thre, married CAD from New York. He doesn't come across as the same sort of abortion hating, homophobic Republican, even though all of his policies reflect that to most people. And so there is this view among a lot of voters that in the Rorschach test that he is personally more socially liberal than Republicans. Then also because he is run as this nationalist candidate, he also doesn't seem like the social security cutting, tax cut, giving away Republicans like Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan. And so he's alluding both those things. So when you take another, like the sort of MAGA candidates like Kerry Lake who lost in 2022, what they are is they're just worst versions of the Republicans that people already hate.


And so part of that, you can look at that and say, well yes, if we are able to defeat Donald Trump as I sure hope we do, and he does not run for president again, now the Republicans have a, they've adopted a philosophy with a bunch of people who do not have the charisma or the ability to carry that movement forward. Like honestly, the two people before, if you had asked this two years ago, who are the two people who would be the potential leaders of the Macca movement that Donald Trump were to go away? And that person was not Donald Trump Jr. It would be Rhonda Sandis and JD Vance. Yeah. These people cannot even order fucking donuts like a humor. Okay. But, but they're, even if they do not have Donald Trump's like political appeal and that makes me wanna throw up my mouth to say that.


But even if they don't have that, what Donald Trump has created is something incredibly dangerous in the radicalization of a generation of Republicans that goes forward and means that in, in a polarized co country, any Republican can win in a certain year if the, if the conditions are right. So we are, yes we can defeat Donald Trump here. We have to defeat Donald Trump. We have to defeat Kerry Lake. But the seeds of what created Donald Trump and Kerry Lake is going to exist going forward. And that's something we have to take on. Yeah. I mean Mark, Mark Robinson is still in the hunt. Yeah, he's the current lieutenant governor. Yep. I think I mean, one thing that I think is always interesting is we, we were told over and over in 2016 and 2017 that Trumpism was about populism, about economic protectionism.


And it's been interesting to see how many Trumpist candidates were like, I hear that I'm just gonna be racist. Like Corey Stewart in Virginia who is from Minnesota and went to St. Olaf College and then was like, the people who wanna take down Confederate memorials are the Taliban. Like you saw that again Roy Moore in Alabama, like carry a light. You see this again and again and again about how Trumpism, there is no such thing as Trumpism. There are people like the populist project, as you're seeing now as Tucker Carlson decides that Nazim is a fun new thing. We're trying like it's been interesting again to see like there is no such thing, the Trumpist ideology does not exist because it can't exist beyond him.


He has no coattails. There's no one who's like, oh, I'm gonna You know I try and do this thing. It's just people hating people. It's Marco Rubio saying that I'm fine making Amazon workers piss in bottles so that they don't have to leave the clock as long as they don't sell books about trans people. It's Josh Hawley being whatever that is. Like there are no coattails. There is no such thing as Trumpism. There is only Trump and weirdo Trumpist drag queens. Either way we gotta beat 'em. Yeah.


So Vote Save America dot com. Head there, sign up if you haven't. We're trying to get as many volunteers As we can for our organizer else goals, we're trying to hit 75,000 people. So go to Vote Save America dot com if you haven't signed up already. And when we come back, Dan talks to your next senator Ruben Gallego,


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated exclusion terms and conditions of life.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's Great Smoky Mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it. ISS creating fog and that makes the Smokies Smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com. Tennessee Sounds. perfect.


If you went on a road trip and you didn't stop for a Big Mac or drop a crispy fry between the car seats or use your McDonald's bag as a place mat, then that wasn't a road trip. It was just a really long drive Participating McDonald's,


Please welcome to the stage your congressman in the next center from Arizona. Ruben, go. I think they like you. Okay, so you just heard us talk for the last 20 minutes or so about how politics in Arizona have changed over the years. You're a lifelong Arizonan, you've run for office here. I wanna get your take on how Arizona went from the Arizona Republicans went from the party of John McCain to the party of Kerry Lake.


How long do we have? As long as you need, sir. Look, You know I, many of us actually know the McCain family have known the McCain family. And I think one of the things that people don't understand, the reason why Democrats, independents and Republicans have respect for the McCain family, it's not the politics, it's the service, right? And the fact that Sir McCain and his family, we at the core always understood that they would always put country first. And we saw that time and time again, even though many of us here were knocking doors trying to make sure someone else got elected a lot of times. But at the core we knew that that was still a good man. And then that family really was dedicated to Arizona and the United States.


I think what happened many, many, many times, and this is prior even to Donald Trump, is that politicians moved from service to self-service. And Kerry Lake is a prime example of that. As soon as she saw that she can gain some power, as soon as she saw the ability to gain some fame, You know. And when she realized that she was a failed newscaster, the next thing she wanted to do was become a failed politician. And I'm gonna ensure that's gonna happen again. But this is why if you ever see Carrie Lake's You know evolution in politics, it's all over the place. 'cause she will say anything, anything possible. She will lie.


She will confuse people, she'll try to confuse you. She's gotten sued by fellow Republicans. She admitted that she lied about the 2020 election. Now she is lying about lying about the 2020 election. But that's a very dangerous politician. 'cause like as you said, You know this is a 50 50 state. So You know on any given roll the dice, they can win. And that's very consequential. I have been fascinated by your race because for many reasons, one, obviously what's happening in Arizona is gonna turn control the Senate, control the White House, so many important things. But it's also really ground zero for I think the three issues that are fining the 2024 election across the country. Abortion, immigration, and the big lie.


And so I wanted to start with abortion, right? Where you have had this 1864 law, you have the Prop 1 39 now on the ballot, and you have a, an opponent who is, has an A position that I can't truly understand. She has been for the law against the law. But I wanna just ask you how prop 1 39 and sort of the emergence of abortion has changed your race. And if you could possibly tell me what Kerry Lake's position on abortion actually is. Well, prop 1 39 is important because We need to protect women's rights to control their body. Not a doubt. And leaving this, leaving this, this right to the Arizona legislature, and you've met them.


Well, you met the good ones. It's, but it's, it's scary, right? And so the work that Chris Love and the Prop 1 39 committee is, is doing is, is, is heroic work for Arizona. How has this changed? I will say this, Arizona actually has always been a fairly pro-choice. State Democrats and Republicans You know the Goldwater family was involved in the first starting of Planned Parenthood here in Arizona. It's not uncommon if you go to a Planned Parenthood luncheon here, you'll see Republican women there and, and You know a lot of them. I think what this has done though, now, this conversation has been pushed forward into other areas for the first time in You know, since I can remember, I hear Latino men talking about abortion rights.


I hear them talking about concern that the health of their wives and their family and their daughters is now at risk because of these extreme politicians that took away their family's ability to make choices for themselves. I hear You know, You know your, your kind of country club Republican male now talking about how extreme this is. So this has really kind of crossed these barriers that just didn't exist before. And I think now everyone feels more comfortable having these conversations versus before a lot of people did not really talk about abortion rights outside the confines of politics. And now it's something that we hear and we talk about almost You know. You feel, people feel very comfortable talking about it in every aspect because now we realize that it is really, really at risk.


Where is Care Lake on this? we don't know, but it's bad. And here's why. In 2022, she said the 1864 law was a great law. What was the 1864 law? Let's make sure we understand That is it said, no exceptions for rape or incest to begin with. Number one, great law is what she called it. If you're a provider, a doctor, a nurse that decide to give an abort someone who, for example, didn't get raped or was victim of incest, two years mandatory in jail. And she called that a great law.


So fast forward e to 1884. Wow. Sorry, I was in the Navajo Nation early in the morning, so to 2024. What did she start saying about this? Now it's, it's a great law, but it's a shame that the Attorney General won't enforce it. The Sheriffs of Arizona should enforce it. Have you guys met some of the sheriffs in Arizona? There's some good ones, but imagine back in the day, sheriff Joe Powell enforcing some of these like extreme abortion bans and on and on on. So she will say anything. She will do anything. The most important thing we have to understand is women are in danger. If Ka lake is apo, is, is appointed, is elected, And what she says now, we cannot take to the bank if she cha if she said only two years ago that this was a great law, if she, if this is the same person that says she was thrilled when Roe was overturned, how can we trust her with a woman's right to control her body?


We can't, it's not, it's not a safe choice. And a point I would make for our, listen, everyone here in this room knows this, but for our listeners back home, we're gonna hear this podcast tomorrow morning, is difference between Reen Ggo and Kerry Lake in the Senate difference between likely giving President Conway Harris, a majority that would enshrine Ru v Wade as a law in this country. 100%, Yes. So I wanna talk a little about immigration, right? You're a congressman from a border state. I watch all the political ads I've seen Kerry Lake's ads and the super PAC ads about you. They're largely about the border. They're attacking you on the border. Kerry Lake is even associated herself or e or sort of echoed some of the great replacement theory and now she's talked about why people come to this country and immigrants, the Democratic Party.


How, how is immigration coming up in your race and what is it that democrats around the country don't unders maybe don't get about the politics of immigration when you're from a place like Arizona? Well, I think actually the Democrats in Arizona actually get and understand border politics and immigration better than almost anyone else in the country, I would imagine. Yeah, we've, we've had, we've been having this discussion for years and also we're very realistic about the border and the border politics, the problems, but also some of the benefits, right? Right. Now we would get on, on the road, we'd get to the border, probably nogalas in about two and a half hours, two hours and 15 minutes. so I drive, but what does that mean is that we actually understand the border for, for what it is, right?


Billions, billions and billions of dollars worth of trade crosses that border every day. We have US citizens that live on the Mexico side and come over. We had Mexican nationals that come over and work here in the United States and shop during COVID one of the two places in the country where non-citizens were allowed to cross over was Yuma, Arizona. You know why if we didn't have those Mexican nationals that have visas to cross over to pull our winter lettuce, the majority of the winter lettuce in America would've gone, would've rotted on the field. So we understand the border that this is something that we can work with, but we also need to improve it, right?


We do need more border patrol, we need more customs agents, we need more technology to check the fentanyl. But we also need politicians that are willing to work for border solutions and not want a border problem, right? And that's what Carrier Lake represents. You know we had a, a good border compromise bill that would've brought in more security at the border, more scanners, all the technology we wanted to You know for, for us to be checking the vehicles that are coming through so we could actually stop the fentanyl at the border. And Carrie Lake said, do not vote for it, not because there was a better bill coming up, not because if you held out it's gonna come better, it's gonna be better because she knew that this was a solution, that it would end her campaign.


She needs that border drama because she has nothing else to talk about. What she gonna talk about? Abortion? We already just talked about that. Right? So this is why You know when we talk about it, if you see our commercials, we actually talk about solutions. We talk about what we've done too. You know, one of the first bills I jumped in on to help out when I first got to Congress was with Martha McSally, another veteran to help veterans move from leaving the military and go become border patrol. Just a couple weeks ago, I joined in with a Republican, Dan Crenshaw, who has a really good bill to help government officials, law enforcement, be able to transfer over their clearances so that way it doesn't take as long with bureaucracy. So these are the things that we consistently point out.


And I think that's the difference, is that You know when Carrie Lake sees a border problem, she runs to the camera, I run to solutions and that's how we're gonna win this. There's obviously in dealing with the, with immigration United States, there's two challenges, right? There is border security and there's what do we do with the immigrants who are already here, right? And what do the undocumented people are already here? And how do you find the balance in that conversation between border security and a comprehensive immigration reform? That is fair. I I gotta tell you, I think it's mostly the Washington DC kind of punditry that doesn't understand that most, your middle road Arizonan wants both border security and immigration form, right?


It's, it's not an either or. And, and, and this is You know, and this is not just You know, talking to your, your You know, your country club Republican in, in Mesa or Scottsdale. If you talk to Latinos, they'll say the same thing too. It said You know they want to see more security at the border. They want to see You know stricter, You know asylum claims being adjudicated, but they also wanna deal with the status of dreamers. Right? The fact that we have hundreds of thousands of dreamers in Arizona, and they're not kids anymore, they now have families, they're teachers, they're part of our community. They have businesses, they have homes and You know you have a very severe threat coming from people like Care Lake who says she will deport dreamers, right?


In a time and place where these people are part of our society, they have American kids, many of them, we have one politician that's going to deport these people that came here not through their own volition and want to be US citizens, but if it isn't for our own isn't because of the broken immigration system, they don't actually have the ability to do that. There are lots of other families, right? We talk about how You know, You know. We're a country of, of, of You know keeping families together and making families strong. We have a lot of mixed status families, right? Where we have a woman who is married to a US citizen, but has not been able to fix her paperwork. You know we should give them an opportunity to also become here legally and get in the process.


And it's so at the same time, we can also have border security. It's possible to do that. We've done it in the past. I don't understand why we think we can't do it again. I'm glad you brought up dreamers because you may not remember this, but 10 years ago, I think it was 10 years ago, you flew to Arizona on Air Force One with Barack Obama. Yeah. Yeah. And he was coming here to do an event on housing policy. This was right after the State of the Union in 2014 or 2015. And you were fresh into Congress at the time. And there was a group of really well-meaning young people who were planning to protest the president at the event. They were dreamers. And we didn't know what we were gonna do about the pro about the protest. And Congressman Gallego said he would go meet with them and talk to them about it before the event.


And I remember very well, I watched that meeting. It was an incredibly impressive thing where you sat down with these young people, you to their concerns. You address them and you promise they'd have someone in Washington, but listen to them. And that is something that has always stuck with you. And I thought about you and your political career in that moment. Thank you. I thank you. Okay. My You know, I, I have so many friends that close friends that, that are dreamers, and I've been working with them and, and I You know, I used to call 'em kids and now they're You know adults. They have kids. You know they're, they're, they're, they're like family to me. And it would be just a stain on this country if, if we deported them because We couldn't fix immigrations more.


We couldn't stop these You know radical politicians like, like Kerry Lake. But I mean in general. You know. I think that's the one thing that we just don't do enough. And I think this is one of the reasons why we're doing well on this campaign is 'cause we are traveling the state. We're going to some of the reddest areas of the state, and I am actually sitting down having conversations with my Republican counterparts, treating them with respect, asking what they need, what they, what they look, what they're looking for from their senator or from the government. And guess what, super majority of the time I'm not getting any support. And that's fine, but I'm making myself available to them so they know that they have someone to talk to that even if you didn't support me in this election, when I'm in there, I'm gonna come back to Havasu.


I'm gonna be coming back You know to Mojave County. I'm gonna be going back to some of these places that, you know, what are ignored by Democrats and Republicans and even You know, after 75% of time when I get rejected, we do get one or two Republicans are saying, you know what? I'm glad you're here. I'm glad we're talking. I wanna build on this and I am gonna support you. And I think that's more and more that we need to be doing. And look, Arizona is not representative by this population here. It, it still is a Republican leaning state. There are about 200,000 more Republicans registered in Arizona than Democrats. So as a Democrat, you have to work across the aisle to get them to crum over, to support you.


And that means you have to have very honest and frank conversations. So Arizona is also one of the states where the Trump folks worked very hard to overturn the election. There's been an indictment of Arizona politicians, including several former a of the Trump campaign. A lot of Republicans who are running for office in battleground states have tried to walk away from their role in the big lie. And January 6th and all of that, your opponent is one of the proudest and loudest pushers of the dangerous conspiracy theory of the big lie. Is this something voters are still interested in, focused on? Does it come up in your race? It does, but it's, it, it kind of comes up in the overall picture of who she is.


She's dangerous. She'll say anything, do anything to get power, and they don't trust her because of that. It also comes up with a lot of You know independents, Republicans and veterans, people that You know like me sort of uphold the constitution of the United States at a very young age that still feel that You know they have some fey to that oath and that someone like Kerry Lake is violating that and consistently, and it's also insulting, right? You know you're telling these people that somehow in 20 22, 2 other Republicans running statewide got more votes than her. And then we also elected two Republicans in swing congressional districts and kept the State House and state Senate for Republicans.


But we decided somehow to just screw her election. So like in our whole, like, and, and by the way, the fact that Democrats are that organized to do that, I, I love us, but let's be honest, but this This is what she's telling people. Like, and she's I mean, she believes it. You know. I I had a run in with her at the airport and when I asked her like, how did you, how did you lose, how did these other two Republicans win? And, and you lose. And she just, like, everybody knows everyone just went full, full, full, full.


But You know this is something that You know people see and they, and they kind of attach to other politics, like, how can I trust you if you're lying to my face? And then she gets sued for defamation. Then she admits that she lies part of the, the, the lawsuit. And, and now she's lying about lying about the lawsuit. So this is where You know she's doing the basic mistake I think in, in Arizona politics, that people do not trust her and they're not gonna trust someone who they think is just a craven politician doing whatever she can just to gain power. Okay, last and very tough question for you.


How can the people either in this room are listening at home, how can they help you defeat Kerry Lake and give the Democrats the majority that President Kamala Harris needs in the Senate? Thank you. Number one, we gotta get our commercials out there. We gotta get our mail, gotta get our digital. We can donate www gallego for arizona.com. Really appreciate it. It's Gallego, not gallegos. Happens a lot. It's okay. Two You know this election, whether it's top a ticket all the way to the bottom, they're gonna be decided by a couple hundred votes, a couple thousand votes. We had a, a attorney general's race that last year was decided with around 250 votes, right?


So door knock call, volunteer every time you can. We have about 30 days till ballots drop. We're an early voting state. Arizonans, Democrats, republicans, independents love to vote early. So let's talk to them. Let's have respectful conversations with our fellow Arizonans. Let's remind 'em that we're all Patriots. We all wanna do the same thing. We all wanna Arizona move forward. If we do that, we will win Arizona. Again, Please give it up for your next senator, Ruben Gallego. Thank you. Thank you. When we come back again and we're back, There are two, there are two kinds of people in this world.


There's the kind of person who bumps into their political opponent at outside a bathroom at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, and thinks even though I find my opponent's election denialism and extremism important, we are both human beings. And perhaps in this one fleeting moment away from the draw of endless shouting matches and viral confrontations, we might be able to see each other as such. And perhaps if I model the kind of patriotism that says we can argue and compete at the end of the day, shake hands and respect the outcome of an election, we can help restore that kind of politics for all of us. Until you notice she's, she's sort of cheating out a little because is she fucking filming me? And then there's the other kind of person, the person filming you. And so it's time for a game. We're calling carried interest.


AKA lake, lake. Don't tell me. Most Arizonans, they understand that Ka lake is a dangerous crank. They've already gone to the polls once and said, no thank you. But like a chef offering you seconds of a dish you sent back because you ordered your burger medium. But what came out was well done, dog shit. Kari Lake is back and we have to remind Arizonans of just how out of touch and out of her mind she is because it's frankly hard to believe. Here's how it works. We have two teams, Reuben Gallego, because you were a Marine, I've teamed you up with the second toughest person on this stage.


Jane. Woo. Let's go. Let's do it. Tommy John and Dan will be the other team. I will ask questions. You will alternate going first. If you are right, you get a point. If not, the other team can steal for two points. Now it says here that John Tommy and Dan are group A, but former and active military members board first. So we're gonna start with Jane and the congressman. Question one, denying the results of the election she lost in 2022. Carrie Lake claimed to have whose blood coursing through her veins, Trump incorrect, ah, for the steal.


Whose blood, whose blood did she say was coursing through her veins as she fought to steal the election? Barry Goldwater. No, no, that's a good call. Wait, wait, I'm sorry. You want, you can, you can go George Washington. Yes. God double still. It was the founding fathers. She said Benjamin Franklin and the founding fathers, many assumed it was a metaphor, but she actually broke into the Smithsonian in a daring Midnight raid. No, that's not, that's not right. Alright, over to John, Dan and Tommy too. Carrie Lake's ongoing refusal to accept election results she doesn't like has actually inspired a song.


What is the name of that song? I mean, you I found it. Yeah. I have no idea. And I'm proud of that. 81 million votes. So close. 81 million votes my ass. Correct. And I believe we have a clip. I believe we have a clip. It's, it's a rap song too. Just to be clear, They've pissed off an already pissed off woman. 81 million votes mad. The crime was committed in broad daylight. We're living on planet crazy.


We are living on planet crazy. It does slap. All right. She wants to vote on your behalf in the Senate. Just remember that. Alright, Jane, Congressman Gallego when sued for defamation over her baseless allegations against election officials, the kinds of allegations that have led to threats and forced officials to go into hiding. How did Carrie Lake defend her previous comments in March of this year? She admitted that she actually lied. Yeah. And accepted the fact that she said that she defamed Stephen richer. Yes. I I feel like people don't appreciate this. I didn't know that. She did not. Wow. People don't get this. She did not contest the charges.


She surrendered, allowed the court to move straight to damages. And then as you pointed out during the interview, she's now lying about how she admitted to lying. Correct? About the big fucking lie. Yes. Wow. There's a, you may have noticed she's kind of a liar. Yeah, It comes up a lot. That's the, that's the through line Human light opinion. John Tommy and Dan, according to Carrie Lake, when did America first see racial hatred? Racial racial hatred? When did it appear? The, it was the Obama era. It was when Barack Obama was elected. That's correct. Yeah, that's right. That's correct. I I don't believe there was racist hatred. Obama stoked that. Oh, so it's huge news.


What must thing to worry about? Oh, well, back to you Congressman and Jane. What did Harry Lake consider one of the greatest acts of cowardice in American history? She described this as one of the greatest acts of cowardice. What was the act? Voting to protect the a CA Ah, incorrect for the steal. Ah, Mike Pence. Is that Mike? Mike. Mike Pence. Mike Pence, that's correct. Ah, it was Mike Pence certifying the election. Mike Pence not creating a new made up rule, which as the vice president picks the president, was an act of es I don't wanna bring the vibe down, but I actually was thinking about this, which is Congressman.


No, look serious. The vibe is so high right now. What? The vibe is so good Right now. The vibe is great, but No, but I really wanted to ask you this, which is, look, I don't, I don't like Mike Pence very much, but you can't describe what he did as COEs. He was under a lot of pressure and he stood up to do the right thing. You've someone who's shown courage and you've been around people that shown courage. You're humble, but that's a big part of who you are. What does it tell you about Carrie Lake's character? That she's confusing, a genuine act of like backbone with ous? Well, she doesn't, she's never had been put in a situation like that. And because she never has ever put in a situation where she has to make a decision between herself and country, she basically makes an excuse and tries to say someone else is a coward.


When in fact she is the coward. I would just say, Jane, when Carrie Lake said, I'm in perfect health, the brakes on my car have been checked and they in working order, I am not suicidal. Who is she suggesting might try to take her out? Wait, who is she suggesting what for? Everyone. Who's that? That's for that request. Carrie Lake. You guys take this one. Carrie Lake said, I'm in perfect health. The brakes on my car have been checked. They're in working order and I'm not suicidal. Who is she suggesting might try to take her out? This is a real quote, Joe Biden.


Sure. Yeah. Joe Biden incorrect. It was Hillary Clinton. Whoa. That was a twist. Should have known. Honestly, that's always the answer. It's a, That's just second fault when it doubt with her, it's always that. Yeah. Yeah. That we should have known. Is there, is there slaughter rule to this? I'd be like, I know. Yeah, you're crushing. I understand there's a sports term in there. Like how like in a little league game if the kids are winning by too much. Alright, back to you Congressman and Jane. Carrie Lake was caught on tape saying the only people who can enforce that law are our sheriffs. And we need to start asking the sheriffs if they're willing to enforce that.


What is the law? Carrie Lake was referring to 1864 abortion law. That's correct. She said that in April of this year, when she was meeting with Republicans behind closed doors less than six months ago, a law she has repeatedly praised, you know what that sound means? Do You know? you know what says sound means it's a lightning round where the points really add up. And so and so. It's time to play a round of Say it with me. Who would carry Lake throw in jail for personal or political reasons?


Now, anyone can shout out the answer if they know it. That's how the lightning round works. How dare you said, fuck you Harley Jarvis. He's compared. How dare you. Alright. Carrie Lake has not just brainstormed about getting sheriffs to enforce an abortion law passed before women could vote or doctors knew about washing their hands, believing the government should go after people she doesn't like as her kind of, kind of her vibe. Any team can answer. First up, Carrie Lake referred to the members of this profession as criminals. Doctors, nurses, not hear teachers, nurses, you're getting warmer. Give you a hint.


They're the enemy of the people. FCIs You. We'll get there. Journal. It's journalists. Journalists. Oh, it's journalists. We were close. We should have known that. Do not believe a word that the corrupt media says that they're, they're liars. And frankly, I think they're criminal. Yeah, They should be I mean. Some of them probably should be locked up. Alright, wild. She was an, she was an anchor, I believe a TV anchor. She was a TV anchor that she was a part of the profession. Double checking. That was, that's zeal Of the converted. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not a good one. Carrie Lake said, Iver meant it is a wonder drug before suggesting the sheriff's arrest this Doctor f Anthony Fauci.


That is true. I'm encouraging any law, any lawman here. And I'm talking sheriff's to issue a warrant for Anthony FCIs arrest out of Arizona. Ka Lake also wanted to jail this opponent and former Arizona Secretary of State, Katie Hobbs. Katie Hobbes. Correct. Katie Hobbs is gonna have a really tough time campaigning from behind bars, to be honest. What do You mean? Katie Hobbs is gonna be behind bars. Okay. you know what I mean? Steve? She's the, she's basically the mastermind of the 2020 election. You didn't know this. You didn't know this. It was Katie Hobbs pulling Obama strings, pulling Biden strings, pulling ka You.


know it goes all the way to the top. Katie. Fucking Hobbes. Yeah. Arrest her. Fucking arrest her. Ring light there, man. Their face was glowing. I know. I just, I have to say that in comparison to Steve Bannon. I'm like, damn, Carrie. Yeah. That lighting is so good. That lighting is good. Also. Good. Our winners, Congressman Ruben Gallego and Jane have won the game. Now, speaking of winning the game, I did wanna leave you with this moment from Carrie Light The media Hit your record button back there.


They're recording. My pronouns are I won. Yeah. Her pronouns are I won. Yeah, I Just, no she didn't. No. And that's not what pronouns are. She didn't win. And to make sure she doesn't win, go to Gallego for Arizona and Vote Save America dot com and sign up to make sure we put Ruben Gallego in the Senate and send Carrie Lake back to Truth Social where she belongs. That's our show for tonight. Thank you to Ruben Gallego. Thanks Jane. Costen, check out what a day on Monday and go see the Vote Save America booth outside. Thank you guys.


If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the Pod subscription community at cricut.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated As, we are consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producer is David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis.


Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly Lobel, KIRO Aviv, and David Toles.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or What is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentra Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion Terms and conditions apply.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say something that is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy. For me, listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, You know what's therapy for me. Therapy. Therapy. Because when it comes to sorting out issues, dealing with stress or loss, or figuring out relationship struggles, you can't beat the real thing. Yes, smashing that tennis racket. It's not gonna, won't help. Deal with that. Won't help Issue just won't help. BetterHelp. Online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, and or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash psa and go today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.