
From Cozy Breakfast nooks to formal dining areas, Ashley has versatile dining options starting at just 4 99 99. And for a limited time only, you can receive a $250 mattress credit with the purchase of any six piece bedroom set. Plus get 60 month special financing on select in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card shop and save today only at Ashley, subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. No minimum purchase required. See ashley.com for details.


Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. Whether you're planning to catch a football game or a Harris Walls rally this weekend, SimpliSafe provides peace of mind by keeping your home secure. SimpliSafe active guard Outdoor protection changes the game by actively monitoring and intervening against potential threats. This way you can fully enjoy the event knowing SimpliSafe agents have your back. It's Really the best kind of zone defense SimpliSafe. Really bummer. If you come home from your Harris Walls event and your house has been broken, soon has plan man to man. That's why you need SimpliSafe. That's why Lovett has SimpliSafe. He installed it himself somehow. Somehow we don't already have Not the most technically savvy person. You can certainly install it. You can do it. Old school home security systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard outdoor protection. It's the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen with Active Guard SimpliSafe 24 7 monitoring agents. Keep a close watch over your property and actually stop crimes before they happen, while other systems only react after a break in. SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and proactive protection both outside and inside your home. Protect your home with 50% off a new Simis safe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome. To Pod Save America. I'm John Fre. I'm m Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. Wow. Okay. On today's show, an Exhausted Donald Trump is talking dicks and flipping burgers as both campaigns raced to get those last remaining undecided voters off the fence. I'd much rather be talking burgers and flipping dicks. Oh, you high fived on that. Didn't even know that was coming. Like to surprise you guys. Kamala Harris continues her sprint through the battlegrounds with help from Barack Obama, Liz Cheney, and many others. While the world's richest man launches a legally questionable million dollar sweepstakes to help Trump. And later friend of the pod Hawaii Senator Brian Sch talks to Lovett about how the race is looking and the most important things everyone can do to help But.


First Donald Trump may very well win this race, but with two weeks to go, he seems to be losing steam and his mind. A Trump advisor reportedly told an outlet that their 78-year-old candidate has been canceling interviews because he's quote, exhausted. A recent Associated Press headline reads, A failed mic leaves Donald Trump pacing the stage in silence for nearly 20 minutes in Detroit. This was after he stopped taking questions at a Pennsylvania town hall so he could rock out to Ave Maria in YMCA for a good half hour or so. And whenever Trump does speak his rhetoric lurches from deranged to absurd. Here he is with Fox News's, Howie Kurtz over the weekend The other day, you called it a Day of Love.


That sparked a lot of reaction. Can you understand why many Americans would view it as a dark and tragic day in our history? The crowd I spoke before, which you rarely see, I have pictures of it. They're massive, but nobody wants to put 'em in. It was the biggest crowd I've ever spoken to and I've spoken to the biggest crowds. I've never seen that many people. I tell you there was a beauty to it and there was a love to it that I've never seen before. The enemy within is a pretty ominous phrase if you're talking about other Americans. I think it's accurate. I mean, I think it's accurate. After our interview, Donald Trump flew to Pennsylvania Arnold Palmer's Hotel where he discussed the golfer's cybers as if his manhood.


This is a guy that was old man. His man was strong and tough and I refused to say it, but when he took showers with the other pro, they came out of there, they said, oh my God, that's unbelievable. I had to say it. He had to say it. Why do you guys think he felt the need to tell the crowd that the late Arnold Palmer was hung like a one would? There's a lot to talk about in that whole, A lot to talk about or package. Why? There you go. I say, First of all, why did Howie Kurtz have like a four packs a day voice in the interview?


And then he sounded normal after what's going on there? So the, I I was, I missed that. This is neither here nor there. But also Howard Kurtz, he looked like he was from the seventies. It was like a, not in a good or bad way, but like his haircut looked like he was like reporting on the oil embargo during the Carter era. It was a deeply weird interview. Mm. Do you shower together after you golf? This was one of my first questions. Like I'm not a, I'm not a golfer, but it doesn't seem like a shower afterwards type of sport. Yeah. Ben Dreyfus did some original reporting On this. I was gonna say, did You guys see I Didn't. I was gonna bring it up and then I was like, I don't know how to explain Ben's reporting a way that is, well, it's, I don't wanna scoop 'em appropriate. It's That think for this Podcast of the three of us.


I'm not the one that went deeper into whether or not Arnold Palmer had a giant dick deep under the Don Story. It's a weird story. Drefus did. Ben Drefus did. And there's a lot of circumstantial evidence that he does not necessarily have a big Dick had c I'm sorry, rest in peace. Is he? Yeah, he's dead. He's dead. He's Dead. He died in 2016. Yeah, They had a, they had to push that lid down on the coffin pretty hard. Shit. This is what, This is what this campaign has done to us. There's nothing left to talk about except this dead golfers junk. This Is the point too, like we're skipping over how in the interview he was like, oh yeah, I do think that the violent attack on the capitol was a day of love.


And, and I do think that Democrats are the enemy within which again, we, we predicted this would happen. I think this, this was like right after Mike Johnson speaking of Johnson's went on Meet the Press or somewhere and was asked about this and he's like, oh, that's not what he meant. That's not what he meant. And sure enough, he's like, yes, I Donald Trump's like, this is exactly what I meant. Punish Adam Schiff. That's what I meant Glenn What Glenn Jenkin said, whatever Mike Johnson said, whatever anyone else is saying to try to defend me that I, this is exactly what I mean. Yeah. It's sort of, it's, it's if Trump were on a unicycle saying, I'm gonna imprison my enemies, it's still dangerous. Even though it's pretty funny that he is on a unicycle. Yeah, A deranged clown can be funny, but like, you know, you give him, you give him the nukes.


Not so funny. No. In general, how do you guys think the Let Trumpy Trump strategy is playing out in the final weeks here? Net positive, net negative. I think on balance it's a net negative. Like it seems, it's hard to argue that if you were just have, you know, have like a disciplined message about the economy for the remainder of campaign, that that would, that would probably help him calling January 6th a day of love. Absolutely. Unequivocally hurts him and repeating it on how it Hurts hurts him. I think the Arnold Palmer stuff, like, look, there's a lot of young men in particular here this, and just think it's funny. They think it's Trump is authentic. He's, he's goofy. He doesn't care about being politically correct or saying the right thing. Like the head spinning part about this is always that he wins evangelical voters like 95 to one.


And you would think that the kind of Mike Pence's of the world or the people who would find this offensive in some way or you know, the people get mad about like a a, a Disney character not being white every few years. Just so I kind of brush this stuff off. No, there's just, look, there's a little bit of politics in him talking about Arnold Palmer having a, a big dick, which is like, he was a real man. He was, there were, there used to be real men in this country. We celebrate real masculine men and the other side doesn't with big dicks of golf, big swinging dicks, big, big golfing Dicks bunch of guys in the shower. Just Yeah, even I'm uncomfortable. He Doesn't even need clubs this on Palmer guy. He's just out there with a putter fucking buck ass naked golfing.


Let me tell you about the only pole that matters. I just think like, look, it doesn't matter how, look, any great golfer will tell you, oh, here, we you don't need a, you, you can, you can have a heavier club. You can have a lighter club. It's about touch, it's, it's about fines. I was gonna say, I was waiting for Tommy to make the motion and the I Beat him to it. Beat Him a short game. Hey, continue. What else were we gonna talk about? Yeah, I mean, Look, what else were we gonna talk about John? No, I think you can say in these final weeks he is not driving much of a message himself. No. We can separate, separate him from the campaign. Of course, his campaign is running all kinds of ads. They are driving a very specific message. He is not driving much of one. There was also a time story, I dunno if you guys saw this last week, about how he's just over the weekend, how he's just bored of the economy.


That's why he's making it all about immigration. Like when he does drive a message, it's almost exclusively about immigration. 'cause he thinks the crowd seems bored by, which I think is very revealing for the crowds He's talking to. It's the crowd like, and it's what he likes. Yeah. He's like genuinely passionate about. I think like with Trump, the medium is the message. I think when he's ranting and raving in front of his biggest fans, I think his biggest fans like it when it gets outside of that. I think it, it hurts him. I think the kind of goofy, rambling, occasionally funny Trump in a podcast setting, I think they think it's better for him than, than sitting down for mainstream interviews. I don't think it's as helpful as their campaign would want it to be, because he is so, he's just, he's just lost a step.


So even when he is doing his greatest hits, he's just not bringing the same energy to it. He doesn't have many more steps to lose at this point. No, no. He's almost outta steps. Have you seen these clips of Frankie Val? No. Frankie Val Yes. Has a Vegas show. It's quite set, I believe. And basically he kind of, they kind of wheel out 90 some odd year old Frankie Val and he kind of holds the mic up here and then they just play his greatest hits. And increasingly that's what Trump is like. They kind of get him out there and he's like, we used to be tough in this country. I think the Jews might be responsive. It's like, and it's a little bit like he's a random number generator and just like some part of the Trump large language model will kind of spit something out. There's A bit of, you'll be surprised to learn. There's a bit of hyperbole that like whenever Trump says something crazy now every, they try to like put everything in the dementia frame.


Right? Yeah. He's lost it. Like the Arnold Palmer thing is, I don't think he's not that. No. Even though some, some people were treating it like that, he didn't tell it As well as he would've five years ago. Right. He would've been more charming and funny about it a couple years ago. Right, right. But I do think when you combine the, like the weird swaying to YMCA and Ave Maria at that town hall with the 20 minutes of walking around in silence while he is waiting for a mic also, no one could get him a mic in 20 minutes. It's inexplicable. That Seems great. Inexplicable. You don't have another mic. And, and just like the rallies, the rambling, the speeches are going on for even longer than usual and they've always been really long. Again, if you watch a rally or an interview with a MAGA friendly outlet, which is the only ones he does now, I think you will not be impressed with Donald Trump.


And you're right. The podcast ones maybe, maybe some people are impressed with that, some of the podcast interviews, but I don't know. No, the irony is he only does stuff in his safe space. He's on like kind of podcasts with former wrestlers like the Undertaker or kind of barstill sports type shows, or Fox kind of friendly audiences. But he does better when he's pressed a little bit, when he did the thing with John Michel, wait, the editor, Bloomberg News, they got into a back and forth and Trump was pissed. He was punching back and he got aggressive and it made him a little more disciplined. And also he was getting cut off by nickel the waits. He couldn't go on, he couldn't do the weave for 35 minutes about some bizarre story that ends with, you know, the, the golden bears ass as kind of like the punchline. It's like he, he, he gets forced to be a little more focused and like pugilistic and I think when he's on, when he's just like alone at a mic, he ends up in going on these diatribes It hurt him.


Yeah. Two Trump's comms people did an interview with Semaphore where they said that the freewheeling Trump is a strategic choice to counteract the Harris campaign's portrayal of him. And basically they said that, you know, if, if voters see Trump laughing and joking, I've never seen him laugh. They know he can't possibly be a threat to democracy. Do you, do you agree with that general idea? I agree that that's what they're trying to do and I think there's some validity to it. I do think that if the only thing people saw was, was Trump laughing it up at a McDonald's or having a funny moment on a podcast with the OVO about Coke, and then what they see on television is Liz Cheney being like, he will end democracy. I I think that that's a, that is their fair pushback, but it's not enough.


It doesn't counteract the other many clips of him actually issuing the threats and doing all of the rest. Yeah, I think we're kind of, we're trying to retrofit reality into a strategy here. Yeah. You know, I mean I think the thing that prevents people from thinking that he's some scary authoritarian threat to democracy is his four years in office and the fact that he's like the best known celebrity on the planet. I'm sure these interviews help him goofing around being fun and talking about like, you know, the guy who took over for Lou Gehrig. That all helps Wally Pip. But yeah, I mean these guys are trying to make it sound like they have some sort of strategic genius here when it's just their guy doing Trump jazz. I thought what was most revealing about that is that they are concerned that he appears as a threat to democracy and they know that that is not, that is not politically helpful to him.


And so that they're trying this in the first place. Agree with you guys that they're Not quite succeeding. Well, yeah, I I just think that like they're two campaigns running like Donald Trump is a, is a, is not strategic, but he has smart people around him. Everything they do isn't gonna be stupid. Trump is gonna get wins on the board, he's gonna have effective moments, he's gonna have charming moments. I think, I think to Tommy's point, yeah, they're trying to turn the fact that they can't really figure out what to do with him at a rally to stop him from going off script for an hour and a half. They're trying to turn that into an advantage. But like reading that interview, I was like, well this is pretty smart. Now you then remember, wait, the person they're describing is Donald Trump. No, he's not having this incredibly successful interview on these platforms.


He's not do delivering what they're claiming he's delivering. But there's a part of that interview where they talk about why they prefer going to comedians and others than going to national media that a member of the Kamala Harris campaign could absolutely say that. Like less charged and toxic conversations. And I'm like, well, that's smart. That's right. Yeah. They're just describing like the reality of the current media landscape. Yeah. Yeah. Trump event that got the most attention this weekend was the big visit to McDonald's in Pennsylvania. Basically the Trump campaign shut down at McDonald's temporarily, then picked some people to go through the drive through so Trump could serve them them fries and repeat the weird lie, he keeps telling that Kamala Harris never worked at McDonald's, just no basis in that at all.


Obviously this drove everyone a little crazy. The one CBS reporter did ask Trump a substantive question about the minimum wage. Let's listen. Well, I think this, I think these people who worked hard, they're great and I just saw something, a process. It's beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to see. These are great franchises and produce a lot of jobs and it's great and great people working here too. Minimum Wage have Recently increased. So Yes ma'am. So take that as a no, maybe. Yes, this whole stunt photo op event, whatever you wanna call it, generated quite a bit of attention and blowback. What'd you guys think? So first You got McDonald's this morning. I did get McDonald's this morning.


It did make angry, it made me want McDonald's mad because We're talking about McDonald's advertising works. Branding works. Yeah. I mean, it definitely made me want McDonald's more. I mean, look, I think, I think Donald Trump putting on and taking off an apron for the first time in his life at a closed McDonald's while he pretends to serve food to super fans, recruited, I suppose by either the campaign or the MAGA owner of this franchise. Like, it's a good picture. I think it's a good picture for Donald Trump. But I think we have to, like, it's so hard to get out of the, like he's in an ap, like all the kind of like joking and, and making it about the picture and not about the fact that like, of course he doesn't support raising the minimum wage. Like Donald Trump would be a disaster for people who work at McDonald's.


It is a sick fucking joke that he is putting on this apron. Last Time it was, he was president, he tried to take away healthcare of millions of people. Many of them probably worked at McDonald's. He's opposed to their ability to unionize, he will take away their basic healthcare protections, doesn't Wanna pay overtime. He Will cut taxes for billionaires and corporations and make us national sales tax that regular people will have to pay to cover the difference. Like it's just, it's the whole, the idea that he is this candidate of the working man because he's put on a fucking apron. Like I, I think it's a good picture for him, but it's like our job to kind of not fall into the trap of debating him being at the McDonald's and like getting back to this like make the picture a fucking a joke. Yeah. It was a really smart event.


Yeah. I mean he's really, really smarter than to do. I, I don't know why he is obsessed with saying Kamala didn't work at at McDonald's. It, I guess he just lets her call her inauthentic or something. But yeah, he got to raise that there. He, I mean like, it seemed fun and fun and me normal, the whole event. I mean, I watched the whole thing. It was like 25, 26 minutes of him learning to use the frying machine, doing it in a suit and tie, which looks ridiculous, but I don't know, like he, he's authentically a fan of McDonald's. He eats it. He served it to athletes who won national championships. It was obviously a campaign stunt. It was not, he didn't really work the fryer. Like he dunked it once, like in oh seven. Remember Obama did the SEIU walk a day in their shoes event.


Mm. That woman, Pauline Beck, where he like got up at the crack of dawn, did some real work, went with her. They, they made breakfast for this man. She was a home healthcare worker. She made breakfast for the man. He swept up like it was an actual day of work with the SEIU that was different. This was just a 25 minute stunt. But it, it, it went super viral on social media. Like we're all talking about it. I think it was very smart. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's like a net neutral. I think there's like a ton of people making fun of it. Ton of people saying it's the best thing ever. I I I can't imagine it's, it's moving many people. I think it's, I think, but look, there are a bunch of people who maybe don't read about it, but just see the picture and might be like, oh, cool.


That's the vast Majority of people. Cool people, cool. Vast majority of people will see a clip on their TikTok or social media or something and be like, oh, there's Donald Trump, McDonald's. It's kind of fun and different. Well, It broke, it broke through to like, you know, people in my life that don't pay attention to much politics and I, I got some text from people who just like, what the fuck is this? It wasn't like cool. It was like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. I I just think that like the, the, the Trump people liking it. I just think it's a great picture. It's a great picture. And then people making fun of it because it's like, oh, he's like the, it's like the worst undercover boss. Like all those kind of jokes. I just, I like, I do think you have to kind of get to like, this is somebody pretending to care about working class people. Right? That's what Yeah. And he will not, and like it has to just be very like not jokey. I think The responses that that drove me most insane are, this is just like Dukakis in a tank.


It's like, no, it's not said that. It's not. Oh, that was one of the popular liberal responses on Twitter. Most people are Stupid. Another one, he looked good in AP April, another one was, you gotta deal with it. Gotta face It. Oh, by the way, did some investigative reporting And that McDonald's got fined for health violations That I thought was kind of funny. I'll not, You know what? I'm like, what? I'm sorry. I like that. I'm sorry. But McDonald's serves millions of people every day. Nobody gets fucking sick. It's amazing. Nobody Gets sick. It's Amazing. Nobody, very Rarely, very, very rarely, Obviously the Kamala Harris campaign would do this, but they were showing some of the responses on TikTok, which I do think were very funny, is just some like young kids being like, Hey grandpa, just put the fries in the fucking back. Well, well The best part of this, he was obsessed with the fact that you didn't actually have to touch the fries to get them from the fryer to the container before the packaging to the packaging.


I was like, what did you think happened at a restaurant? Do you think people were hand scooping your fries Into the little Well he, he was doing a very Trump thing, which is just like talking a lot about how this And that and the other thing when like, the people are just sitting there like waiting, the, the people who've been hand selected by the campaign were just waiting there for their fries in their bag so they can drive off set. Then he Did a little press conference from the takeout window. So he was taking questions from the press And. That was, that was so good. It was good. It was just good was it was well done. It was good. It looked like, yeah, it kinda reminded me of when John Amos was in coming, coming to America and running the McDowell's Reminds me, I'll tell you what, if he, if he wins the picture of him smiling and handing out fries is gonna be the picture. If he loses the picture of him sitting behind the window like this, which was another one, that would be the picture.


So Really I'll be him at like MSG or him in Coachella being like, why are you in California, New York? That's true Too month For an election. Here's one response to the whole McDonald's thing from a, from a Democrat that I did find compelling. You've got Donald Trump putting on a little McDonald's costume because he thinks that's what people do. They're not trying to empathize with us. They are making fun of us. They are making fun of us. Donald Trump thinks that people who work at McDonald's are a joke. Elon Musk thinks that dangling money in front of a working person is a cute thing to do when the election of our lives is before us.


Because that's what people and billionaires like that too. That was a OC of course I liked that because I think it turns it into a real populist argument and sort of exposes the fraud without being like, nah, no, I think that's right. Which, which that was my scientific term for what I thought most of the responses were like, nah. Yeah. Speaking of the world's richest man, Elon's now running a sweepstakes in Pennsylvania where he gives a million dollars a day to someone who signed his Super pacs petition. You sign a petition saying you support the first and second amendment. The only requirement of course is that you live in Pennsylvania or in one of the other swing states and are registered to vote. He's already given away at least two checks.


But if you Google how to sign up all the top results are articles examining whether this is legal. Tommy, have you read some of those articles and can you tell us if it is in fact, legal Tommy's read an article. He's here to tell us what it found. Much Like Elon and I skimmed a couple, Much like, much like Donald Trump learned the fry later for the first time. Hey, here we Are. Can't be finance law. So the law specifically says you cannot pay or offer to pay someone to register to vote or to vote. And those who do so can be fined up to $10,000 or get five years in jail or both. Because basically we don't want the election turning into a bunch of billionaires paying the most people to vote obvious. Well, some of us don't want that. Some of us don't. Furthermore, the Department of Justice clarifies in its guidelines about prosecuting election offenses that bribes include lottery chances or sweepstakes.


So making this sort of a a, a sweepstakes for Elon does not a get outta jail free card. So some election law experts think that this gambit from Elon is clearly illegal. The must defenders will say no, he is just offering a reward to people who signed his petition. He's not encouraging you to register to vote, but as you know, to John to be eligible, you have to be registered to vote or live in one of these seven swing states and the deadline for entering the contest just happens to be the deadline to register to vote in Michigan or Pennsylvania. So it's, it's not subtle, it's just, it's very clearly just designed and, and you know, talked about in concert with a bunch of messages about registering or voting early with all election law things you can find experts who say it's illegal.


You can find those who say it's not big picture. I think Elon is betting that no one will enforce it. Yeah. That if they do Good bet. When you look at the history of the FEC, Trump friendly judges will probably get your back 'cause they're green lighting, all kinds of campaign spending these days. Then if Trump gets elected, obviously he will just never ever prosecute Elon Musk down The list of pardons for Him. Yeah. So I know Jamie Raskin talks about this in some more detail and to today's what a day newsletter. So check that out. But you know, I think the bigger picture is like, what are the politics of this? Will people think it's gross? I kind of do Gross or just like, oh, you gotta you gotta pay people to vote for Trump. That's what I'm saying. Is that where, where We're Doing now? It does not, I think Americans might inherently be offended by paying people off to Vote.


Well that's why I, that's actually the part about the a OC clip that I liked even more than too McDonald's part is just like, oh, this billionaire's gonna dangle a million dollars in front of the plebes to see if you'll vote for, you know, it's like such a That's said, if I were, I'll just say that if I were a registered voter in any of the swing states that were eligible, I would of course sign this pledge. Everybody listening, if you feel like you could sign this pledge, I would consider doing it because you can do a lot more with a million dollars than Neil Musk can. And yeah, no, the the i'll what honestly it reminded me of is there's like old footage and photographs of like Belgian and British colonists like throwing coins and candies at the children in their colonies.


And that's what Elon going out there and like dangling in money, money in front of people, like genuinely reminded me of Yeah, It's, I don't think it's very, I don't, I also, it's too cute. I also don't think it's very effective just from a like, yeah, you can sign the, if you're a registered voter or you registered to vote, this still doesn't mean you're gonna go vote. No. And the suggestion is like, okay, well it's a first amendment, second amendment petition, so you're only gonna get Republicans and then you're gonna have their contact info and then, you know, Elon can get them with messaging and actually turn them out. It's like, no, you just have a bunch of people who want money, so they'll pretend to care about the first and second amendment and sign your dumb little Petition. And again, you'd have to take our word for it. A lot of, they interviewed some Trump campaign officials about this who were of course all in background about Elon and the ground game and everything.


And to a person, they were all just like, yeah, he's got his own things, we've got our other things and he's just doing it. We're, we're happy to have him out here. But sounds like they, But this is like, I feel like this is the honor polymer's dick of, of the Elon shit, which is like, no, it's not the million dollar pledge. It'll make sense in a second. It's the tens of million millions. He's He's doing the weave. He's gonna I'm doing the weave baby. I've been weaving. I listen. Do you think Trump invented the weed Guys been weaving dicks forever? Yeah. A hundred. It's the hundreds of millions of dollars being dropped on the race by Elon, by the crypto bros buying ads like this really is now like in the home stretch, there's these like, there's like the, there's the Kamala Harris campaign and then there's the kind of twisted Bizaro evil version, right?


Like Kam Harris's campaign has raised a billion dollars, Trump has Elon's money and all of this crypto money and all this billionaire money from Ken Griffin and others. There's a real field organization. There's their paid for field organization, which I really hope is, is working about as well as you would expect an Elon turned on field organization in the last weeks of this campaign. Then you have a, a turnout the vote operation versus a undermine and scare the vote operation. Like there are these two things sitting side by side and Elon is a big part of that. Last thing before we get to Kamala Harris, we mentioned already the Democrats have different theories of the case about how to attack Trump and company. We haven't talked about our former boss, Barack Obama, who's been having a really good time on the campaign trail just tearing into Trump.


Let's listen to how he did it recently. You would be worried if your grandpa started acting like this. You would, I mean, right. You'd like call up your brother, your cousin or something and be like, Hey, have you seen grandpa lately? What we gonna do? But this is coming from somebody who wants unchecked power, wants the most powerful office on earth with the nuclear codes and all that. Now the point is we don't, we, we do not need to see what an older lu Donald Trump looks like with no guard rails.


America's ready to turn the page Speaking of people who like dick jokes Yeah. Speeches. So that's basically another version of the unserious man serious consequences that Kamala Harris has used. I don't know. I like it. Yeah. I mean I think threat to democracy can sound a little vague and hard to understand in practice. I think don't give kooky grandpa the nukes. Like that's that's not complicated. Yeah. The, the only You can see that one. Yes. I think that that, that was great. And it was much, it was actually much more like there's, it's basically just like Donald Trump would be a mad king. Sometimes we talk more about the mad, sometimes we talk more about the king and like that was, I think more mad focused. But you saw a little, little of the kind of the, the threat democracy rhetoric with the phrase guardrails with no guardrails.


It's very like, kind of threat to democracy. It's, it's, it's, I like The word guardrails just because it, you can conjure up a picture at least as opposed to some of these words that, that the democracy defenders use. Yeah, no, for sure. But everyone knows what a guardrail is. No, I I, I agree with that, but I think like, if you don't, what do you mean guardrail? Like the ar the argument that like Donald Trump is just a, a like he's losing it and you just don't want somebody who's losing as president. You don't really need the other part of the argument that like, oh, he, Mike Pence doesn't support him. He's gonna have a different group of people around him. That is a different argument. I I thought it Was like, I think that's a, I Well I think that second part is a very effective argument. I, I agree. Because I, I think the big obstacle here, the, the big hurdle you've gotta overcome is what Tommy pointed out, which is everyone's like, oh yeah, we survived the first Trump term.


And like, I think what you have to, the argument you have to make is yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine. And maybe you haven't tuned in since then, but this would be much different because he's fucking crazier. This Has to be new information. He's crazier. And the people around him that were like somewhat normal are all gone. And the people that are there, your Laura Lamers, your Mike Flynns, all these people, they are fucking the bottom of the barrel. I, I completely agree all that with all that. I just think that like Barack Obama, even at his most, like he's, we're all struggling to make this, to tell this story that's connecting the fact that he's a kind of a, a a, a doofus who's losing a step and wandering around the stage and not totally control of his faculties from the authoritarian strong man that's coming towards us. I think both are part of the story and we're all figuring out different ways to talk about them.


I think that that guardrails thing is just like, that's a larger argument that, that we don't see there. But I, I get it.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Little Spoon. Let's talk about something really important that most people don't realize. There are no requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants. What, what 95% of parents believe the US needs to raise its standards. Yeah. What are we doing when it comes to baby food safety? Wow. Okay. No more arsenic for the kids. Little spoon. The company known for changing the game for baby toddler and big kid foods is disrupting the baby food industry. Again, with radical transparency, little Spoon is the first and only baby food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in class EU Standards. Imagine a little baby CEO, little baby disruptor. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell it. It's that simple peace of mind delivered. America has literally never seen baby food. This transparent. Hmm. Literally Tommy, I guess Water. I got a bone to pick with our office about Little Spoon. Mm. They sent a bunch of little spoon to us here at the office. There were kind of like prepackaged meals that go into the fridge and there were a ton of snacks. And the people here, these grown ass adults just like stole all the snacks. Really? They ate 'em all. I noticed they're that good. I noticed like the little pouches are in our fridge for me. I Lovett I'm like, what? What are we doing with the pouches? Are we supposed to take them home to our kids? You can s snack on 'em if you want, but yeah, I was gonna bring a couple home to Lizette. She loves this little pouches. Teddy's been eating Little Spoon from before they were a sponsor. Oh Yeah. ROIs super into a lot of people. As soon as I saw sponsor I was like, oh, this is what Teddy's all the time loves it. He's big fans, he's obsessed. You can see all of little spoons, baby food safety standards and detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids on little spoon.com. Get 30% off your first order. Go to little spoon.com/psa and enter our code PSA at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's little spoon.com/psa to save 30% off.


Hey hotels.com here, tired of the everyday we know a hotel that's ready to unwind this weekend. Book Hotels with Spas in the hotels.com app. Find your perfect somewhere.


Hi, I'm m Jon Lovett, host of Lovett. Or Leave it, you know, it can be tempting to tune out the news completely, but my producers won't let me. So instead I put on a weekly comedy show about it Every week I welcome an all star lineup of comedians, performers, politicians, and random gay guys to make sense of politics and pop culture. And even when we don't succeed, boy we have fun trying. So join us as we run down the latest headlines and figure out what the hell we're all gonna do about it. Listen to Lovett or leave it wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, we're recording this on Monday afternoon, west Coast time. And today alone, Kamala Harris did an event near Philly, a conversation with Liz Cheney, hosted by her pal, Sarah Longwell from Bulwark. She was in the Detroit suburbs and in the Milwaukee suburbs. Those are after we taped, here's a sampling of the message she's driving in those places. This is from her event in Detroit And that was moderated by Maria Shriver, Madame Vice President. You know, everybody I talk to says, you know, I have to turn off the news. I can't read anything. I'm meditating, I'm doing yoga, I'm doing, I'm so anxious, I just don't even know I'm eating gummies. All kinds of things. You know, what are you doing? What are you doing? Not Eating gummies. I've said many times, she's a cop.


I do believe Donald Trump to be an unserious man, but the consequences of him ever being in the White House again are brutally serious and, and take it from the people who know him best. His former chief of staff when he was president, two former defense secretaries, his national security advisor and of course his vice president who have all in one way or another used the word that he's unfit to be president again and is dangerous And. that illustrates the challenge from the other side. She goes from gummies laughing gummies to he's a dangerous threat.


It's so funny that just like, I'm sorry, but like Shriver just talking about what people are doing to deal with their stress just sounded so fucking rich. So rich is what it was. Yeah. What'd you guys, so the headline in the Times from Monday morning's Pennsylvania event was Cheney with Harris tells Anti-abortion Women, it's okay to back her Just Wild times. What's your take on what the strategy was behind these Cheney events? So I mean the, there's a times analysis that talked about who both campaigns think are the persuadable voters left out there. And the Harris campaign thinks about 10% of voters in swing states are still winnable. And a big chunk of those voters are Republican women who dislike Trump, but need to hear more from her on the border and the economy to close the deal.


And these events are laser focused on those women. And they also, I think generally push back on the Trump criticism of Kamala Harris as like a, what's she's a Marxist communist fascist at this point, you know, whatever. He is calling her some sort of extreme radical when you see her up there with Maria Shiver or Liz Cheney. I think that really rebuts those criticisms in a pretty strong way. I was, I was watching the Pennsylvania one and when Kamala Harris got a question about abortion and she started giving her answer, I was watching Liz Cheney and I'm like, well this is awkward because it's like, usually they're just talking about things they agree on. And then Cheney asked to step in and then gave that answer on abortion. And it just made me think, you know, there's been some criticism from some corners of the internet on the left that like, oh, Kamala Harris is out there with the Cheneys and now she's blowing the whole thing.


'cause she, but like not only has Kamala Harris not moderated any positions or given up anything in order to get the support of Liz Cheney. There's Liz Cheney saying, oh, by the way, I am against abortion, but I'm here because I think this is so important. And by the way, these abortion bans have gone way too far. She was talking about how in Texas, Ken Paxton, the Attorney general is suing to get women's private medical records because he wants to see if they've traveled over state lines to get an abortion and, and Liz Cheney's like, we can't do this anymore. So I thought it was like, I thought it was really effective. Yeah, I just, Liz Cheney I think is an incredible spokesperson in that setting. It is a, like she's doing the thing we've been asking everyone to do and it speaks to both what it clearly took for her to do this and also the cowardice of so many others that she's basically alone up there.


But like that was a great event. Yeah, it was just a great event and it's incredibly persuasive. I don't wanna see Dick Cheney out there ever. But yes, Liz Cheney is a very good spokesperson, I think. Yeah, I don't think He'd be useful in many places. No. And she's a, I think she's like shown herself to be a principal person from impeachment until now. And I think people give her the benefit of the doubt. Yeah. On a lot of the Other stuff. And it again, it just sends the message like, yeah, we don't agree. Yeah, I'm conservative, but like there's just bigger things at stake right now I wanna talk a little bit more about New York Times story the Tommy brought up about how both campaigns are identifying and thinking about undecided voters. Another group of undecided voters that both the Trump and Harris campaigns are targeting are disproportionately younger and less white. And they talk about that in the piece.


One example, a 22-year-old in Arizona, they have him in the Times piece who said he doesn't care who wins And that he only registered to vote because his mom made him. But he will vote for Harris if someone brings a ballot to his front door. I mean, I hope, I hope that a Harris campaign gets his address. That's Why I have a field program. People, His name, his name's in the piece. Give him a call, find his address, send him a ballot. How long did the Times interview take my man? You care a little bit, you care enough to spend a time the whole interview talking about it. That's a Good point. That's a fair Point. How much you don't care. Trump Campaign thinks that about 5% of voters Yeah. Are undecided. And like you said, it's funny because we're gonna talk about pls interview in a little bit with John Hyman, but Pluff said there's about 4%.


But I think what you mentioned from the Times pieces, the Harris campaign thinks that up to 10% are persuadable. And the reason I think it's bigger is because of those Republican women or right-leaning independent women who just do not like Trump, but are not yet sold on Harris. Yeah. It's hard to, it's hard to tell just sort of how people slice and dice the numbers between like the group of voters that either won't vote or, or almost certainly would vote for Trump. The group of people that won't vote, or almost certainly, or probably would vote for Kamala. And then the group of people that are truly going to vote or may or may not vote, but are actually undecided. Yeah. The times found, they think that 3.7% of voters in Battleground states are undecided, which is only 1.2 million people.


So 1.2 million truly undecided. But I think you're right, these numbers, these percentages swell when you're talking about not voting to voting or you know, people who be persuaded to stay home basically. Anything else you guys found notable in that story? I just, the, the refrain of how people want more information and then how hard it is to get that, that people, the readily available information. And even that when Kamala Harris does this huge round of press, how little it ultimately gets to those voters. There's one piece in the according times no single program reached more than one in three of those undecided voters. They're just like, thought That I was surprised by that. The other Direction. Yeah. So it says it, the, the the in the Times, because it said internal surveys, the Harris campaign internal surveys showed that two thirds of undecided voters in the battleground states had consumed at least some of Kamala's interviews during her big media blitz week or two weeks.


But no single program reached more than one in three of those undecided voters. But two thirds of undecided is just seeing something some That shocked me. I that I just like Big Daddy gang, I guess I just like, what does it mean for just like how hard it is? Like these are all people saying they want more information. She's doing a full court press across every kind of media and like maybe maybe one in three is getting some clip of one thing. It's just like, it just reminds, just like I Thought where you were gonna go with the more information complaint is the woman that they interviewed at the end of the piece. She's like a 40 something woman in Pennsylvania and she doesn't like Trump, but she's like worried about the economy. She goes, you know, I've heard a little bit about Kamala Harris' plans, but on housing she wants to give like first time home buyers $25,000 credit on their down payment and I just don't wanna be given more money and no one's talking about the supply of housing.


And I was like, she wants to build 3 million more. Well she Also said she might write in RFK Junior as a protest. Is that the same woman? I think Yeah. That was, it's tough. Undecided voters Are tough and, and and we love them and we just, we love them. Love them. And we don't wanna say anything other than we love them. I also, we just love their whole energy that they're bringing to this. I also Found it interesting that of the more than a hundred clips during her media blitz that the Harris campaign tested for their effectiveness and increasing her support, her her proposal about providing home care for adding home care coverage to Medicare coverage for seniors ranked at the top. Yeah. Which is interesting because again, who's gonna talk about that on shows like ours, The other, And Cable and everywhere else. You, I mean we mentioned it, but like it's not, it's not gonna get people get pundits excited, but it it moves votes.


Yeah. It's thing people care about. I also thought it was the Trump campaign found that upper grabs voters were six times more likely than other battleground voters to be motivated by their views of the war in Gaza. Didn't really say in which direction. I found that interesting too, especially since the Harris campaign doesn't seem to see that. I like there. So there was that fact. And then the other point that the, the other, the other fact on the Trump campaign is that the undecided are more likely to work two jobs on average and they earn 15,000 less per household than the battleground voters who have made up their minds. And I saw those two facts side by side and I was like, I'm trying to make sense of this. So undecided voters are working two jobs and really struggling but also more motivated by the Middle East than other voters.


And I, I wondered if some of that was a little bit of them wish casting, wish casting and kind of putting a little something out there. I think it's also who the, the pool is that you're talking about. If these voters are younger, you're just gonna get more of them that care about Gaza than older voters, I think. Yeah. The the other sort of last thing I noticed on this was they talked about how Kamala Harris bought ads on daytime Fox because more women are watching Fox during the day than at night when it's more opinion focused. I thought that was interesting. Then the Washington Post had a bunch of swing state polls out today where they asked people about their main news sources and they found that about a quarter of those who consider Fox a main source of news said they're considering voting for Kamala Harris with about one in six saying they have already or definitely planned to vote for her.


Which is just very surprising fact, I Thought I, well, on the last pod we did, I can't remember when with Dan Dan, I have looked at the latest New York Times poll And that showed that 10% of undecided voters say that Fox was a, a news source for them. Yeah. But then I wonder like, okay, so then the kind of person answering these polls is the kind of person consuming this news. And I don't know, it made me think like, well does that tell you more about the poll than it does about the voters? Hmm. Well we also got more insight into how the Harris campaign is thinking about this extremely close race from David Pluff in a new interview with pucks, John Hileman, here's some of that, This race is just dead even. And listen, you know, I think the Trump campaign would admit that too.


And you can tell based on their activity and what they're saying, I guess my confidence is more based on looking at who the undecided voters are. And you know, data these days is incredibly rich and sophisticated. Every battleground state of the seven, there's at least 4% who are still trying to decide who to vote for. Then the early voting data we're seeing so far, there's no suggestion that they are turning out a bunch of irregular voters. Does your data in the seven Battleground states show any sign that Trump has momentum And that he's tight, whether when you say, I get that, that, that it's mathematically, statistically this is gonna be a toss up race within the margin of error in all seven, but you could see there is momentum in that's coming through in your data.


That's not noise. Does the Trump campaign have any of that in any of the sudden battleground states? No, I would listen to an interview with David Pluff, maybe he should just give like a five minutes every night Yeah. From now until the next two weeks. Wouldn't that be nice? For sure. Because it's not like I, I call this it's prestige hopium. It's, it's not like everything's gonna be fine kind of thing. But it is because, because at the end he's still like, yeah, we could lose this race. It's very close. It's tide. Right. But it is, it's just a lot of great insight from Pluff. I I highly Recommend you listen to it. And Pluff, if you have any more stuff to say, just come back, back on podcast Save America. Yeah, we'll do that five minutes here or the call map by the way. The, but yeah, I, it it's also like, there's a point, point of the interview where Heliman asked them like, what, what do you say to people looking at the, the swinging of the, the the Nate Silver average?


And he's like, I don't, I wouldn't look at that. I don't look at that. And it's just like, you don't Well he said it's based on public polls. Yeah, Yeah. They just don't look, he won't look at any public polls because he thinks they're junk. But that, but just there that like that they're based on public polls and if the Nate Silver model says it's 52 48 versus 48 52, it still means that in 48 times out of a hundred Kamala wins or 48 times out of a hundred Trump wins. Like these little changes don't matter. And it was like what Pluff said to Dan a couple days ago, very similar to what he's saying here, which is basically like these ebbs and flows in the public polling that are causing these like epic swings and vibe shift and texts to me are like, they're just not real. They're just not real. Yeah. I mean I think some of the, another important point he made was that Trump is just so dependent on turning out these first time or irregular voters and that's a real risk and he, he repeated his observation that they're not seeing in insults marauding to early vote locations.


So that was good to hear. And again, we talk a lot about how Democrats are struggling to win over male voters, but Pluff talked about Trump's massive disadvantage when it comes to the women, especially college educated women and women under 29. And then again for all the talk about shifts in the Latino vote, he made the point that a lot of the numbers are coming from these national polls where you're sampling like 300, 400 total people. And you know, there are gonna be states like Florida where Trump is gonna win overwhelmingly and is gonna win with Latino voters. And that's gonna skew what sort of the aggregate picture looks like. But really the Harris campaign is concerned about Arizona and Nevada and parts of Pennsylvania. Yeah.


I also thought just in general, he said, look, Trump's gonna get 48, 48 0.5% of the vote and that's probably higher than he got even in 2020. He's like, and that's just a fact that we all gonna have to live with. And he thinks that any tightening that we have seen in the polls lately, he just polls that had Trump at 43, 44, 45, and then finally he's getting his vote share, which he's gonna end up getting. And she's, you know, sitting at 49 in a lot of these. And so I think when, you know, he keeps, he has said before to Dan too, 48, 48 or 48, 47 in like all these swing states. And he said that the reason that he has confidence that he's cautiously confident is what he said is that the, he thinks that they have a higher ceiling, that Kamala Harris has a higher ceiling than Trump does.


And, that the remaining voters who are undecided look more like Harris voters than Trump voters. But that said, they still have to get those voters out. They still have some persuasion to do. And he also said that he thinks door knocking and, and canvassing and like going out there is gonna be more important this year, this election than it has been almost any other election. Yeah. And, and partly because the campaign started later, there are people that truly are undecided and want more information. And it may be somebody coming to their door to give it to them Like that. Like that kid in Arizona who needs the ballot dropped off at his door. How are you guys feeling? Terrible. Yeah, I don't feel great. I just want to be over. I just, I went into the CVS and I got a two for one Pepcid so that I could have one in my house and one in my car, which is, I think maybe just being 42.


I think that, I think if we were up by five, I still probably would need it. Yeah. But I can't be sure. I think was, I can't be sure. I feel fairly zen. You know, I was a little angsty over the weekend. I did go to a children's birthday party and was talking to one of the parents, and of course you have to, you know, you do the pod wherever you go. And, and I was, I was giving what I thought was just a pretty not optimistic or pessimistic, neutral analysis of where the race stands. And I finished up and then she walked back up to me 10 seconds later, she goes, you made me feel awful. This is scary. I'm like, yeah, we can lose. Like, it's not, no one should think that. I think there were, I think there was some, a lot of good feelings as there should have been after the switch, after the convention, after the debate.


I know that I thought that there was a possibility if she did well in the debate, maybe she'd open a little bit of lead that would be stable And. that would be that. It's just, it's gonna be a tide race. And that's What feels bad, is that this piece of shit is even in the running. Yes, of course. Yes. And, that will never not be the case. Yep, that's right. And, and, but it's also like, I, I just don't want us to do the same thing we've do did in 2016. Like who gives a shit how you feel over the next two weeks? I'm sorry, Maria Shriver you for asking. Doesn't fucking matters. No, but it doesn't matter how. No, thank you. And thank you for asking. Should check in with you. Love. Thank you For the, thank you for the question. But like, like, oh, what are you doing to deal with all the stress, the stress over the next two weeks? Who cares? Well, I was, who Fucking cares? And I know I America com I know you did what you guys have done this too, and you felt the same thing. Like I ended up doing a kickoff call for the Wisconsin Democrats, their organizers, the whole staff Sunday night.


And after a weekend of feeling a little angsty about everything, I finished that call and I heard all the stories about the doors they knocked on and the voters, they talked to the people and I was just listening. I was like listening on the call after I like talked to them for a couple minutes and I, I stayed on for the whole half hour and I'm like, this, I walked outta that call. I'm like, this was better than any good poll. I just felt, I felt so great. Now is that feeling valid? Because it's all anecdotal. Who knows? Maybe not. But it, it felt good. Well that was the point that like you'll hear with shots where he was talking about that moment where Kao says, oh, you're at the wrong rally. You're looking for the smaller one down the street. Yeah. And he said that like, like when he was first running, there was no polls. He was running a state legislator race in Hawaii, And that like you did matter. The vibes did matter. They mattered both because they represented how things would go.


Hmm. But also vibes will help you get things to where you need them to go. Yeah. And so like a lot less angsting like, are we gonna be okay? Text it is not known. It will not be known until a few days after the election. Everybody's just gotta go to Vote, Save America and do the shift you haven't done yet. Well, Who needs polls though, when we now have actual votes coming in that we can analyze before they've even been counted? That's right. More than 15 million people have already voted early, which means tea leaves are being read and lessons are not being learned. And either of you guys wanna remind folks what the early vote can and can't tell us. Yeah, it can't tell us anything. Anything. Nothing. It can't tell you anything because this early voting, it has gone 20, 20, 20, 22, 20 24, each of these elections, like the, the pandemic post pandemic, the rise of vote by mail and early voting, a Republican candidate who has just has come out against vote by mail and, and try to push people towards election day.


Like the influence of all of this means we just don't know what the vote share will be on election day and an election that will be decided by a point or two if we're lucky, that will really matter. And so the margins are what matters and there's no way to know the margins. Like maybe there's value to it if we're a campaign in very specific kind of targeting and information. But for us out here in the world, not particularly useful. Yeah. Unless you're doing very sophisticated like regression analysis based on blah, blah, blah, math, math. Like don't read this stuff. Yeah. It's useless. Yeah. So everyone knows, because, you know, we heard Pluff talking about the, they feel good about the incel not showing up at the polls. You might be thinking like, what does that Mean? Because the ballots aren't coming in sticky.


So wow, this is a real, we're setting a real record on this episode. This Is good episode, good episode. What, what they, what the early vote can tell you, and again, it can really tell campaigns this who are, who have so much sophisticated data and are calling thousands of people a night and ground game and all that kinda stuff. You know, they can tell you party demographic information, vote history. I think that's what Ples referring to. So in some states, you know, if the voter who's voted early has voted a lot before or are one of those low propensity voters, and then you can see if the low propensity voter looks like a Harris voter or looks like a Trump voter. So you can make some educated guesses if you're the campaign And, that only helps you in so far as not knowing if you're gonna win, but knowing, okay, we've got these voters, but we still need to go after these voters because they haven't early voted yet.


And so now we need to go make sure that they send their ballots in. Like that's what early voter is good for in a campaign. It's not good for telling you like, oh yeah, now we're gonna win. Because even if you ask a campaign with sophisticated data analysis about what the early vote shown, they'll say, well, we're a little down, but hopefully on election day, everything, you know, we're gonna chase all those ballots that didn't come in yet. That's what they'll say. And by the way, that's not necessarily a false hope. Right? Like there have been elections where the early vote people took that to predict a democratic lien that wasn't there. There were times where I used to particular a Republican lien that wasn't there. Like, it's just, it's not been predictive. There were People in 2016 looking at the early vote predicting landslide Hillary Clinton victories and they could not have possibly been more wrong. Yeah. So let's just not make that mistake again, Annie. And, and you know, because again, the behavior, the voting behavior has changed so much that even in, I remember in 2022, the early vote was sort of bad for Democrats, quote unquote bad compared to 2020.


'cause everyone was using the 2020 comparison. And it turned out that was all wrong because people's behavior started changing. We will find out after the election what we learned about early vote and what we learned about the polling this cycle. But there's really, And then we'll take those lessons and for next election Day afterwards and overly them go, we'll fight war yet again. The fight the last war, there's Kamala to the in cells Do not come. That's do not come. That's for the V cells Do not come. Oh God, you can Yes. And a joke once. Yeah. That's some funny shit. Come. Okay. When we come back from the break, Lovett's gonna talk with Senator Brian shots about the latest with the key Senate races, preside Presidential.


We have senator on this episode. God shots Is like, how did I, well how did this happen to me? That's my, That's the throw of shots of me doing that. Yeah, that's it. Anyway, but you Know who is coming on the pod? It's Senator Brian shots. Is that what you want, Tommy? I want to add to your little joke. Okay. I like your little, your little jokes. See, see? Oh, okay. Oh, you can tell a little joke too. I know. Oh my God. You can make us already scorecard. We're already in the, we're already in the ads


Anyway. Yeah. We have two quick announcements. First, the entire season of Empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD is finally out the series that was named one of Vulture's best podcasts of 2024 takes listeners through pivotal moments in the NYPD's history that shape modern policing, including how the police got militarized, what happened when New York City cops started policing abortion and the first ever investigation into police corruption. You can binge all episodes now by following Empire City wherever you get your podcasts. And enjoy ad free listening by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Also, you don't need us to tell you this, but the most effective messengers in these final days are not people like us. What? They're people like you. Oh, that's why we've launched what we're calling last call, last call, last call. You feel like we should have like a ding. Oh, let's add a ding In post. Let someone add a ding there. We need everyone listening. That means you, if you're listening, we're talking to you to think of three people you know in swing states. Okay. Three people, you know, Arizona, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, North Carolina or Georgia Friend, former colleague. A one-time hookup, two time hook, a frenemy, an acquaintance, The love of your life who moved away, broke your heart. Yeah. The one that cut away. Here's the ask. Scroll through your contacts list, find those names and text or call them or message them. Do whatever you have to do. Then do that five more times before election day reminders work. Ask them if they have a plan to vote. You can send them to Vote Save America. They can look at their ballots, they can figure out to make a plan to vote. And if you don't know anyone in those states, which fuck you, coastal elite. You definitely know three people who could use a nudge to vote no matter where they live then. And that's important too. You know? And if, and if and for one lucky person who does it, we're giving you a million dollars, that is the lawyers the right person? A million dollars. That is not true. That is not true though. There's A million dollars in it that is parody for one lucky person that Is parody $1 million. Wow. What a, what a contest. Your Move. FEC. Again, if you don't know, know what to say in those text dms and calls, go to Vote Save America dot com slash vote where you can sign up to get scripts that you can put in your own words to send to your friends, maybe even written by Jon Lovett. Just go to Vote Save America dot com slash vote and click get the script to get started. This message has been paid for by Vote Save America. You can learn more at Vote Save America dot com. This ad has not been authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


When we come back, Brian SCH


Pod Save America is brought to you by biotics. Pre-Cool. If there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with pre-Cool Z pre-Cool Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, preh alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. And with their GMO technology, biotics is continuing to invent probiotics that will help with the everyday challenges of modern living. Love, love biotics. If you're Over 30 and you have a couple drinks and you're not taking a biotics first, you're an Idiot. You're an idiot. You're Making your life worse. Especially If you're listen to this, we're telling you. And it's, it's, it's affordable. It comes to your house, you can get a subscription as I do. I'm A subscriber. I often buy over the top of that Same It is, it is, it works really, really well. Go to z adx.com/cricket to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use crooked at checkout z biotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. Remember to head to zio.com/crooked and use the code crooked at checkout for 15% off.


Can I have more noodles? What's the magic word, please? Your dining room is the heart of your home where meals are shared and memories are made. At Ashley, you'll find dining furniture for every style space and face from cozy nooks to family feasts, mid-century, modern to farmhouse chic. Ashley's small space sets and extension tables are designed to fit your life and with mix and match seating options. Everyone gets the perfect seat at Ashley's style. Is served shop in store or online today?


Hi, I'm m Jon Lovett, host of Lovett. Or leave it, you know, it can be tempting to tune out the news completely, but my producers won't let me. So instead I put on a weekly comedy show about it. Every week I welcome an all star lineup of comedians, performers, politicians, and random gay guys to make sense of politics and pop culture. And even when we don't succeed, boy, we have fun trying. So join us as we run down the latest headlines and figure out what the hell we're all gonna do about it. Listen to Lovett or leave it wherever you get your podcasts.


Joining Us today, friend of the show from the great state of Hawaii, Senator Brian Schatz, welcome back to the pod. Nice to be back Here. John, good to see you. Yeah, it's great to see you too. Center shots. I just want you to know I'm, I'm apt I'm now losing it. So this is gonna be, let's see what happens. The anxieties through the roof, the pri of sex not working. I'm having fever Dr I'm having stress dreams. So we have two weeks left. People are voting. How are you feeling? How are you feeling about the state of the race here? Look, I I have to say it. I'll say it this way. We are slightly ahead and if we do everything we're supposed to do, we will win. And if we do anything we're not supposed to do, we will not.


So I like our chances, but that, but we really do have to execute in the next couple of weeks. Now Kamala, the good news right, is that our candidate is executing at a super, super high level. And that's not just important from the standpoint of vote getting, it also gives a lot of confidence to the grassroots out there. The people who are giving money, the people who are knocking on doors. When you see your candidate kicking ass, you kind of wanna, you know, follow that example. So I think it's, it's as important that she sort of lead us that that as it is that she's sort of demonstrate that she's the right person to be the next president of the United States. So I'm feeling pretty confident, but definitely not overconfident.


And you know, there's an old line in an old movie, I don't trust happiness, so I'm gonna be scared all the way through. Yeah, That's sounds Jewish. So let's talk about what we, what we need to do. I was talking about this with Tim Miller and he used a sports analogy, which is, it's now about the 12th man, it's now about the crowd and what the crowd can do. But on the other hand, you know, we have to do everything right and we can't do everything anything wrong in order to win. Why does that logic not apply to Donald Trump? Well, listen, I don't know, and maybe it does, right? Maybe some of these hiccups, maybe the fact that he is starting to turn down media opportunities, may that maybe the fact that he is not even campaigning in swing states, but going to California and New York, like all of that could end up being, in retrospect, the reason he loses, all we can control though, is what we are up to and we have to execute as well as we possibly can because of the electoral college.


If this were a popular vote thing, I think I'd feel a little more confident. But I do feel confident, and it's a weird thing, right? the polling is fine, but not, you know, dispositive. But I will tell you last night when, when the vice president was interrupted by some hecklers and she said, oh no, you must be, you must be at the wrong rally. There's a smaller one down the street. It was such a small thing, and yet it was such a big thing. You only do that if you have a spring in your step. And I have very look, I, you know, I started in politics, in in state legislative races where we had no money for polling. And so it was a lot about body language and organization and kind of the vibes on the ground.


And we could predict with some regularity, with some confidence who was gonna win without any polling. And so I would say if you took all the polling out of it, Kamala Harris is kicking ass and Donald Trump is melting down. And then if you put the polling into it, it's damn close. I I love that. I love a vibes based analysis. Let's talk about Trump. So we've got I think two stories right now. One is Mad King, he's bouncing and swaying to the music. He's rambling, seeming confused, he's canceling interviews and events. The Harris Walls campaign is asking on social, are you okay? And then we've got the two bit authoritarian. He's starting to deploy the military, handle his enemies promising mass deportations threatening democracy.


How are you putting those two stories together right now? Well, I don't think it's that hard. I mean, I think the, the, the problem with characterizing him as a threat to democracy is that you're sort of inherently giving him a ton of power, power over our collective psyches power over the American experiment. And then he seems strong. And so I think what the Harris campaign has done, and it sort of unlocked even in a way that the Biden, the successful Biden campaign did not, was this idea that sure he is a threat, but he is also a joke. Yeah. And if you look through history, lots of people who did lots of bad things were also ridiculous figures in, in, in human history.


And so he's both of those things. He's a legitimate threat to the American way of life. And he is also a jackass. And one of the things that I think Kamala is doing well, and one of the reasons that we were doing poorly with Biden, frankly, as our standard bearer, is there's just at least some portion of the electorate that wants someone who, who's on the ball, who looks like they're kind of like smacking the other side around and they're not really sure what they think about the issues, but they want someone who looks like a good television president, right? Like someone who looks like they're kicking ass and Kamala Harris looks like she's kicking ass and whatever. Donald Trump's like, you know, personal flaws and policy flaws and, and and, and his sort of sort of almost evil way of viewing the American experiment.


He had some game back in the day. Yeah. Like he could actually be fun to watch, interesting to watch, infuriating to watch, but like good television, this is not good television anymore. And I think that there is something pretty significant about Kamala pointing that out. It's of course not the main thing. But remember people vote for your side for their reasons, not yours. We are not looking to get vindicated here. We're just looking for the w Yeah. It's funny as you say that. I hadn't thought about that way. 'cause I remember early in like 20 17, 20 18, I would say like, Hey everybody, we gotta like accept, like Trump has some charm here, he has some charisma, he can be funny. And people really, they did not care for it.


But it, it reminds me, have you seen these videos going around a Frankie Valley being brought out to the, the microphones to lip sync his old hits? No, there's a little bit of a Frankie Val energy to it where he, I actually hadn't thought about it that way. That he really is kind of, he's, he's trying to do the performance he used to do. And it's not, it isn't working. It isn't working. Listen, When I, so, you know, I grew up in Hawaii and we used to go, you guys call it karaoke, we call it karaoke. And you know, I would always sing, you know, just once by James Ingram. It was a blast. I was 16 years old then. I was 26 years old. And there was some point at which, you know, I'm in my thirties. I'm singing just once by is it fun anymore?


Is it charming anymore? Is it hilarious anymore? I feel like he's sort of the last guy at the karaoke bar, you know, and he won't let go of the microphone. You know, that that story is, it's, it's, I think it's in, it's helpful. It's a good analogy. It does make me sad. I think you could keep doing karaoke. I don't think you need to stop. I don't, I don't think you can age out of it. And I think that you should let that go. That's, that's something that's projection. I listen, I'm not saying that I shouldn't sing, I'm just saying I should maybe pick a new song. Yeah, No. Okay. Pick a new song. Pick a new song. So it's a closed race, rather be us than them. But Trump could win. And based on what you're seeing right now, and only to point us to places where we have to work harder, close some gaps.


If Trump eeks it out, how did he do it? How did he put together the coalition? What are we missing? I still think we need more actual human beings in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and we need more money in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Ohio for She Brown. You know, look, it is, it is fair to say that some of these races, you know, the die is cast, the money is spent and the voters, you know, it's basically up to the voters. Now, But, there are a couple of places where it's close enough and the turnout operations matter enough. And they are sophisticated enough where you could take a person from, you know, who lives in Santa Monica or lives in, you know, south Texas and just wants to help.


And they get on that online phone banking thing and they actually make a difference. So I, I would still help in the Midwest both by sending money and by either showing up physically or making phone calls. So Trump has been pulling out of events, Clear's Campaign is trying to take him out of these sort of more national platforms, whether it's an NBC interview, A-C-N-B-C interview, 60 minutes. And they're just sort of resigned to what he's gonna do at the rallies. Meanwhile, my, your thought, the thought might be, okay, so they're letting hi, letting his freak flag fly in these debates that are mo mostly reaching his supporters. They're, they're counting on the media not covering it really that effectively or kind of saying washing him or people not really seeing what he's saying at these rallies, but they're gonna make up for it with ads that are more mainstream.


And yet in Pennsylvania they're running millions upon millions of dollars of ads demonizing trans people as opposed to all inflation or the economy or what have you. Can you make sense of it at all? Is there any theory to it that, that we might look back on and say, oh, that that actually was smarter than it looked? No, it's not smarter than it looks. It they tried it the last couple of cycles. It doesn't work. It is their happy place ideologically. And it is where they go, where they, when they don't have anything to run on, look, they wanna be closing with an inflation message, right? They wanna be closing with an economic message. But Kamala Harris and the Democrats, Bob Casey and she Brown and John Tester and Tammy Baldwin and everybody else have basically erased the Republicans lead on the economy.


And so they just sort of like dig in, you know, it used to be the, the caravans and because the, because first of all, border crossings are at a, not an all time low, but at a, at a low over the last several years and the Republicans killed the border border security bill. They don't have that one. They don't have inflation. And so they're just kinda like digging around in their, in the, in their trunk trying to find something. And this is their sort of ideological safe space. There's no evidence that this moves swing voters. And I think Tim Waltz and Kamala Harris and everybody else is handling it well, which is to, you know, stand for equality but not to dwell on it because frankly what people find offensive about that regular folks is like, why are you even talking about that?


Like, that has nothing to do with my life. So Trump is doing a fair amount of a certain kind of press, which is interviews with podcasters and influencers in the kind of loosely part of the manosphere trying to reach these lower propensity less political men. A do you worry about it? And then b, she Kamala Harris Go on Joe Rogan. Sure, IW listen, I worry about everything. But that doesn't mean that I think this is like the, the winning strategy. I think the winning strategy would be for him to, you know, wake up mor one morning and pretend to be a moderate and you know, say nice things about democracy that that would worry me whether this will work or not.


I have no idea. Yeah, I think she should go on Joe Rogan too. I don't, yeah, me too. I know people who listen to Joe Rogan. I think she can handle Joe Rogan. Yeah, I think as I've, you know, and I've watched clips, I haven't listened to like a whole Joe Rogan podcast 'cause I don't, I can't set aside two and a half hours necessarily. But, you know, one of the things that I think I is, is true about Joe Rogan is that he's kind of impressionable and likes to be kind to his guests. And I just don't imagine that he's gonna come in like loaded for bear. I'm sure he'll have some prepped questions, but in a sort of political discussion between Kamala Harris and Joe Rogan, I, I do think Kamala, you know, wins the exchange. Now does that end up in, you know, a bunch of Clippable memes that, you know, are designed to make her look bad?


Sure. But I still think, you know, they're gonna do that anyway. They're, those memes are gonna be created anyway. And I just think she looks strong, she looks unafraid and, and I think one of the other things that, you know, I got a couple of buddies who, you know, have difficulty with Kamala, but not for any real reason other than they have been sort of poisoned by, by the internet. And so sometimes you just have to break through that palace guard and talk to people directly. So, but like do I think the whole campaign is gonna hinge on going on Joe Rogan? I do not. I just think she should basically find whatever audience she can find. And I think what the cool thing about their campaign is, I think they've figured out both, like probably statistically speaking, 'cause they have real data operations and intuitively that basically wherever she goes, she and she presents, she ends up slightly more popular than when she came in.


And so yeah, my view is if that's true, then Joe Rogan's got 12 million people and you should talk to him. Yeah. More, more, more. Kamala is more and more Trump is less. Yeah. And also like Brett Bear, she went, she did it. I think there were good moments and there's moments that were exploiting, whether you call it a big win, a medium win a draw, whatever you wanna say about it, it's not gonna get tougher than that. It's not gonna get harder than that. The combination of, of questions designed to go for biggest vulnerabilities, the interrupting all of it was like, I think as tough an interview as she could possibly have. So any logic for that interview to me says like, go, go there.


Like, just like fuck it. Let's talk about the Senate, your colleague from Texas, John Cornyn, who's leading candidate to succeed Mitch McConnell, whether in majority or minority vowed to block nominees for Kamala Harris. He deems too far left. He said, I'm not going to schedule a vote on some wild-eyed radical nominee. So if Kamala Harris wins and the Senate flips, would Kamala Harris be able to replace the Supreme Court justice or even have a cabinet? I don't know the answer to that and that's why I, I really don't, and I, you know, I don't like the hypotheticals just because I don't even like to stipulate either a win or a loss on either side. Yeah. But I, but I do think it illustrates how important it is for us to focus on these Senate races.


Like there there is no path to a Kamala Harris cabinet or to a rebalancing of the Supreme Court or to climate action or to codifying Roe or to codifying L-G-B-T-Q rights or any economic progress without a democratic senate. And I just don't want anybody to get sort of despondent here. We were here two years ago and four years ago, and it was predicted by all the smart people that we were going to lose the Senate. And then we kept the Senate and then we kept the Senate again and we've passed the biggest climate action in human history and we reduced the price of prescription medicine. And we've done all these incredible things only because we won the Senate.


And so yes, the presidency is job one, but you know, job one A is making sure she Brown and John Tester and Tammy Baldwin and Alyssa Slotkin and, and Bob Casey returned to the Senate. So talk to me about Nebraska, Texas, Florida, I'm not gonna talk about Nebraska at all. I I don't know very much about it and I Okay. I don't want that to, you know, polarize. I, what I would say about Texas is that, you know, Beto got very, very close and I think Colin Alred is running a slightly more disciplined campaign and a very well funded campaign.


You know, he's very close and does need money. And I think the theory of the case in Florida is basically the same except that we have reproductive choice on the ballot. And so in a scenario where the turnout projections are slightly undercounting the number of pro-choice individuals showing up, then I think we could either win Florida on the presidential or lose by a little and then Debbie Mu Powell can win. She's running an extraordinary campaign. But both of those campaigns are campaigns that actually need hard money cash. So if you've got 500 bucks laying around, send the campaign, not some campaign committee, not some super pac, send the campaign some money and they will put it right into communicating with voters.


So I really enjoy that. Nebraska's not happening. Sorry I even raised it. Forget about it. Huge mistake on my part. Forget Nebraska, we don't even know what's going on there. What's, it's not even nothing. It's really has nothing to do with us, frankly. Correct. So interesting about Nevada Arizona and Florida. These are states with competitive senate races. They are states that Florida's tougher, but, but where traditionally we've considered them swing states in the presidential and their states with abortion ballot measures. Two theories here. One is the abortion ballot measures turn out people that care about basic reproductive freedom. The other place like Arizona, you have voters who are gonna vote for Reen gallego, they're going to vote to protect abortion.


And then they are considering whether or not to vote for an anti-choice, anti-abortion president under the feeling that they're balancing that they're protecting abortion in Arizona anyway. How do you deal with that kind of false sense of comfort? Well, I think the, the, the Harris campaign has done a pretty effective job in making it clear that Donald Trump really is going to push for a national abortion ban. And so it won't matter what kind of statutory protections you have at a state by state level. And the problem is, I mean, for us is that they talk about minimum national standards, right, And, that is a ban.


That's what they mean. Yeah. And Donald Trump is going to do that. There's no doubt about it. That is part of project 2025. I think we've done a very good job of getting the word out and making it clear that you sort of can't have your cake and eat it too and vote for an anti-choice federal candidate and a pro-choice ballot amendment. But the problem is that even if that is something that has gotten through for say 80% of the voters, we kind of needed to get through to 95% of the voters in order for us to fully align and have the abortion rights referendum in, in Arizona win Gallego win and Harris win. So I'm losing my mind. You surf. Should I be surfing? Yeah, you should. Sure.


Of course. Southern California. Wow. It's a lot of ballots, huh? Yeah, I mean, but you're young, you'll be fine. And you know, you, you, you did a reality show that required all kinds of fitness, you'll be fine. And My only problem never got to use it Southern never got even to never. I have my balance is actually really good. Never got to fucking use it. Oh yeah, I'm sorry I didn't watch it as you know. No, I know you should. You should surf. But the problem with Southern California surfing is like, part of, part of what's good about surfing, like fishing, like hiking, like lots of things is that you kind of can escape the hustle and bustle. Southern California surfing is like as stressful as driving on the, on the freeways because it's just packed and a little bit aggressive.


So, you know, those are not my vibes, Honestly. Just like using stereotypes about my culture to just putting them together. Oh, we're all sitting in traffic here in California. You and Chris Murphy, Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut. You seem close. Have your hands ever brushed in a weird way. Chris Murphy and I, no, we know he's very Northeastern, there's no touching. So that's good. That's interesting. So home stretch, just let's reiterate what you feel people need to do. Sorry, What? No, go ahead. We got, we got you want people to go to Pennsylvania, you get, we gotta get calls in and feet on the ground in Pennsylvania.


We need money in Ohio, Florida, Texas Wisconsin, and we need calls and volunteers in Wisconsin it. What else is the other, other priorities for you right now? That's it. I mean, I, the the other thing I would say is like, don't agonize organize. I do think that, you know, we are a party that tends to agonize too much. We're a party that doesn't trust happiness and we're a party that can sometimes talk ourselves out of having the winning momentum. Now Kamala Harris has done a lot to give us a spring in our step. And it is our obligation. Seriously, it is our obligation to stuff our phone in a sock drawer and go out there and campaign Do it.


People, you know, we know this show is very popular, so I know how many people are listening and I know how many people have signed up at Vote, Save America and I don't like the Ratio Center shots. There's a lot of people listening to this that haven't done a goddamn thing. Well, I'm not gonna scold anybody except to say that here. Here's what I would say. Look, I, my first race 26 years ago, I was running for the State house and I came, came out of the primary election, kind of bruised. I didn't look super strong. And a mentor of mine said, let's assume you're behind by about a thousand votes and you've got 90 days left. So you gotta win over something like 12 people a day.


And let's assume you win over one in four people that you talk to. You're not winning over everybody, okay, you gotta go talk to about 50 humans every day for the next 90 days and then you're gonna win this thing. And that's what I did. I actually knocked on doors to the point where people told me to stop calling and coming by. I wore my shoes out to the point where I had to buy a new pair of rock ports from the local Ross on Ward Avenue. And I won by 425 votes. And I would not have won by 425 votes if I stared at a screen wondering if I was gonna win by 425 votes. What happens next depends on us. It does not depend on events far away. It depends on what we all do, what all of the listeners do.


So if you haven't sort of taken the step to either press the donate button or to get on the phone and start calling Family and friends or a list provided by the campaign, now's the time, Now's the time. What a great message to end on. And I just also wanna say, wherever you are e, even if you cannot physically get to Wisconsin Pennsylvania or any of these other swing states, you can call into those states. You can donate into those states and I guarantee you, wherever you are, you are within 90 minutes of a house race that could swing the balance in the house. And you can go knock on doors there, John, Tommy, and I'll be begin hitting some of the doors in California as well.


So go to Vote Save America dot com. The time, it's it. We're the two week mark here, people phones down knocking fist up. You know, Senator Brian shots always, always so good to see you. It's good to see you too. You made me feel better. I'll look forward to watching Survivor for the first time. That's great. Maybe something, something we can do after we win. Okay, take care. That's our show for today. Wow, What a show. Thank you, Senator Dan and guest host Alex Wagner of M-S-N-B-C, primetime Fame. We'll be back with a new show on Wednesday. Bye everyone. Wonder who's Dick? They'll talk about If you want to get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at crook.com/friends.


And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content and more. Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review to help boost this episode or spice up the group chat by sharing it with friends, family, or randos you want in on this conversation. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis, writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming.


Matt de Groat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Ra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Carol Aviv, and David to, Hi, I am Jon Lovett, host of Lovett. Or leave it, you know, it can be tempting to tune out the news completely, but my producers won't let me. So instead I put on a weekly comedy show about it. Every week I welcome an all star lineup of comedians, performers, politicians, and random gay guys to make sense of politics and pop culture. And even when we don't succeed, boy, we have fun trying.


So join us as we run down the latest headlines and figure out what the hell we're all gonna do about it. Listen to Lovett or leave it wherever you get your podcasts.