
Okay, it's true. You might have a group chat to dissect your latest lapse in judgment with your girls. But when it comes to the Supreme Court ruling on women's organs and ignoring oath, bringing Insurrectionists, it's gonna take more than an emoji reaction to figure out what it all means and how it affects you. That's where strict scrutiny comes in. Think of us as your personal group chat for all things SCOTUS related. If everyone in your group chat had constitutional law degrees or was constitutional law curious, We are breaking down every case. Scrutinizing every bad decision, and giving you so much inside scoop on court culture. Andy Cohen is shaking in his boots. Wait, who is that again? Find new episodes of strict scrutiny every Monday, wherever you get your podcasts. And now on YouTube. And with a track record of the current court, there will be a Lot to discuss.


Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security from barbecuing to bonfires to sparkless for the kids. It's a great time of year to think about fire safety. Not only can SimpliSafe help protect your home and family from intruders, but in the event of an emergency such as a fire SimpliSafe, agents can immediately call to make sure you're safe and can even dispatch firefighters to your door if you can't be reached. We love SimpliSafe. Lovet has had it for many years. He set it up himself, keeps him safe, and you can use it right from your phone, which is makes it really easy. With fast Protect, Monitoring and lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm. Only SimpliSafe live agents can help to stop a crime in real time by actually seeing speaking to and deterring intruders in real time. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel any time. Know exactly what you're paying for. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day. No hidden fees, no extra costs. It's easy to install and activate your s system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. when you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring Just, visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John Favre. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. On today's show, the calls for Joe Biden to step aside now seem to be coming from inside the house. The Biden campaign is trying to convince Democrats that he still has a plausible path to victory with a new memo and a visit by senior campaign officials to Capitol Hill. And Donald Trump's VP pick could come at any moment and he can't shut up about his potential running mates. But first, Dan, we are recording this right after President Biden wrapped up his much anticipated post NATO press conference, his Big boy press conference, as they say, his Big boy press conference, as it was called, it was taken live by all the networks and it went for about 50 minutes.


It was quite late. It started at seven 30. It was supposed to start at six 30. Here's some of what we heard from Biden. What Concerns do you have about Vice President Harris's ability to beat Donald Trump if she were at the top of the ticket? Look, I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president, did I think she was not qualified to be president. So let's start there. The consideration is that I think I'm the most qualified person to run for president. I beat him once. And I will beat him again. You mixed up President's Zelensky and Putin earlier today, and you now have sort of your key allies, including the British Prime Minister, the President of France, the German chancellor, having to step in and make excuses for you on that.


And officials here are saying off the record, that your decline has become noticeable. Hasn't this now frankly become damaging for America's standing in the world? Thank, you? Did you see any damage our standing in might leading this conference? Have you seen a more successful conference? What do you think? And the move, the Putin piece I was talking about Putin And I said, and now at the very end I said, here, I mean Putin. I said, no, I'm sorry. It's Zelensky. There's been reporting that you've acknowledged that you need to go to bed earlier and your evening around eight. That's not true. Look, what I said was instead of my every day starting at seven and going to bed at midnight, it'd be smarter for me to pace myself a little more Earlier.


Explain confidence in your Vice president. Yes. If your team came back and showed you data that she would fare better against former President Donald Trump, would you reconsider your decision to stay in the race? No. Unless they came back and said, there's no way you can win me. No one's saying that. No, Paul says that, Mr. President All. right. We got the whispery voice. So you're saying there's a chance, Dan, what'd you think? It's a tough question, John, because in some ways it felt over in the first four minutes when he misspoke and referred to Kamala Harris as Vice President Trump, like that rocket around the internet.


I'm positive that will be what the vast majority of people who engaged with his press conference at all. See, the rest of the press conference was good in the sense that it looked very different than debate. It was by far his best, most engaged, unscripted performance since the debate he answered the, the foreign policy questions with real substance. Like he seems to relish his conversation with David Sanger, the foreign policy correspondent for the New York Times. Just enjoy talking about the China Russia eng engage, you know, his engagement with China, Russia. But if you're judging it in terms of did he deliver a message against Trump or even effective one for himself, he did okay on his economic message.


And up until the very end on Trump, it was really sort of message free, right? It was, it was all performance, not message. Yeah. So it's tough. I, you know, the, obviously, like you said, the, the Vice President Trump gaff the earlier when he called Zelensky Putin, right? Not good people are gonna see that whatever those actually, that does not bother me as much as he still doesn't have a, a message that is going to persuade people who are on the fence. you know, like he doesn't, like, he just couldn't frame the choice in the election. Like he's very knowledgeable about foreign policy issues.


Like, you don't, you, you watch that press conference and you're like, you know what, this guy, he, he can do the job right now. And he like clearly is deeply involved in these meetings. He's like remembering conversations with leaders. So it's like, you know, I think that the, the pendulum swung too far in the, in the direction of like, oh, is the guy, you know, has he lost a step? Is he forgetful? Is he, it's, I really don't think that is, that's not what worries me. What worries me is that we don't have a presidential candidate who can communicate clearly and prosecute the case against Donald Trump clearly in a way that is going to make undecided voters who are the voters who are gonna decide this election, feel comfortable with him.


you know, And I just, I don't think now it's a press conference. It's a press conference on foreign policy. Right? So you gotta give them that. Like, it's hard to just pivot to your economic message when you're talking about foreign policy and being asked about foreign policy. But I do think that some of the same issues he had in the Stephanopoulos interview, which is when he is asked questions about his age or his health or his presidency or his campaign, he immediately becomes defensive. He immediately goes to his record. He immediately talks about, you know, the critic said, I couldn't do this, and let me tell you about what the Nobel laureate said and this. And it's just, it is not, I don't think that's gonna work very well with voters.


But I don't know, maybe, you know, if you're an average voter, maybe you tuned in and you saw him talking and, and going on about all that stuff and you're like, yeah, I feel good. Who knows? Yeah. I think, you know, I agree with you that the vice President Trump, the Putin zelinsky thing is not a big deal in the sense that it, it does not tell me anything or give me any concerns about his cognitive ability. Right, Right. Yeah, me personally, for sure. Yes, yes. But it is a political problem because yeah, every time he, he makes a misstatement, it rockets across the internet and therefore validates people's largest concern about him. And that is feels prior to the debate that felt somewhat unfair. But in a post-debate world, that's where we're in, where every time the guy goes out and speaks, and he has been known because of his stutter.


'cause he talks a lot to make misstatements. Right. That is something that's been true. That was true 15 years ago. It was true in his 1988 race. And it's some ways it's really endearing. It makes him seem like a re like a normal person. But now there's a new context to it that just adds political weight to every single one. People are gonna fly speck every single thing he does. And that is a, that is a political problem. And it, it just is going forward. Yeah, it was just, it, it was just really tough to follow. Like I I, I saw a lot of people on Twitter being like, this is great. He would, this guy should have shown up at the debate. Like, I don't actually think that guy should have shown, shown up at the debate. I don't, I think he would've done better than he did at the debate if that guy had shown up. But I still don't think he would've prosecuted the case effectively. There was a lot of non-sequitur, half thoughts trailed off here and there.


Like it wasn't just a stutter thing. Right. Like that I don't hold against him at all. But it's just he and, and he's just in such a defensive crouch. Right. Which I understand, but also like, I don't know, it, it gave me confidence that he can be president right now. It did not gimme any more confidence that he can beat Donald Trump. I think that's fair. If he, if that guy had shown up at the debate, he would've at least tied or beaten Trump on points. Would that have matter? you know, how would persuasive that been to the people, the 50 million people who watched, who are currently undecided? I don't know. but it was so much, it was exponentially better than the debate. I think that's a fact. Was it great? I'm not gonna say that, but it wa it was much, it was much better.


I think with Todd it's tough. Now we're just like all grading amount of curve. Yes. 'cause look, and you can tell even the reporters in the room in the, and especially about the foreign reporters, like Donald Trump is a threat to democracy here and all over the world. And you can feel it, you can feel the tension with even some of the foreign, the foreign reporters and everyone else. Like people, people want Joe Biden to succeed. you know, I mean a lot of people want Joe Biden to succeed. And that's why it's like so tough to watch that. 'cause you're like, come on man. You you get it out. Get it out. It's just like he, it's just hard for him to do. It's just we're grading him on, there are two tests in each of these events, right? One is, does he have the capacity to be president? Right? Yes. you know, is he pushing it against the, you know, what we've read in a lot of these reports about what he can and can't do.


The version of him that showed up at the debate, the version of him that you guys talked about seeing at that fundraiser. There, there is another version and that version showed up today. And then there's the question of is he a good communicator with the stamina capacity and communications chops to be able to come back from a somewhat significant deficit in this race? And those questions are different, right? They're different and they do, and they will interact with some, but I'm sure we'll get to it in a second, how people feel about whether they should stay on the ticket. Yeah. And, I don't And I don't think on the second question, I don't think he did anything tonight to allay those concerns. But what do you think about the political impact of tonight? Because it does seem like, like his team is clearly happy with it.


His strongest supporters online are like, people owe Joe Biden the apology. 'cause this is so amazing. And, but then even a lot of reporters sort of had the take that we did, which is he really demonstrated a command of foreign policy details and, and his record and and, and what's going on in the world. So what do you think the sort of the political impact might be? I think there's, we're really talking about small board politics, right? This is about the elected officials and influential people, donors and influential people in the party who may or may not call for him to get outta the race to put additional pressure on him. And I think he probably bought himself a little bit of time with that group, right? They, this is a no one people, some of these people love Joe Biden.


They, this is a very political fraught decision. They, you know, there was a, it comes with great risk to take a, to take the bolder choice here politically for the, for a lot of these people, not the ones who were in frontline districts who think Biden's gonna bring them down, but everyone else in the party is to undertake a risky change. and they don't want to do that. And I think he gave people, he gave some people permission to hold back. Now we'll see what happens when Hakeem Jeffries talks to more of his frontline members. We'll see what happens when Senator Schumer talks to more of his members who were very worried about losing the Senate. But I do think it, if he had had a, a bad, a bad night, right? Something like, not, not debate bad, so, but a b, c interview bad. I think he would've seen a flood tomorrow.


I'm not sure. We'll see a flood tomorrow. And he cleverly has an interview scheduled for Monday. So he might by himself some time or, you know, everyone in politics pulls off the bandaid as slowly as humanly possible. And so you can see this giving them some reason to slow down. We did see one member of Congress, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Jim Hines from Connecticut, calling him to step down after this press conference. It seems like his statement was written before the press conference. There was some news before the press conference that a number of house members like had their statements ready and were to, took call on him to drop out. and they were ready to release those statements no matter how the press conference went. Which should tell you something, Do you think that Jim Heinz's press secretary put it, did a, did a scheduled send and then went to kickball match?


I hope so. I hope so. All right? Let's talk about where things are at the moment then. So in the hours before the press conference, we had about six more members of Congress calling Biden to suspend his campaign. Now seven with, with Jim Hines, that makes 18 house democrats, one senator. And then there's a few dozen others who've openly doubted his ability to win or said they're close or some sort of statement that seems like they're gonna get to calling on him to drop out, but are not sure yet. Notice also scooped that many members of the Congressional Black Caucus are saying privately that they want Biden to step down. There was news that the UAW is concerned that Joe Biden can't beat Trump and that they're thinking about next steps.


He was asked about that at the press conference as well. And he said, well, they just endorsed me. Did you know that? And yes, but they, I he clearly was not apprised of that news. There's also a lot of speculation about what senior democratic leaders like Nancy Pelosi and Obama are saying and doing behind the scenes. There was a CNN story right before we started recording that, that Pelosi and Obama have talked about this. And that both of them have been acting more as a sounding board, not just for Joe Biden, but for worried members of the party. That of course has been getting some angry pushback from the Biden folks, particularly with the Obama stuff. We're gonna talk about that. But the biggest news of the day came from the New York Times reporting that longtime aids and advisors to Biden have become convinced that he will ultimately have to step aside and they're trying to figure out how to craft a message that he'll listen to.


Good luck with that. The Times had a second scoop that the Biden campaign is now in the field with a poll testing Kamala Harris against Trump. Apparently that's the first time they've done so. And NBC News had a big story of its own, which quoted three people involved in the Biden reelect campaign saying the president can't win one Biden advisor said he needs to drop out. He will never recover from this. Yikes. Dan, what do you make of the Times and NBC stories? What do you think the state of play is right now? I think the state of play is that smart people in the Biden operation are looking at this and seeing where it's going. And that there are really two paths right now, because I think even with today's press conference, we should just come to the reality that there's kind of nothing Joe Biden can do to fully address the H issue.


Yeah. And so, and to con and truly both with that group of people within the party and the, the broader public, and there's, I'm not saying he can't win despite that, but that is just a fact. There's not gonna be a, there's not a performance in his bag that is going to reach people and unring the bell of the debate, right? Like, that just cannot be undone. And so I think to some advisors looking at this and saying there are two paths he steps aside and helps maybe get someone to defeat Trump and preserve his legacy. Or he can, continues on what feels like a suicide mission where most of the party runs away from him for the next four months. Donors start sending all of their money to the house and the Senate. The energy in the party is not around trying to elect Biden, which many believe is a lost cause.


I'm not saying it is, but to create, to take back the house and keep the Senate, create a bulwark against the Trump presidency where, you know, think about this. He is going, wants to go to Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin, right? That is, that is what the, they see as their path. Three of the most important Senate races are there. You have Bob Casey in Pennsylvania, Tammy Baldwin, Wisconsin, Alyssa Lockett in Michigan. What are they going to do? They're gonna be running away from him they entire campaign. Unless there's a dramatic change in events. And that is just it, it's uncomfortable. It is, it is a death march, a painful, diminishing undignified death march to a Trump presidency. And, I think there are people who really care about Biden, who are beginning to think about how we can get him to avoid that outcome.


Because at least that's how it felt this morning, that that's where we were headed.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Do you tend to compare your life to others? Does social media play a part, a part in that? It does. What do you do when you get caught up wishing your life looked like someone else's? You know what, that's not my problem. Yeah, I don't, I don't get the like, envy. But you know what I do, do. I decide to use social media. I weigh in on things that suck and then terrible people criticize you. And you could tell yourself it doesn't matter, but it actually does bother you. Which is why Yeah, I do let strangers get me Mad. I, I'm just, I'm, I've just started deleting tweets 'cause I'm like, you know what? I just, I don't care. I I don't need to let someone attack me all day long for no Reason. You wanna talk about it a little more. I think This should go deeper, which is why BetterHelp is a sponsor of this show. Tommy. Tommy Comparison is the thief of joy. It is, and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. John, you can cut others down or you can lift yourself up BetterHelp and wants you to choose the latter, The line that will undoubtedly appear in just a dozen convention speeches. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash psa to today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


This podcast is brought to you by Squarespace Spring is about new beginnings, like starting a new venture or switching things up on your website. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Use Squarespace to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to time, all in one place. With the new guided design system, Squarespace Blueprint, you can select from curated layout and styling options to create a personalized website optimized for every device. Integrated, optimized SEO tools allow your site to show up more often and grow the way you want. Plus, make checkout easy for customers with easy to use payment tools except credit cards, PayPal, apple Pay, and in certain countries, give customers the chance to buy now and pay later. With Afterpay and Clear Pay. With the fluid engine feature, you can choose your website starting point and customize every design detail with reimagined, drag and drop technology for desktop or mobile. We love Squarespace. It's very easy to use to build your own website. You don't have to be any kind of tech genius. You don't have to be a a, an engineer or no coding. You just, you just use Squarespace. You set up a website, it looks fantastic. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you are ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash cricket to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Aaron And I are excited to share a clip from one of our episodes of our YouTube series called This Fucking Guy. So We hope you aren't Eating because this troll is one that definitely makes your stomach turn. We've Discussed fucking guys who were second in line to the presidency. Fucking guys who humiliated themselves for Donald Trump only to be discarded like a spent condom. This episode we're gonna get into the life and times of a fucking guy who may lack direct political power but makes up for it and influence. We're talking about the head of the A A RP Brat Pack, the Aris Stepmom Boarding school populist himself. Tucker Carlson. I'm a bigot. Okay, I'm a bigot. I don't like Islamic extremist.


Like if you are really heavily into Islam, I really, I, I'm sorry. I just don't, I don't care for you that much. And, I. Don't care what that sounds like. You can call me a racist. You can call me where the fuck you want. And and we shall, we shall call him a racist. Wanna hear more about how this human ulcer is eating through America's stomach lining? Yes. Yes you do. Go now and listen to this episode and more where we break down the impact of this fucking guy and so many others subscribe to Hysterias YouTube channel. So you never miss a new episode Or a fucking guy Or a fucking guy. Assuming that Times report about the poll is true. Do you think they're doing it testing Kamala Harris against Trump, the Biden campaign because they think it will bolster the case for him staying in or because they suspect she's running ahead of Biden And this could be something to help Biden reconsider, which is basically what that reporter asked at the very end there.


I would like to believe that it is responsible people trying to explore all options here. I am worried however, that since the gist of most of the Biden High command thus far has been to survive at all costs, that there's nothing that some of them at least would like more than a poll that shows her doing worse than Biden that they can go send to people. 'cause that according to that time story, they have been using that in discussions with donors and members of Congress and others, which is, yeah, Biden may be in trouble, but we're gonna get, if Biden leaves, you're getting Kamala and Kamala is definitely losing. And if they had a piece of data to prove that, I worry that some of them at least would use it.


I don't think all of 'em. 'cause I think some of these advisors who we just referenced are trying to find the right path here. And in, in trying to understand the right path, you do want to know what Kamala Harris's prospects against Trump would be. Yeah. and they do seem to be, it seems like their strategy is saying one, if it's not Biden, it has to be Kamala. There is no process where there's an open primary or convention or some other way for another potential candidate to win. And then two, Kamala can't win. Yeah. And some, and we, you know, some, some Biden advisors are saying that to, to reporters. They're pushing that around some of them as a way to sort of stop the, the, the groundswell of of, of Democrats wanting Biden to, to drop out.


What do you make of the, the, the drip drip drip of, of members coming out against Biden? Just like, it's like a very weird, every couple hours there's another statement and like, do you think it's more, do you think they think they're influencing Biden to drop out that it's part of that effort or is it about their own races or is it about both? I think it's both, right? For some members who are either coming out in support of Biden or against Biden who are in safe districts, it doesn't matter what they say about, it's not gonna affect their, their chance of winning reelection and Biden's not gonna bring them down in their district. So it's a, it's a very, so I it's a very safe and probably honest decision for some of these members in competitive districts.


They feel They Are getting their polls back can tell and their polls are bad, can tell. And They Are bad. And this is the exact time, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday of this week is when you would get a poll back that you put in the field on the Sunday after 4th of July weekend. And They Are seeing it and They Are looking for dissonance. And I think do think, look, I don't talk, we don't talk to everyone in the party, but we talk to a lot of people in the party. And there is an overwhelming consensus among the vast majority of people in the party who work on elections that Joe Biden's chances of winning are quite long. And that he is likely to bring down the house and the Senate with him. and they would very much like him to withdraw those people. May be right, they may be wrong, but that is how people feel.


And there has been this huge chasm between what people are saying publicly and what they, and what they believe privately. and they keep waiting for someone else to go ahead to do it. 'cause no one wants to be the one who does it. But that is sort of where we are. And, and as more people do it, it's like the, the, the water is warm in this pool, hop in. I just want to like, because I I'm sure that people who are following this story or listening to us or just watching it unfold on Twitter and on their screens and on television, you know, don't quite understand this because so many of these conversations are, are private, but it's not just like a, a majority of people we're talking to in the party. It's not like an overwhelming majority. I have not had one person that I've talked to and we, we have both talked to so many people of like people different ideological backgrounds.


Men, women, black, Latino gays, like literally everyone we've ever worked with in democratic politics. I haven't had one person say to me, he should definitely stay in what I like come on, this is crazy. Like he's the best shot that we have. No one has said that. No one has said that. And you can tell with some of these, and and a lot of people are like, Hey, thanks for what, you know, I'm glad you guys are speaking up 'cause we, you know, a lot of us can't and for for good reason, a lot of these people have contracts, they're working, they're, it's their jobs, right? Like they can't speak up. Like I get, I totally get that. I had one person who's connected with the campaign, like reach out to me. And I was like, oh, I'm gonna get in trouble. And then they're like, the polls are really bad.


We gotta get more of these bad polls out on television. Yeah. Because that maybe that's the only way that Biden might reconsider because I don't think he's getting the right information from his senior advisors and he needs to see that some of the polls are really bad. Like that's the, that that's what we're hearing. So just, just so people know. And the other thing we're hearing is just like, I mean these are rumors but you hear them from everyone which And I think it's sort of borne out by some of how Biden's approached this is. He's not talking to people who think he should drop out. Yes, he did not. You're not allowed to bring him bad information right now. Yes. He did not go to the house on the Senate caucus. He has not brought the House and the Senate down to meet with them. Like, which is a huge flag. 'cause if there was one thing that Joe Biden we know loves to do, it's talk to members of Congress, pick up a phone, he'd call 'em, he'd have 'em down.


That's what, that's, that is his superpower. And he has not done that. He is not seeing the polls. Right. He's clearly seeing different polls and he doesn't seem to believe polls anyway, as he said in this press conference today. And so that, that, that is sort of the situation that we are in. but it is a sta we've been in the staring match for two weeks and we're still in this staring match where ultimately it's up to Joe Biden. Well let's talk about the timing here. Yeah. Because it, so we have the Republican convention next week. Lot of media attention will turn to that starts on Monday. Like you said, Biden does have a sit down interview Monday night with Lester Holt and then we've got the Republican convention. We've got Trump will name his VP candidate then, if not before then, right?


Like we could have it Friday, we could have it Monday, Tuesday, and then after the Republican convention then we're getting pretty close to when the DNC wants to schedule this virtual roll call vote so that Joe Biden can get on the ballot in Ohio. Which seems like even though they scheduled that before the debate, it does seem like convenient for them that they can officially nominate him well before the August convention so that they can finally close this conversation once and for all. Like do you think that Joe Biden can just run out the clock here where I do, I do think he can run out the clock absent a mass public revolt from elected Democrats including the leaders of the House and the Senate.


Yeah. There's no one can force him to do this. There is no mechanism to do it right. Oh, definitely Not. Yeah. And so if he, if he is committed under all scenarios to winning, if he needs to be proven that he can't win, which is what he said in the press conference, that is a test that cannot be met. People Are gonna say it's, it's unlikely you can win. People can say, can bring data to him to say, I it, it looks like from the data that Kamala Harris has a better chance to win or or Gretchen Whitmer or whoever else, Josh Shapiro. They can show him all that data, but no one's gonna show him data that says you can't win. 'cause he can. Right. Because he like it. Of course it's possible for him to win. Yeah, of course. Yeah. I mean anything's, anything's possible.


And so I like we will see what happens. I, in the press conference he did make a slight pivot where he, in the previous interviews, he said, this conversation is over the very ignatious, I think pretty arrogant letter that they sent to Congress that addressed no concerns. That was like, this is over. Shut up, get on board. He did imply here and it is, you know, it's hard to know like what is, what is really sending a signal and what's just an answer. But that he believed he still had more concerns to a switch. Right? And so it seemed like maybe that process was, and he got asked a follow up that Scripps reporter at the end asked great questions. I would say really Great question.


Yeah. And one of 'em was, was does that mean the conversation's not over? And he didn't really answer it, but it was not as def he did not sound as definitive as he had before. So I don't know whether that's a shift in his mentality or just a shift in his public attitude about it. 'cause many people have pointed out, I mean you guys talk about this a lot on Tuesdays spot that, that that sort of attitude was turning off members of Congress. It was making the problem worse 'cause it was angering them and how it was approaching. And so maybe he's, maybe I don't always change his attitude or has changed his, his language around it. So Joe Scarborough said this morning on Joe Biden's favorite television show, morning Joe, that the Biden campaign told him that they think our old boss, Barack Obama, is orchestrating the push to get Biden to drop out.


He also said Joe Biden is quote deeply resentful of his treatment under the Obama staff. And the New York Times wrote that Mr. Biden's advisors think that David Axelrod and the Pod Save America bros are operatives who worked for a cerebral cool guy president and never understood the world according to the scrappy kid from Scranton Care to respond. My fellow elitist po pod bro. I would say I have tried to maintain a very even temper through this process. I have not been fighting people on Twitter. I have stopped looking You. No. Yeah. You've been the best of all of us. You've been very Or the worst one or two. But I have been, I've been the most, I've been the most offline of us, at least in terms of my Yes you have for sure public.


I, sorry, I've tried not donate. 'cause I find this situation very personally uncomfortable because we know all the people who work on those campaigns, they're friends of ours. We are still staffers at heart. Like I still to this day, And I always check in my head. I always think like, how is what I'm saying? Like, doesn't change what I say, but I think about it if was what I'm gonna say, make the job of the people who used to have my jobs harder, right? See to anger them upset them the way people did that to me. But this, that New York Times piece just pissed me off to no end because the idea that we are doing this, that we are raising questions about whether Joe Biden can win purely out of personal animus is so fucking infuriating.


Because I love Joe Biden. I grew up in Delaware. My first political experience in my life was meeting Joe Biden in second grade at a fair, right? Because I'm a fucking nerd. I fo when I was 12, I followed his primary campaign. 'cause I thought it was really cool that someone from my state that I had met be president of the United States when I went to college in Washington, you know, where I, what first thing I did go intern for Joe Biden. Right? It it always been incredibly decent and good to me. Like called me when I got, when I got my first job in the White House, visited me when I got promoted once, just great to my family. Love the guy. And it's just the way that they, the idea that this is somehow some personal attack on Joe Biden.


'cause he didn't go to an Ivy League school or I don't understand Scranton or we don't understand Scranton is just so infuriating. It's infuriating personally, but it's more infuriating because it explains why they have fucked up the response to this debate so bad. 'cause it's not about Joe Biden, it is not everything is now about Joe Biden. It's people are mad at him. They don't get him. Me, me, me, me, me, me, me. And it's about this election, which Joe Biden himself has said is the most important election of our time, that democracy at stake and we can have a good faith disagreement without doing this. And then just as a political operative, it's just the incompetence of spending your time fighting Pat Save America, David Axelrod, George Clooney, and the most popular figure, Barack Obama and the most popular figure in the Democratic party at a time when you were struggling with black voters is fucking insane.


And again, And I don't And I don't know who's doing it. Yeah. In the White House. And like, I I believe firmly that it's not the people that that we know and are friends with, not just because they wouldn't do that to us, but because I think they're smarter than this. Yeah. Because this is, this is just like really stupid shit. And the reason we're bringing it up in the New York Times is we know because reporters are reaching out to us that the, the Biden White House is, is just pushing around stuff on us. I had multiple calls from reporters today asking, saying that two White House sources told them that I wrote George Clooney's, op-ed. That's the rumor out there that a bunch of outlets were ready to go with until they finally reached out for me. They think that I was writing George Clooney's op-Ed. I mean it was a very well-written op-ed.


So it was kind of a compliment. I know I probably should have just taken credit for it. Yeah. But I'm like, guys, just don't, but my thing is, do whatever you want to us. It's fine. Like you have bigger fucking fish to fry. That's the point. Like, this is not, what do you like, why are you spending time on us for go fucking just beat Donald Trump or like help your candidate be on message and deliver a message and all the, it's also like, oh, we're all cerebral, blah, blah, blah. If he was the scrappy kid from Scranton, I'd be fucking thrilled. We've been advocating that for a couple years now. Every time he does Scranton versus Park Ave. And he talks about like, you know, fighting for middle class folks and working class folks. I love that. Joe Biden, the Joe Biden, I don't love is talking about fucking NATO all the time.


Domestic data. Yeah. Yeah. And just like doing, doing like the ethereal democracy stuff, that's all like, you know, rhetoric and nothing else where he is just always talking about foreign policy. Like I want him to talk about middle class stuff. He's good at that. That's who he is. The idea that like they're doing this fucking Trump grievance bullshit that like, everyone's counting Joe Biden. No, but it's just so silly. It's so silly. It's just, and it's so counterproductive. They're so focused on remaining the nominee that they've lost the thread that the goal here is to be reelected president. They're just mad And I. Get it. I'd be mad too. Yeah, I would, I would hate us. I'd hate very mad at us too. I'd be very mad at us too. I would try to prevent myself from doing something politically counterproductive for the campaign and the candidate through my anger.


Yeah. Like I might, but like I might tp our house, right? Yeah. Or put a flaming bag adoption on your front step. Yeah. But I wouldn't make it a, a core part of our message to the New York Times. Yeah. No, I don't think, I don't think taking on podcasters and elites as you to Morning Joe. Again, again, you know the elites on their side row. Okay. All. right. Two quick things before we go to break. Exciting announcement. Next week we'll have five straight episodes of Pod Save America. That's a new episode every day. Tuesday through Saturday, we'll be doing a rap show for every night of the Republican convention. Fun posting overnight. And then on Friday the 19th, we will be live in Madison, Wisconsin for the democracy or else tour with our Powell Ben Wickler, chairman of the Wisconsin Democratic Party.


Head to crook.com/events to grab tickets now. Also, in case you haven't listened yet, killing Justice from Crooked Media. And the branch follows the reporting and legal follow out from the death of a prominent Indian judge host Ravi Gupta, our old friend and colleague examines the conflicting evidence to answer how one man's death has become a magnet for the increasingly polarized politics in India. And what this means for the future of the world's largest democracy. You can binge all eight episodes now on Apple or Spotify for ad free episodes. You can join friends of the pod at crooked.com/friends. Okay, when we come back, we're gonna talk about the Biden campaign strategy to weather the storm and the latest with Trump's VP search.


Aaron And I are excited to share a clip from one of our episodes of our YouTube series called This Fucking Guy. So We hope You Aren't Eating because this troll is one that definitely makes your stomach turn. We've Discussed fucking guys who were second in line to the presidency, fucking guys who humiliated themselves for Donald Trump only to be discarded like a spent condom. This episode we're gonna get into the life and times of a fucking guy who may lack direct political power, but makes up for an influence. We're Talking about the head of the A A RP brat pack, the Aris Stepmom boarding school populist himself. Tucker Carlson. I'm a bigot. Okay? I'm a bigot. I don't like Islamic extremists.


Like if you are really heavily into Islam, I really, I, I'm sorry, I just don't, I don't care for you that much. And, I. Don't care what that sounds like. You can call me a racist. You can call me where the fuck you want And and we shall, we shall call him a racist. Wanna hear more about how this human ulcer is eating through America's stomach lining? Yes. Yes you do. Go now and listen to this episode and more where we break down the impact of this fucking guy and so many others. Subscribe to Hysterias YouTube channel so you never miss a new episode Or a fucking guy. Or a fucking guy. Let's give the Biden campaign its due here and talk about their case that the president can still win.


On Thursday morning, the campaign circulated a memo laying out Biden's path to victory. So they also sent three of Biden's closest advisors, Jen O'Malley Dillon, campaign manager Steve Chetty and Mike Donlan. Two of Biden's longest serving aids to Capitol Hill to meet with Senate Democrats. Must have been a fun meeting for them. And former Biden chief of staff Ron Klain sat down for an interview with Greg Sargent on his New Republic podcast. So in the memo, the campaign acknowledges quote, real movement in their polling, including some movement from undecided voters to Trump. But they say most of the movement was driven by historically democratic constituencies moving to undecided.


They argue in the memo that Biden can get those voters back that they still have a path to 70, though they're pretty much focused on Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. They said the Sunbelt states are not out of reach, but they still, they think that the blue wall is the path now. and they also say there's no indication from the data that any other candidate would do better than Biden against Trump. and they maintain that the battlegrounds remain margin of error races, though they didn't cite any specific data. This also came up in Ron claims interview with Greg. Sergeant. Let's listen. Look, I think the data would be if we were ahead and we aren't And I don't think this is something about like, oh, I'm gonna show you a bunch of numbers and the numbers are gonna tell you I'm right.


I'll say the piece of data that is on the president's side is he cares about people like me, shares my values, all those things. He's doing very well in those metrics. I think that really matters at the end. I think we live in an era of kind of identity politics, character politics. I think though Ron, what people want to hear is something a little more like this. We know we're down, we know we're struggling in particular with these voter groups and here's how we're gonna get them back. Can you give us something more like that? I think that we need to win the voters who have doubts about both candidates. And what I'd say is in that respect, Trump is more like the incumbent. Where if, if you're at this stage in the game and you're not a Trump voter, we have doubts about voting. But I think if you're not a Trump voter, you're gonna come home to Joe Biden.


So we don't know exactly what Jen and Steve and Mike said to the democratic senators today, but Punchbowl reported that things got quote heated in the room with senators saying their quote being put in an untenable position, defending something that so many of their constituents felt was obvious. Dick Blumenthal, senator from Connecticut was the only one to give a readout. The rest of them said they weren't supposed to talk. Blumenthal said, in part, some of my concerns have been allayed, some have been deepened. And he also said, quote, I need to see more data and analytics that show a path to victory. So I know you did a whole roller coaster on Biden's polling that just dropped because I listened this morning. What do you make of the campaign's argument about the state of the race and why they can still win it?


I think the memo was very telling because they admit that they're behind. They admit that they have lost voters to Trump. And when you say the races in the battleground states and the three you need are in margin of error, it means you're behind within the margin of error. Because if they were winning, they would say it. They would Say, of course, yeah, And I think that's just important because so much of the conversation about what Joe Biden should do has to be based on a shared fundamental understanding of the state of the race. And for the first 10 days or so of this long conversation we've been a part of, there have been the people saying that the race is still a toss up.


The race is still a toss up. This is the Biden campaign telling you that while they believe they have a path to victory, They Are behind, and that they have most likely an incredibly narrow path to get to two 70. They may think they can still get there, but They Are behind in every single battleground state. And that is what these senators are seeing. And I think that Biden campaign polls and they could very well be more correct, but They Are better than in these battleground states than a lot of the internal polls we're seeing. We have heard about polls with Biden down 10 in Pennsylvania, right? There's a public poll that has Biden down six in Wisconsin. These would be outside of the margin of error unless it's a very small sample. And so yeah, it's they're, they're in a tough spot. Can they get there?


What I think the memo in Ron's interview is lacking And, I, wanna get back to Ron in a second. But is a path of how Biden actually does the persuasion, right? Like yes, these are the voters you need. Yes, maybe of They Are double haters. They don't like Trump, but they also don't like Biden. Historically, and this is a ahistorical election, but historically the undecided voters tend to break against the incumbent. I don't know that I buy that this time necessarily because Biden and Trump have a hundred percent name ID and they're kind of both incumbents. Two incumbents, two incumbents. but it, you know, to Ron's point, if you weren't for Trump before, but if you weren't for Biden before, right?


If you weren't, hadn't decided to vote against Trump already, you know what's gonna make you do it? And also if you weren't for Trump before, it doesn't really fit with everything we've heard in focus groups of voters. No. Like we have heard focus groups of Trump Biden voters, they voted for Trump in 2016 and Biden in 20 who say And I think I'm gonna go back to Trump. I think if you were never for Trump, it would be hard to imagine. Yeah, you being for Trump for the first time, though I'm sure there's still some of those voters, but there was a, there was a good chunk of of Trump Biden voters in 2020 And I think from all the focus groups and all the polls, he's having some biden's having some real trouble with those voters. Yeah. I think the other thing that was telling in the, in that memo is so they, they acknowledge that they're behind.


They acknowledge that some of the voters have moved from undecided to Trump, and then some traditional democratic constituencies have moved from Biden to undecided. Right? and they think they can get those back. So let's say, so those are probably younger voters, Latino voters, probably some younger black men, right? These are some of the constituencies that they've been having trouble with. Even if they have a plan to consolidate those voters, as they say is possible, give them that they can do this, they're still behind and they have still lost some of those voters to Trump post debate. And so like a lot of the memo was talking about how to get those traditional Democratic constituencies back. But even if you get them back, I think you still have a couple points to make up.


It kind of depends on how, what your, what you believe the voter universe to be. If you think it is gonna be a lower turnout election, then you may not need to do that. Then you can get there. Like this is why the likely voter screen matters so much in these polls. How tight is that screen? How, you know, in the tighter it gets, we know the better it is for Biden. But it's also, the other way to think about this is people don't have to vote. They're not required to. So moving to undecided, even if they're never going to Trump, the other option is not vote. A Biden voter who doesn't vote is a net gain of one for Trump. And so that's still a loss for Biden. And so who is Ahead? Right? Right. It is, but Trump was ahead before Trump was ahead by more now impressions of Biden in the public polling are worse.


Before, like in that New York Times CI poll that came out, the debate percentage of voters who thought he was And I think it's always smart the way the inter york times ask the question, too old to be an effective president has gone up five points to 74% of voters think that. And so he's just in a very, very tough position. And if we're being just, Brian said something, the press camera's about how some, you know, think he said like four or five incumbent presidents had had numbers worse than his at this point in the campaign. I didn't know what he was talking about. I, I mean, someone gave him that piece of information. I assume I'd be curious to know what it is. To my knowledge, there's not a, Couldn't be in modern times. Well, I mean, I mean, I I Be polling something we've been around for so long. Like if you go through the presidents, it's kind of hard to see what it is.


But in my mind, I cannot think of a incumbent president in modern times who've ever come back from be behind at this point in the race. Yeah, I mean the incumbent presidents that had approval ratings around Biden approval ratings are Jimmy Carter and George HW Bush who went on to lose both of them. And both of the approval ratings were higher than Biden's. That's a little bit of a, are apples to oranges 'cause of polarization, but Right. But so let's get back to your point about like, so what, what would Biden have to do? How does Biden turn it around? Right? Like what? Because if there, if these impressions of Biden are worse than they were before the debate, if Trump is ahead, you get the campaign has spent all of June running tens of millions of dollars of ads in the swing states, largely unchallenged by Trump.


Trump, they've outspent Trump through most of June. That will not happen for the next couple months. It's Worse than that. They, they've outspent him since January. Trump has spent almost no money on air since January. So, so all, so the, their cat, their spending advantage on ads will disappear soon and they might actually be outspent by the Trump campaign. So that, and that has not moved the needle. We have talked a million times about the central challenge of this campaign is getting voters' attention. And now that this first debate happened, certainly got people's attention, not in a great way. Now they have the Democratic convention, which as we said before is watched largely bipartisans or people who have decided already. So I, and then Biden men mentioned something about it the next, at the press conference tonight, he mentioned something about, oh, the next debate.


And I'm like, I don't, you know, Donald Trump has already said, I don't wanna put Joe through that again. Which is of course that's what you would do if you were Donald Trump. That is the smarter play for him. So I don't understand like how Biden is, I'm just trying to see a path for him to go change people's impressions of him in the next several months. You're gonna have to get really lucky, right? Like the, the plan here is, hold on, make some improvements. Have Joe Biden pitch a perfect game the rest of the way and have Trump implode in some way, shape, or form, plus some good economic news, right? You're gonna theoretically get a rate cut in September.


It Was Biden pointed out in inflation actually came down. Prices came down for the first time since the pandemic. But yeah, it's, it's very, very hard to see how you do that impression. These impressions have been locked in. One thing I would say is, it's sort of funny 'cause yesterday when it seemed like Biden had this thing locked up, 'cause be the nominee. I was like, you know what? I'm gonna try to be constructive. I'm gonna write a whole message box about what the path is for, because I think Democrats are, we're in a death spiral right now with Biden in the race, which is Democrats said, convince us that you got what it takes to win. And we'll, and you can stay in the race. But then he didn't convince them and he stayed in the race anyway. And so now he's in the race and the Democrats are running away from him. So it's like this death spiral. So I decided to like write a message box about like, what, what's like, how should we, how should we get outta this desperate, like, what should Biden do?


And then I woke up this morning, and then George Coy had not been and all fell apart, but the, but one of the points I think we, we have to recognize is that I spent a lot of time on Yeah. That you worked. I mean, gimme a fucking heads up buddy. Like, It's like anyone who fucking knows me knows I can't write anything longer than a fucking tweet. John. John, you wrote a book That Just came that just came out last month. I did. I did. I needed, I needed three other people to do that. That's right. One of the things is he's never gonna solve the h problem. It's an unsolvable problem. You're, nothing has solved it. It's been the same this whole time. They spent all this money on ads. He had this great state of the union. He's managed national crises that got a lot of attention. Like Ukraine and Gaza, even if they've turned, especially Gaza's, turned out to be a huge political problem.


And it's never changed. It's just gotten worse over time. And you can't convince people that either, you shouldn't be concerned about an 82-year-old signing up for four more years. So I think what you're gonna have to do it, and with the one that you probably can't do, and this like, this is a suboptimal approach. I wanna be very clear about that. Yeah, no, no. I'm tr I'm just, what we're trying to be constructive and make the best case. 'cause if, if he stays in, we're gonna have to, we're all making it right. We're all gonna have to try. Our hardest Is he is gonna have to run a rose garden campaign of sorts, right? He's like this idea that he should go out and like campaign 17 times a day and do these like huge press conferences and like restart the straight talk express like he's John McCain. That's a disaster. Because he cannot, that's a test. He will fail. He can't do that. He cannot do that. He can't do that. And the more he works, He can't be on these, like in North Carolina and Wisconsin, he can do these like energetic rally prompter speeches where he's better on prompter than he is just sort of taking questions and sitting down for interviews.


But I don't know how well those get covered, right? Yeah. Like, I don't know how those, how like low info voters, who is the exact people that he needs to consolidate are going to like, catch those events. And to do, if you're gonna undertake that strategy there a couple things you have to do. One, Biden and his senior have to be much smarter about getting attention. Like there is, they have shied away a lot of times for sort, they've gotten better in recent months about trying, like seeking out conflict. That's how like seeking out that debate. Oops. But it's like, like you're not, But this is the problem is like they have a lot of creative, smart ideas about how to get attention, but all those ideas require Joe Biden and they don't want to use Joe Biden because They, they're worried that what happened at the debate will happen again.


This has, this has been their problem the whole time. Okay. So that's one. I think two is Kamala Harris has to be everywhere. Yeah. Right. They have resisted putting her out there, I think for some ego reasons there. I think she, they like the traditional VP candidate is off Broadway, right? They're in the secondary markets. They're not doing the big interviews. Kam Laer should be everywhere because even though the VP happens on the margins, like in terms of how people think about it, people are gonna think very seriously about what role Kamala Harris is gonna play for the next four years of Joe Biden's reelect. And she's the best messager on the ticket by a factor of 1 million. And so she, and Especially recently, she's been great. Like her events, if you've caught clips of her events, they're fantastic. And what is she best at talking about?


Abortion democracy, the rule of law with a cr convicted felon on the other side and the Supreme Court, like the issues that, you know, like that do that. And then the other thing just, and I'll leave some of it for the message box. I'll write one day when this conversation is over, but is admit you're behind become the underdog. Yeah. They, they campaign it. I think this is Biden not the campaign refuses to admit that. 'cause what you want people to do is you want to focus them focus like a laser on the idea that Donald Trump could be president, the United States. And that even if you don't like Biden, anything is too old. You got these two choices and the, and the other one is fucking scary. And so you have to put that in people's mind. But if you keep saying, I'm gonna win, I'm gonna win, like it's a tossup race, then that's not gonna, you need people who don't love you don't think you should be president to vote for you because they're so fucking scared of the other guy.


And until you, until you center in their mind that he could win, you're gonna fail at that task. Listen to the experts. The experts say that my economic plan is the best. Listen to the Experts, not experts. Like 16 Nobel Prize winning economic economist. Yeah. It's so, yeah, you can do it. you know what he should be, he should be the scrappy kid from Scranton. Yeah. And I realize that's a very cerebral thing to say, but I, I think that's, that would be the, that's his best bet, All. right? Speaking of the, the convention coming up as we were preparing to record this podcast, we got word that the RNC adopted a new rule that says Trump can announce his running mate at the last absolute minute, basically up to an hour before the delegates officially vote. So we may have to wait a bit longer, but who knows when, when he's gonna announce that on Wednesday, Trump went on Brian kil MA's Fox News radio show to talk about the leading contenders in depth.


Let's listen. I'm your vice president candidate word is that you won't pick JD Vance because of his facial hair. Is that, is that true? That facial hair bother? I've never heard that one. Number two. No, he looks Doug Bergham the thing that hurts. He looks Like a young Abraham Lincoln, Right? He's a, he's a handsome man. Doug. Doug Bergham nice guy on abortion in North Dakota. He signed something legislature handed him. Does that hurt him? It's, it's an issue. And lastly, Marco Rubio, everything's an issue. Marco Rubio in being from Florida, would that stop you from, from picking him? No, but it does make it more complicated. you know, you do that and it makes it more complicated.


There are people that don't have that complication now. It's fairly easily fixed. But you have to do something with delegates or there has to be a resignation, you know, et cetera, et cetera. Care catered, do any tea leaf reading from, from Mr. Trump's comments. I mean, the best part of that by far is when Brian Kme says that JD Vance is a handsome man, and that Trump rejects the notion and says, ah, he's a nice guy. Like, like he'll accept the beard that just Killed JD Vance's s right There. That's right. He'll accept the idea that he is, that his beard is okay, but he will not accept the idea that he might be handsome, which he's not in Trump's defense. So No, no, that is true. That is true. So really, like, listen to this. It seems like Doug Bergham, who I have always had as the leading contender, is a no-go.


If you spend as much time and energy as Republicans doing, trying to lie about your abortion record with this absurd stuff in the platform, it seems like a weird choice to then pick someone who signed one of the most oppressive abortion bans in the country. And so the Marco Rubio thing doesn't sound like he's picking him, but then if you, as I know you did, there was this incredible story by Tim Alberta in The Atlantic where he had an ungodly amount of access to Chris Las Cavita and Susie Wees, the Trump campaign honchos. and they just really unburden themselves in a way that really should motivate all of us to defeat Donald Trump. 'cause that will be a fun fucking read afterwards because They Are cocky as hell about how, how Trump's gonna easily win.


They're Very cocky I like I, yeah, I alternated between terrified and also like, this is pretty cocky. Yeah, I think terrified is the right approach, but the, these people are also huge narcissists. But if you read that and what their targets are and how they're thinking about the selection, it really would su based on that alone, it seems like that they would lean towards someone like Marco Rubio, because they seem to be going for the kill shot. Their targets are young black men and Latinos. And so if Marco Rubio is truly there, that would do it. Now, Don Jr gave an interview somewhere that I heard exerted on hacks on tap. And he, where he basically came out against Marco Rubio because he thought he was an establishment figure that would be undermining Trump and would basically be like working back channels with the, with the rhinos to try to undermine the mag agenda.


We also learned from Axios today that Don Jr will now be speaking at the convention right before the VP nominee. And that his favorite is JD Vance. JD Vance is like the MAGA favorite, right? Yeah. Like true maga, he's gonna be the next one to lead the movement. He, he is a more articulate spokesperson for the, like the MAGA ideology, if you will, than certainly than Donald Trump. Anyone's more articulate spokesman No, for, for anything than Donald Trump. But I thought that Bergen would be like the safer pick. The abortion thing is interesting. I thought he would be the safer pick. Just 'cause it's like, because Guy who won't overshadow Trump, he, you know, like the Wall Street Journal editorial board is fine with them.


Some of the Republicans that you were worried, this is probably the Haley Republicans are fine with Doug Bergham, he's rich. He could cut a check now that Donald Trump and his campaign think They Are headed for a landslide, which they do according to that Tim Alberta piece. The piece by the way, is called Joe Biden is a gift. They said, they say that Joe Biden is a gift, and they're like worried that he will drop out of the race because they have organized their entire campaign around beating him and think that they can do so soundly now that they think that They Are heading for a, a big win. You could see them want to, maybe we'll take a chance on the VP and we'll pick JD Vance and, you know, and we'll make it an all MAGA ticket or all super MAGA ticket, ultra maga, whatever you wanna call it. And we'll go with who Don Jr.


In the, in the crew. Like, I don't know. I could see that. Yeah. I Just, I don't, JD Van Springs nothing to me politically, absolutely nothing. I agree. I think he's The worst choice politically of all that group, other than I imagine he would probably survive a debate. Yeah, I think the maga faithful like him too. Yeah, but He doesn't need, he doesn't need them, right? Like he needed Pence for like, he needed Pence. That as validation of the evangelicals. He does not need JD Vance to validate him with MAGA voters. The smarter choice would be Rubio, you're right. Yeah. It would be the smarter choice. But I don't know if they'll, I feel they're, they're feeling good right now. So It's All, right? Are they gonna be risk adverse 'cause they're up, or are they gonna put the, are They gonna really Yeah.


Push it. That's exactly right. Well, we shall see. Could happen any moment now. That's our show for today. Next week's the Republican convention. Again, we're gonna be taping the show every night. Get ready, Dan. Fun. I will be, I will be live. We'll be live together every single night. Oh, not live. We will be in person together every single night, Thank goodness. And then we'll then we'll be flying to beautiful Milwaukee in Madison. It's gonna be great. Have everyone have a great weekend and we will talk to you next week. Bye everyone. If you wanna get ad free episodes, exclusive content and more, consider joining our friends of the pod subscription community at crooked.com/friends. And if you're already doom scrolling, don't forget to follow us at Pod Save America on Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for access to full episodes, bonus content, and more.


Plus, if you're as opinionated as we are, consider dropping us a review. Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our show is produced by Olivia Martinez and David Toledo. Our associate producers are Saul Rubin and Ferris Safari Reed Hurlin is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Cantor is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taf is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Mia Kelman, David Tolles, KIRO Pal Aviv, and Molly Lobel.