
Today's presenting sponsor is Simply Safe Home Security. As we step into a new year, we're all setting resolutions that matter. This January resolved to take charge of your home and family safety. SimpliSafe Award-winning technology helps you prevent break-ins before they happen so you can spend less time worrying and more time on what matters to you most In 2025, as you guys know John lut had is simply safe. He set it up himself. It had top of the line sensors and technology. He could turn it on and off from his phone. It kept Lovett safe, kept pundit safe, and it'll work for you too. That's because traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in, and that is too late. SimpliSafe has active guard outdoor protection that can help prevent break-ins before they happen. Basically, if the simply Safe agency someone loitering around or being suspicious, they'll talk to them in real time. They'll tell 'em they can turn on the spotlights. They can even call the cops all before someone can get inside your house. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. There's a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. It was named the Best Home Security System by US News and World Report five years in a row. Start the year with a greater peace of mind. Visit simplisafe.com/crooked to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan in your first month. Free that simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit IUD injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. Tommy Vietor. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. We did it guys. We did it. It's Monday afternoon East Coast time, and in the words of Florida Congressman Byron Donalds Daddy's home, the lame duck presidency of our oldest and first criminally convicted chief executive has begun as former president Donald J. Trump just became current president Donald J. Trump during a ceremony held in the very place the mob he incited four years ago, tried to overturn the election he lost what a country, Tommy Lovett and I are here at the Sirius XM Studios in snowy New York. Dan is joining us remotely from Rebel held San Francisco.


Obviously lots to go through here, but yeah, let's just start with the speech. The inaugural address was moved inside the Capitol building because of extreme cold. And maybe as a result of that, the whole thing felt a little bit more like a state of the Union address than a traditional inaugural. Let's listen to some of the clips. My recent election is a mandate to completely and totally reverse a horrible betrayal and all of these many betrayals that have taken place and to give the people back their faith, their wealth, their democracy, and indeed their freedom. From this moment on America's decline is over January 20th, 2025 is Liberation Day.


As we gather today, our government confronts a crisis of trust for many years, are radical and corrupt. Establishment has extracted power and wealth from our citizens. While the pillars of our society lay broken, many people thought it was impossible for me to stage such a historic political comeback. But as you see today, here I am. The American people have spoken. Here I am the American people have spoken. Can't argue with that. Dan, let's start with you. Thoughts on the speech? I mean, it's just the whole thing was so surreal, right? As you pointed out in your opening, you have, you have Donald Trump standing in the capitol, the building that four years ago, he incited a mob to try to assault.


He delivers this speech, which in some ways feel like you, you say it feels like State of the Union, he's in the capital. It also felt like a state of the union in the sense that it was a laundry list of policy ideas sort of woven together in a very incoherent fashion. And you take the words, if you just read the, like, the transcript of speech, it reads like the words of a fascist dictator, but delivered with the energy and cadence of a middle manager at a sales conference, like just very low energy. And which we would, we would soon learn why? Because then he would go give a second speech moments later where he just did the full shtick. All the things he wanted to say. Did the whole Trump routine? This was the, the speech for the aids who told him to be disciplined, I guess.


But you know, not, not a great speech. Love it. What'd you think as a speech writer yourself? Oh, well, yeah. As a speech writer, I was disappointed. So there was a moment when, before Trump even got up there, when Franklin Graham got up there to give, I don't know what it's technically called, invocation convocation. And he said the last four years have been very dark, which is just not what you would typically say in a moment like this, especially since the Joe Biden is sitting right behind him That woke him up. It did. And and you had just kidding. I did. No, he was up. He was up. He was focused.


But it's very look like the inaugural address is meant to be. I mean, he, he like kind of of tilts at it being this unifying event. But first of all, this is a speech taking place in a weekend of political rallies. Hmm. And was immediately politicized by the reverend meant to be doing a kind of religious invocation. And so he gave basically a version of his stu speech. And yes, it was the, the, the one, the stump, the the stump speech version when he takes out all the stuff that they begged him to take out, which they successfully got him to take out, which he does later. But it was still a stump speech. Still a deeply political and small speech for inauguration. Tommy, January 20th, 2025 is Liberation Day is just a giant Bill Pullman ripoff.


Mm. From Independence Day. Yeah. No aliens. How dare you. Yeah. First of all, it's funny also that Dan criticized Trump for being too wonky too, too policy focused. Didn't expect that. I, I like, I sort of had a similar reaction. Like it was sort of remarkable in how unremarkable it was. Like my memory of the 2017 inaugural address is all that one line about American carnage. And then I rewatched that speech after I watched the 2025 version. And it's actually amazing how similar the two speeches are. He, it, we're gonna make America great again, we're gonna protect our borders. Some hand waving about unity, he updates this one with new, more modern grievances like the judicial system being weaponized the battle against inflation and the need to invade Panama.


But there's like verbatim lines at the top. Like in 2017, he said, for too long a small group in our nation's capital have reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Twenty, twenty five for many years, a radical and corrupt establishment has extracted power and wealth from our citizens while the pillars of our society lay broken and seemingly in complete disrepair. So it was, you know, just kind of like stump like the same thing. I did note though, for all of Joe Biden's attempts and efforts to be a decent person and have a dignified transfer of power, Trump still took a dump on his entire presidency in existence right next to him. So that was kind of him, cordial Of him. Gracious, gracious. It does feel like this speech, as much as I didn't care for the content that much of the speech, I kind of like the trend overall of getting away from the sweeping rhetoric of an inaugural address that's like meant for the history books and just like getting right to business.


He didn't quite do that completely. Like half of it was the Stephen Miller. Yeah. Sort of cliched, fascism, I'll call it. That's the sort of Stephen Miller style. It's like proud boys Crossing The Delaware. It's a fascistic rhetoric that's sound like we've all heard before. And it's not, not a lot of creativity behind it. Yeah. It's just sort of lame. And then it just got like very specific, very, very quickly. But to me that's like a little more modern, you know, like I, the next Democratic president, I'd like them just to get to business. Just talk to, just talk about what they're gonna do for the country. Yeah. The the, what I was really feeling when I was watching him speak is, oh, eight years ago when Trump addressed the country, he did it really kind of unsure of what it was, what it meant to be president, and what rules he had to respect and what rules he didn't, what customs he believed in and had value, and which customs he didn't.


And now I do think he like these, these speeches that are for everybody. He just doesn't give a fuck about them. He doesn't care what the media says. He doesn't care. They're covered. He doesn't really see much of the value of it. Donald Trump gave two speeches. He gave his inaugural and then he went to this overflow, his speech of the overflow where he really let rip was over 30, right? Yeah. That was the real Donald Trump. This is the, the Donald Trump he has to do once in a while for the squares, Not for nothing. It was also the most like, self-involved, self preferential inaugural of all time. Maybe I think that beats his first, but I don't know. Tommy, you just listened to the first one again. So you, you tell me if I'm wrong, but like talks about the assassination attempt. Fine, but then, you know, it is my hope that our recent presidential election will be remembered as the greatest and most consequential election in the history of our country.


First inaugural reference swing states. It's, And they tried to take, they tried to, yeah. He starts talking about swing states, his election results. They tried to take away my freedom and my life again, he's confi, you know, conflates, him breaking the law, and then people trying to investigate him with a, a assassin that had apparently no political leanings really, that just, that just tried to take his life. So it was very, you know, he's, he's focused on what's important, which is him. He said He's on a mission from God to save America. You don't, you think? Yeah. So there's a, so you wanted to say there's a dose of humility. Yes. Yes, exactly. No, I thought so. Speech wasn't the only component of the weekend's big celebration. He also did a big victory rally at Capital One Arena on Sunday that also served as the overflow room for most people to watch the address.


Unless you were, you know, a member of the incoming cabinet leadership in Congress, former president and of course a billionaire te tech founder, or CEO tho, those are the people who got the, they got the good seats. Trump swung by the overflow over 'em afterwards to say hi, signed some executive orders. We're gonna talk about that. We're gonna talk about the, the 33 minute speech he gave to the overflow room, which is longer than the 29 minute inaugural address, which also, by the way, I guess is the longest inaugural address since Roosevelt in the, in the modern era, which is wild. Hmm. There were also a lot of balls, big parties, Snoop performed, Peter Thiel held a, held a ball. Mark Zuckerberg held a party, CEO of TikTok had a party.


What do you guys think of just the weekend in general and sort of the optics of the events? Just the, the vibes, the vibes in Washington this weekend? Anyone have any thoughts? I mean, I think moving all the events inside and only doing things with tech CEOs and billionaire donors, while the MAGA faithful have nothing to do or go to some China arena where they get ignored. That's kind of a perfect metaphor for how I imagine this whole thing is gonna go and Look, if history is any guide, you wanna keep those folks busy In dc That's true. Well, there were proud boys marching through the streets today. Idle hands, devil's playground. But I mean, I do think this is why you're seeing like this Steve Bannon fight against Elon Musk and the tech oligarchs because they're worried that their populism is erasing the minute the votes were counted.


And they're not wrong. Yeah. It's the, this weekend is the, the, you know, he's about to take office. It's his final chance to do open corruption before he's actually president, so that the corruption he can do while president begins. But it felt like the end of any kind of pretense that he's not going to just be openly corrupt and basically sell access to the White House to these people. I mean, that's what this weekend was. It was a, a big sale. And I was thinking like, like, oh, like maybe he's, maybe he's sort of empathetic to people who like waiters and servers who, who work for tips because he's gonna be the first president that does work for tips, which I think is some true said, that is exciting.


You know, don't forget to tip your president. Yeah. Which is I think the motto of this weekend. That's right. He does. He he just wants, he wants to be a host. Yeah. That's, that's it. He loves it. Just the tip presidency. Yeah, Yeah. That's right. Okay. It's just the tip presidency. Okay. PO title, this Work workshop and that Dan idea workshop on that one other notable moment to that, to that end in the speech, he, he referenced the fires in Los Angeles at one point. Apparently he's going to Los Angeles on Friday. And you know, he brought up the fires. He also brought up Hurricane Helene because he wanted to basically show that leadership that's not him is incompetent and all that kind of stuff. But he also said this when he was talking about the fires or More recently Los Angeles, where we're watching fires still tragically burn from weeks ago without even a token of defense.


They're raging through the houses and communities even affecting some of the wealthiest and most powerful individuals in our country. Some of whom are sitting here right now. They don't have a home any longer. That's interesting. That is interesting. Who was he talking about that doesn't have a, that lost a home? That was on the day. I did not know that natural disasters could harm rich people. Inform, I mean, that is his point. Information. That's exactly what he legitimate shock that the rich and powerful could be affected by something like this. Yeah, it is. I mean, I guess it's somewhat reassuring to know that we have oligarchs in Los Angeles. 'cause at least that means we'll have to get some, some protection from the federal government if we need it. Yeah. Some summer house in Malibu probably Got hit.


I Don't know. Oh, I don't think we're getting protection from, I don't think, I think they're gonna hire their own protection. No, that's right. Yeah. But yeah, I, it was just sort of, It was a weird line. Well, just a reminder, like what it, That's interesting also just A conspiracy. It sounded like, oh, maybe someone started it to target them. Like, that was my takeaway in the moment. What I took Away from it was, there's some rich person there who may have lost their house, which is terrible. And we, this is how Donald Trump governs. Someone nearby him told him this story and now he is recounting it. And the, He literally thinks it's interesting. And there And there And there, maybe we're reading too much. He just, he just thinks it's interesting. And whether it's rich people lost their homes Flipping on TikTok or any of the other policies that are gonna come outta this administration, they're gonna run through a gauntlet of rich people talking to Donald Trump directly about them casually in the places Donald Trump hangs out with his biggest backers.


And that's what, that's what I took from this. He Also said that in the overflow of speech, that maybe Nancy Pelosi wanted January 6th to happen. And that's why she turned down the 10,000 troops. He says he offered and noted that she's guilty as hell. So that, that was said in the Capitol where the insurrection happened four years ago, Maybe. Oh yeah, we're gonna Get guilty of a crime. Just be clear. Not just like morally guilty. Guilty. So called it a criminal offense. We're gonna, we're gonna get to the overflow room speech. Good stuff at the end. It's, it's a good one. So speech is pretty light on foreign policy. Trump welcomed the Israel Gaza ceasefire deal, said the usual stuff about defending our own borders instead of other country's borders and blah, blah, blah.


Nothing new there. But he also made what sounded like some conflicting promises. Let's listen. My proudest legacy will be that of a peacemaker and unifier. That's what I want to be. A peacemaker and a unifier. A short time from now, we are going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. China is operating the Panama Canal and we didn't give it to China. We gave it to Panama. And we're taking it back. Tommy. Is China operating the Panama Canal? No, the Panama Canal Authority, it's a semi-autonomous government entity controlled by Panama, operates the canal.


There are, there are ports and infrastructure getting built by the Chinese on either side of the canal. Panama is one of the countries that signed a deal with China for the Bell and Rove initiative. So maybe he's referring to that. But there were a lot of factual errors in this part of the speech. He says, the kidding, the United States lost 38,000 lives in the building of the Panama Canal. Most of the deaths happened during the French construction portion. Oh. Such a good fact check. They quit on. But also, well, also the people who did the work were from the Caribbean. Yeah. They were not American citizens. They were people who were basically indentured servants doing this work. Several thousand Americans died. But it's not 38,000. Yeah. Not 38,000. Not even close. So I guess I'm for this, I think we should take the Panama. You want it back by force?


Let's, let's, let's not, let's hope it doesn't come to that. But that's not really up to us. Why do you want it back? We built it. And then Jimmy Carter, may his memory be a blessing. Just gives it back 'cause of some protest. We're taking it back. What if France takes the Statue of Liberty back? They can try. What are they gonna do? What are they gonna do? Do a lot of, do a lot of eggs go through the Panama Canal? I'm just wondering, is that gonna, for the price of eggs, the price of eggs, what's, what's is that, is that how we're lowering? Is that how we're lowering inflation? I guess so. Feeding more things through the Panama Canal. A Huge chunk of American shipping goes through the Panama Canal. It has gotten more expensive. But that's mostly because of drought. People usually attribute to climate change, not China.


Listen, Donald Trump is pretty clear about this. He's very comfortable with the Chinese government controlling the brains of America's young people, but not the canal. Do you see the TikTok, CEO is sitting next to Tulsi Gabbard, the future Director of National Intelligence. What A country. What a country. What A time, Dan, what do you think, just from a a public opinion perspective, how do you think, you think the country is clamoring for a new name for the Gulf of Mexico? He also said he's gonna Mount Mount, it's gonna be Mount McKinley again. It was Denali Mount Denali for a while. We're We're saying Mount McKinley again. We're saying Mount McKinley again. We're saying Merry Christmas again. We're saying Gulf of America for the first time we're seizing Panama. Hopefully not by force, if necessary, but won't, we're not ruling it out, but we're not ruling it out.


Greenland. Greenland got the shaft in this speech. Oh yeah. Didn't Mention Anything about Greenland. Nothing about the 51st state either. And just Justin Trudeau outgoing Prime Minister. Dan, what do you think? Are these all, is this what people want when they voted in November? Well, Fortunately for us, John, we have polling that shows that 57% of Americans oppose Donald Trump using coercion, either military or economic, to seize the Panama Canal back. Hmm. So Trump and Love it on the wrong side of that one. Si similar numbers on Greenland. American people are not interested in Greenland or pay the Panama Canal. I heard a, I heard a talk once about Greenland and how the harsh and unforgiving climate there, obviously it is, it, it is in green, and I hope someone tells Trump that soon.


But that the person in this sort of Danish accent said, describing the mile high glaciers and the impossible conditions, and was asked what would happen if someone invaded Greenland. And he said if someone were to invade Greenland, we'd immediately rescue them. Another kind of foreign policy adjacent. One is he's gonna designate drug cartels as foreign terrorist organizations. Mm. And I'm just very interested to see what that means in practice. 'cause there's lots of reporting about connections between the Mexican government and the cartels, elected officials or the Mexican military and these cartels. I wanna know, are they gonna get tagged with providing material support? Are we gonna go back to the campaign rhetoric where we all were talking about using the US military to bomb Mexico bomb, the cartel drug manufacturing facilities.


Well, it sounds like they're already gonna be down in Panama, so kind of a pincer move. That's right. I mean, I guess my, like, we'll talk about this later, but my modus operandi for Trump 2.0 is to take it all literally and assume he is gonna do these things. So if we're gonna call them terrorists, presumably, then you killed the terrorists. 'cause that's usually what you do with terrorists if you're an American government. So stay tuned. I would just say, Tommy, this is the entire plot line of Special Ops Lions Season two. And does, doesn't add Well For, what is that a video game? Is that TV show? That is, it's on Paramount plus Taylor Sheridan Show. Okay. For the makers of yellow, it's also Got it. It's it's also adjacent to Elite Tommy Vitor just watching his Prestige tv. Yes. Sorry.


Well, Dan's, Dan's Joy severance. You Elite prick. We're watching yellow. Dan and I watching Yellowstone, what Was it? What was it? Lioness two, what was it Called? Special ized. Special ized Lion two. It is the, it is also the plot of clear and present danger. That's a great, which is a movie where the, the whole plot revolves around, once the American people find out they'll be held to pay, which is a simpler time.


Pa Save of America is brought to you by article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Their curated assortment of mid-century modern coastal industrial scandy and boho designs makes furniture shopping simple articles. Team of designers are all about finding the perfect balance between style, quality, and price. They're dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. Plus they won't leave you waiting around. You pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. Article's, knowledgeable customer care team is there when you need them to make sure your experience is smooth and stress free. We love article. We got a lot of article furniture here at Crooked hq. Comfy couches. They look great. They arrive pretty quickly. We have some patio furniture at home that's from article. It's great articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more to claim visit article.com/crooked and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crooked for $50 off your first purchase of $100 or more.


Have you experienced serious complications with the paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Tommy, just to put a button on the whole Panama thing, how does this work? Like, is it, they just, what are the options here outside his military force? He like tries to levy tariffs on Panama. Economic pressure. I don't understand. I I think that Greenland, he really does want the territory. I think with Panama, he's probably just getting, trying to get a better deal or a better rate. But I, I'm, as far as I can, as I, I looked into this a couple weeks ago when he started talking about it again, I think that they are charging us the same rate as everyone else. This, this acp, the Panama Canal Authority. And it's a, there, there is a company based in Hong Kong that won a bid to control some aspect of shipping. Yeah. And they charge everybody. I think this is all kind of a, a bullshit way of describing what is ultimately a commercial debate.


Right. I I think that the, the big, big picture on this is Trump's brain was frozen in the seventies. And he remembers when Reagan used to attack Jimmy Carter over the Panama Canal all the time. And it was a huge political issue. And he's just bringing it back. Yeah. And there was, there was a mention of Manifest Destiny in the speech again that was about, we're going to Mars sick. Elon was very excited behind him. We're gonna Mars, we're taking Greenland, we're taking Panama. You can tell that he, he is serious about, all right, I'm a lame duck president. What's My Legacy gonna be? I want every, I wanna name, I've named buildings Trump my whole life, and I want to name large land masses Trump and take, take them over for America.


That's, that's, it seems like that's a vibe that he's Yeah. Quite serious about. And I think it's the kind of thing where like, like a, like a studio, maybe some keep an eye on, you know, a studio during pilot season. He's gonna throw a couple pitches out there and hope, hope one becomes a hit. Much like Linus. Yeah. Much like Linus Season two. Tell me, what's the process for renaming the Gulf of Mexico? Like, I don't know. I think Love it was googling this feverishly During the speech. Yeah. My, I, I believe Don't tell people how the magic happens. I, as I said to that professor on the phone beforehand, it seems like he can unilaterally name things, but other countries don't have to recognize him. He can just order the federal government's maps and so forth to identify the Gulf of Mexico as the Gulf of America.


But that doesn't mean other countries are gonna suddenly print Gulf of America. What and what and what was Well then they'll be, then they'll be pretty sorry once they're invaded. Right, Right. What, when we were laughing at, what did Claudia Shane Baum, the, the new president of Mexico threaten to call the United States like greater Mexico or something. Mexico America. Mexican America, something like that. Yeah. Little nationalism, meeting nationalism. Good for her. Trump did spend a lot of the speech laying out his plans for signing a slew of long rumored executive orders, which he described this way Today, I will sign a series of historic executive orders with these actions. We will begin the complete restoration of America. And the revolution of common sense.


It's all about common sense. I I think Biden chuckled at that one. The common sense which good for him, he should. So here are just a few of the ones he talked about and the ones that have been reported. Some he has already signed some, he's in the process of signing hard to tell 11 executive orders on the border alone, including ending birthright citizenship for the kids of undocumented immigrants, reinstating the remain in Mexico policy, laying the groundwork to send troops to the border, as Tommy mentioned, designated drug cartels for foreign as foreign terrorist organizations. And also invoking the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to expedite the removal of foreign-born criminals. That's immigration. He also is gonna sign an executive order quote, declaring that there are only two genders aiming to end trans protections in the idea of gender identity within any kind of federal government, office service, et cetera.


So for example, passports, there will only be two genders. He'll also require the prisoners in the federal system be housed according to their sex. At birth. It'd be declaring a national energy emergency, whatever that means in order to expedite more drilling and fossil fuel production and ending the electric vehicle mandate. That wasn't really a thing that he says is killing America. He signing an eo, creating the Department of Government efficiency or as we've all come to know and, and Love it as Doge, which by the way, VIIA Ram Swami, he's out at Doge because he is running for governor of Ohio. Good luck Ohio. That's why, that's why he is out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or, or, or it's just think about how bad your fucking personality has to be that you are co-lead of something with Elon Musk and everyone's like, one of these guys has to go.


Yeah. And it's you, Vivek. Well, little X was like, can you please stop carrying Vivek around on your Shoulders? That's mys my spot. That's my spot. So they got him a Governorship. I think he's just ambitious and wanted to be an elected. He, he, he's dying to be an elected politician. There's been a ton of leaks out of the Doge people that this guy, they Don't, they don't like him. That he was also B team the whole time. Yeah. And also he was telling, yeah. Anyway. Well, I'm sure the people have Ohio. He's also begging DeWine to make him the senator. Yeah. That didn't work out either. Ending all, allegedly ending all federal government DEI initiatives, including in the military. There was also an order. He sang an order to, to bring down inflation. It's a whole of government approach to bring down inflation because that's how it works. You just have to sign a EO and then the inflation comes down.


Inflation's quivering in its boots. Inflation is quivering in its boots. What do we know about what here is real? What's new? What's impactful? What's just for show? What do you think, Dan? I mean, much of the immigration stuff is real. Like there are really horrible stories you're hearing right now from people who had appointments with CBP people who are seeking us out at appointments or 1:00 PM today who had them canceled at 1201. The app that the Biden administration set up so that people could set up their appointments. They shut that down at 1201. Today, the birthright citizenship is potentially fake, but maybe not like, I mean, most legal scholars believe you cannot, the constitution's pretty clear on this and you cannot declare it.


But the Trump administration can start thinking about it in that way. And up until it gets goes through the court system, the people can be affected by it. A lot of this stuff is all, as you point out. It's just, it's like Trump creates this fake reality and then he creates a series of fake solutions to solve the fake problems from the fake reality. Like the, the electric vehicle mandate, just declaring that government will stop censorship, will stop censoring things. All of that is really fake. But the immigration ones, I think are quite real. Trump says it's Liberation day. And then you look at this swath of eos and yes, there's sort of these, the fake censorship ones, but for the most part there's nothing you weren't free to do yesterday that you're free to do today. There's nothing I don't, I would love to see the list of things that Trump maga people would like to be free to do that they're not currently able to do under the, under the yoke of Joe Biden.


And so really what Liberation Day, you can Buy a a Trump shit coin and a and a Melania shit coin. Right. But you, those were for sale before Trump even took office. But, but it, it's more that like, well what does it really mean? What does Liberation Day mean? It means you get to watch on television, all the people Trump has said, are your enemies. Finally get there to, it's sort of a, it's like you're, it, you're, nothing good is happening to you. Nothing better is happening for you. You're not free to do anything different. It's that Trump is targeting the enemies he's promised he was gonna target. And that gives you a, a wonderful, I guess liberated feeling. Yeah. You could have saved a lot of time by just signing one EO on Liberal tears. Right. Just to Yeah. Just to watch the lips cry. Can't Spell Liberation Day without Lib.


That's right. Right. That's right. You can't, that's what I'm saying. Can't spell a lot of things. Yeah, I do. I don't, I mean, like the Doge thing. I, I know they're trying to do like shock and awe, like a ton of executive orders. A lot of the birthright citizenship, even conservative legal scholars don't think this stands a chance. It's rid Look, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. It's very, the 14th Amendment is very clear. And the only reason we're even entertaining it is because the Supreme Court has lost its mind. But it is a ridiculous It is, it is completely blathering obvious that this does not make sense. That birthright citizenship is not something the president can eliminate with the stroke of a pen. The 14th Amendment is crystal clear. Yeah. I mean, who knows? 'cause it's the, the Supreme Court. Right. They can always surprise you.


But I'm watching more like, what a, do we get three votes for this? Do we get two votes for this? Right. Do we get one vote for this? Like, I don't think Roberts goes with this. I don't think Barrett and Kavanaugh go with this, but Alito, Gorsuch and Thomas, you never know. Right. And who knows, maybe, maybe we also, we also thought this on the fucking criminal immunity case and got surprised there. So who knows. But it's, it seems this one is pretty clear. Kavanaugh was there today and was looking rough. I think he and Hegseth had a night. That's a joke. That's a joke. It could have been a night of just dancing Revelry Fellowship. Sure. We might have danced a lot. Trump did not mention the TikTok ban in his speech, but he previously said he would sign an executive order delaying enforcement of the law, banning it in the US this after TikTok users spent the weekend with access only to messages from the app praising President Trump, even though he wasn't president yet for his valiant efforts to save the service.


Trump truth save TikTok, of course, he was once for the ban. Now he's trying to save it. Then tiktoks now back for people. It's, it's all in limbo right now. But basically the law says you, it gives the president the authority to delay the implementation of the ban by 60 or 90 days. If there is a potential deal in the offing. It doesn't seem like there is a potential deal, but it seems like they're just going with this. Anyway, the Biden administration had said in their final days, we're not gonna enforce the law. So TikTok can, can remain operational. And then, which is Cool by the way. Cool. Right? Like great. And then, and then TikTok being like, we don't want Biden to say that we can be operational and not get people's attention.


So we're gonna do a stunt and shut down. And it worked of course, because everyone, then it got everyone's attention. Everyone at TikTok who had hadn't been paying attention about that. What, what do we think about this? This the Trump being the savior of TikTok. Dan, I know you wrote a box on this. Yeah. I mean, I don't think this is gonna be the thing that defines his presidency, but he played put us, we can talk about the national security concerns. We can talk about the dangers of TikTok, but from pure politics, he played it. Exactly right. And I think, I do think the Democrats fumble And So did TikTok and the many Republican and democratic lobbyists they hired that have been working full-time for them. I mean, it's, it's really not that complicated that if you are, we're doing pure politics here, that if you're gonna take something of tremendous value from six in 10 voters under 30, and then you never talk about why that should happen from the moment you pass the law in the dark of night until the day it disappears.


Like no one ever made the case for it. You know, Biden could have tried to make a public show as Trump did in the first administration of trying to facilitate a deal. It's like they all passed this thing. They passed it without really thinking about it. They didn't sell it. They didn't make a case for it. And Trump understood right away, I mean, for entirely cynical, ridiculous reasons. We understood the politics of it because at the time, a lot of these Democrats voted for it. And, and Republicans too, because your choice was anger the youths or looks soft on China and they defaulted to what was always theoretically better. Politics being tough on China. And there's just a real difference between taking something that matters a lot to a group of people. Like I, you and I use this example with you on Friday for voters of a certain age, taking away TikTok is like taking away cable TV from us in our twenties.


Like it just disappears one day. And that is al taking something away from someone's always gonna be worse politics than generically being tough or soft on another country in a way that doesn't really affect people. And so, I mean, from a political perspective, Trump did very well here. This is, he got a, the probably the most expensive free ad in American history to have a, you know, push notification sent to 170 million Americans first begging you to save the app and then crediting you for saving it all within a 12 hour period. It's like, yeah, profoundly frustrating. 24 hours. I mean, I thought Dan's piece on this in message box, his newsletter, which you all should subscribe to. Thank you Tommy. It was excellent. There was lots of less thoughtful commentary on Twitter about how, once again, Dems suck in Republicans rule because we gifted Trump this political win.


And I just wish, and while that is true, we, the politics of this did not end well for Joe Biden or the Democratic Party. I wish people were pointing out though that the vote in the house to ban was 360 to 58. So like 186 Republicans voted for banning TikTok or divesting TikTok. It was 79 18 in the Senate. So you had 31 Republicans in the Senate. This is a overwhelming bipartisan decision. The reason they did it was national security concerns, which they've done an absolutely terrible job explaining to anyone. So no one understands why this happened. But I also think part of the, the story of how Trump went from wanting to ban TikTok and trying to do it on his way out the door to getting to saving TikTok is also that he met with a big donor named Jeff Yass or Jeff Yass who said something to him that led him to flip flop on this issue.


And I think Jeff Yass owns 15% of by dance the parent company of TikTok. So there was a big money angle here. And then, you know, TikTok wasn't shut down. They shut themselves down preemptively so they could put up this little, please save us, Mr. Trump that they shouted from their tall tower. And then they gave him the win and they were like, oh, Mr. Trump saved us to suck up to the incoming administration. So it was just like, it was so obviously a stunt and people were like the, the, the commentary on Twitter in particular was just so fucking incredulous. Yeah. There's, I think that the, I don't even think it's, I mean, I'm sure there, there could be a, a money angle to it, but like, I'm sure Kellyann Conway like talked to Donald Trump and was like, Hey, one of the reasons you won is 'cause of TikTok and they love you on TikTok now, and TikTok iss a great place to get your message out.


And he's like, really? What's a TikTok? And they're like, well, here it is. And he is like, you know what? Sure. Yeah. I'm into it now. Great. Yeah, probably. But Jeff, ya bought like a ton of shares of truth social Yeah. At the time and like put a bunch of money into the Trump team's pocket. So yeah, I think It could be a why not both situation. Yes. I mean my like, it really is to me is like just the, as Joe Biden goes out the door, it's like just these three big problems. One of them being that like the reason they did this was never communicated. And Joe Biden could never communicate it. They never made the case. They passed it too quickly. It was always these kind of vague invocations of, of national security without explaining why then the same spyware was fined in the hands of Americans.


It was baffling. It's per, It's a perfect example of institutional failure Yes. To everything. Yes. It's every, That's, it's like we're Democrat, you know, and, and this is what it's Democrats and Republicans and Donald Trump doesn't care what the fuck people think about Republicans either. You know, like you're right. That like the, the lefties on Twitter who are mad that about who are against the ban, right. Or like blaming Democrats 'cause they up blaming Democrats for everything and Democrats get blame here. I also think that like it is Republican's fault, Trump doesn't care if it's a bunch of Republicans go under the bus too, because he is separate from the, the mass in Washington. But for the mass in Washington, the establishment in Washington that tried to work together in a bipartisan way to do the right thing, it's, it's just the same story over the last however many years, which is we know it's right.


It is the right thing. And they could be right. Right. Like, I I, but they, I I I'm persuaded that there's some national security threats here too. Right? But we don't need to tell you, They never explained it. Just trust us. Trust us. No one trusts them, but trust us. Well, and they made a big show of like declassifying all this information around the Ukraine, Russian invasion of Ukraine. So why not do that again here? You know, there's a way great point to put information into people's hands. Yeah. So That, so that's one. So then you have two, you know, Donald Trump teaches all these Republicans that you don't need to have shame that you can live without shame. And they embrace it. And it is amazing how few guardrails there are. Once the shame guardrail was gone. Now this, this moment is everybody outside of politics learning that lesson for themselves.


All these tech companies and these guys realizing, wait, if I just kiss his ass, I get a bad op-ed in the Washington Post, and then I get everything I want. I don't care about the Washington Post. I don't care what the elite says anymore. There I, I, all I have to do is ignore it or pretend it doesn't bother me. He's, He's got the power. They don't have the power. Right. And so they can't, they can't hurt me with their words. And so, and so, there was a time when people had a certain amount of dignity where you might not, if you lead a company, agree, go into a room full of people that work for you and say, put up a little supplicating message that says Donald Trump has a huge penis and how beautiful it is. And then we'll say that we saw it ourselves and then he'll be happy you doing the PornHub Case. Yeah. Boy, we have very different TikTok algorithms.


'cause that's not the Message I got. But, but like that, that TikTok is willing to put up a ridiculous message like this and say, thank you Mr. Trump. Like we used to make fun of the people that said, thank you, Mr. Trump. Now the biggest, it's the leaders in, in, in, in, in, in the American economy are doing it. Who I'm sure did not come up with the idea on their own, which is not a really brilliant idea to come up with. But again, they have had Republican and democratic consultants, lobbyists, they're all, of course every, everyone in Washington is on tiktoks payroll. They hired them all. And it is the easiest fucking money to make, to go in there and be like, Hey, I got an idea. Just say, thank you Donald Trump. And so then the third piece of it though, the third piece of it, which is I think about like the difference between what it is like to be a Democrat online versus a Republican online is when Democrats do something bad or Republicans criticize Democrats when they, when they achieve something, when Democrats achieve something, Republicans attack Democrats when a bipartisan bill like this happens, right?


The, the the online left attacks Democrats. And it's not, oh, this is actually Donald Trump. There's no one making that argument. It's a bunch of people declaring this is why Democrats are terrible. This is why Democrats are terrible. And I agree they're terrible. But if we want, like I like I agree with all of that, but like so much of the time that you see these two things side by side, which is how do Republicans get away with this stuff, right? How do they do it? How do they do it? And then you look at our media and it's a bunch of people that are much more interested in being part of the discourse of strategy than actually doing the attacking. Right? There's a lot of people saying, Ugh, Donald Trump's gonna get credit for this, as opposed to a bunch of people saying, Donald Trump doesn't deserve credit for it and here's why. Right? Like, we don't have, there's like, Republicans have so many more soldiers in the social media wars than we do.


We have analysts and we have observers and, and like, if you want to talk about how Donald Trump managed to change politics so much over the last eight years and how things are possible now that weren't possible before, it was that slow and steady work of those people making acceptable things that weren't acceptable. And we just don't have those people fixed bayonets. Love it. Yeah. So on internet Charge Hill, And there's a look, I think the, I will, I'm Ready. I digitally, there's actually a Steve Bannon thing. He always says, we're gonna fix bayonets. We're going after this. I don't know the Lingo, but I'm also somewhat like I'm in complete agreement with Dan's message box that the politics are what they are for Democrats. And also they're terrible. I'm for the ban. I think the ban is a good idea. I think that having the c CCP control one of the largest media platforms that 170 million people in the United States are on, that is like melting their fucking brains.


Our brains. I'll include myself there too, just to not, I don't wanna, I don't wanna offend the youth. We're all part of it. Again, I think it's bad. I mean, by law, by dance has to provide the Chinese Communist Party with whatever it wants, basically. And you know, the, the broader context of the Chinese have hacked into basically every single telecom company in the United States. We, we've been unable the United States governments been unable to get them out. We've learned over time that this op that's called Salt Typhoon, they've managed to get audio and text messages of calls from Donald Trump, JD Vance, senior political officials. So there's this ongoing hacking war happening and the idea that the Chinese national security state wouldn't use TikTok. What it's on ridiculous.


Look at, read all our phones, Everyone just read the Supreme Court opinion. The nine zero Supreme Court opinion by dance is collecting the content of private messages on TikTok. It is also collecting the email and contact info of anyone in your contacts if you're using TikTok and their emails too. So then now the Chinese government, when they want to, can have the names, location data, like what you're buying email of every single American. So like, again, maybe you're fine with that, but it's also a legitimate concern to address, Right. But this, this to me is so I, this is the problem, right? And all of that would be okay if it were in the hands of an American, and to me, like the, what I take away from this, Yeah, we we're a nation, that's why we have borders.


Right? But if we're talking about it, yes, it is worse when China does it, right? I'm just saying. But we have accepted an incredible level of invasion by these companies, which also should not be allowed. I what I like, we went through a cycle of this with Facebook in 2016 and then now, and then Elon Musk's Twitter and how that's changed and misinformation on TikTok, and whether it's Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk or the Russians or the Chinese Communist. What all these people have learned is that like if you throw a bunch of throwing stars and nunchucks and bayonets and knives into the center of a digital circle, Americans will pick them up and kill each other with them.


And that to me is still the problem. Right? And so, like, I like whether people go from TikTok to fucking reels. Like, I don't like that this like the, the Law. Yeah. We have a bigger problem. The law remains the law, right? Donald Trump's allowed to extend it, but they have to put it in other people's hands. But like the problem of misinformation and the way in which these technologies are fucking terrible for us continues. And by the Way, you know, no one has Joe Biden to kick around anymore. And the people who are now most opposed to Trump saving TikTok, Tom Cotton Republican senator has already posted Mike Johnson on Meet the Press was very like, we're gonna try to, you know, the laws, the law. Like I I do think he's gonna have at least at the beginning, like always some Republican pushback on this.


Yeah. Trump Wants to force a sale to Yeah. Someone more supportive of him. Like Elon Musk. I think the critics of this ban are right to point out comments from senior US government officials where they said that like, real momentum behind tiktoks ban came one, there was tons of pro-Palestinian content on there about Gaza. And I do think that was sort of bizarre stupid Argument. US government officials were making that argument. But anyway, yeah. How about they, how about people do try something, make the case for why it should be banned. Just like talk and like declassify or put make public some of these actual arguments that have clearly scared members of Congress behind the scenes that we are still not seeing. And Again, Katan Brown Jackson and Sam Alito. Yeah, agreed.


Hot Safe America is brought to you by via the holiday season mess with your routine looking to take charge of your life with full mental clarity. This new year enhance your sober January and embrace CBD awareness month with Via to experience the powerful benefits of hemp without the high trusted by over half a million happy customers. Via is the Swiss Army knife of wellness dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create high quality wellness products. Vias collection of THC free products combines minor cannabinoids like C-B-D-C-B-G, and CBN with botanical supplements for targeted effects. You can actually feel whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus or relief via has something for you. Via is also well renowned for their award-winning THC and THC, free gummies and vapes. THCA soothing topicals and calming drops all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part via legally ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee no medical card required. So if you're 21 plus, check out our link to vias website and our description and use code crooked for 15% off. And if you're new to aya, get a free gift of your choice via iss. Great. I tried some of their, their CBD, some of their, their THC gummies. 'cause you know, that's kind of how I roll in these times and they're fantastic. It's CBD helps you sleep. At least I find that to be true. So it's, it's really great. Highly recommend if you're 21 plus, go to via do co slash crooked and use the code crooked to receive 15% off. And if you're new to via, get a free gift of your choice. That's VIIA dot co slash crooked. Use code crooked. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you again, VIIA dot co slash crooked Use code crooked this year. Enhance your every day with via.


Have you experienced serious complications with a paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


One last unintentionally funny clip from Donald Trump's inaugural Address. This one in honor of Martin Luther King. It's Martin Luther King Day. Happy Martin Luther King Day, everyone. This week I will also end the government policy of trying to socially engineer race and gender into every aspect of public and private life. We will forge a society that is colorblind and merit based, Merit based.


Did you see all the billionaires clapping behind them? They're ready, they're ready for, for this merit based future. Yeah, They Do you think it, it was merit based that they got those seats, Right? That's and how large Trump became head of the Republican National Committee, merit Based. And now Jared Kushner became an advisor at the White House. Did You see that? They, the the, the billionaires got the, the, the second row behind Trump and then the, and then the cabinet gets the third row behind Trump. It's a, it's in a row declining influence. That's exactly right. The go the Republican governors were in the overflow. Yeah. The Donald Trump went, when, when Donald Trump went to the overflow, he started talking about Texas. And somebody shouted, he's here, he's here, he is in the room with you now.


It's all, it's merit based. Now guys, that's one thing you should remember about the, the second Trump term. Speaking of merit based, I alluded to this earlier, but Trump did launch a Trump coin over the weekend, and then Melania launched a Melania coin. These, these Are like Kennedy and Jackie oti. Right? Does anyone wanna explain these meme coins? What they are, why they're a scam? Sure. What's going on? Sure. You're buying nothing. You are, you are technically buying a digital playing card, but it's not supposed to be viewed as a security or an investment or a donation to Trump. It's you're, you're buying nothing 'cause you like the thing. But people buy and sell and trade these things because they know with some of these meme coins also called shit coins. You can see huge rips to the upside, whether it's like Dogecoin and all of a sudden Elon Musk likes it and you can see people pile in and the price.


Can you talk about What rips to the upside means? You Can see the value go way up. And if you bought a million of them for 1 cent and it goes to a dollar, you make a ton of money. So that's what seems to have happened here. They're a, a company connected to Trump owns 80% of these Trump coins. They also get a fee on the sale of these coins. I saw a guy named Connor Grogan, who's a director of Coinbase, estimated on Saturday that Trump's team had made 58 million in fees from all of the Trump coin sales. So Trump, they launched this Trump coin, Trump promotes it on true social. The thing goes to the moon. And then they launched the Melania coin. And it seems like a bunch of people saw that happen.


And maybe they sold their Trump coin to buy Melania coin. Maybe sold. Gotta have one of Each, you know, well Maybe you sold the Trump coin 'cause you're like, oh no, they're gonna launch a thousand of these things. The value's gonna go down, whatever happens. People just started selling like crazy and the price just collapsed. And it's called a rug pull in the, kind of like the, the, the coin world. So I don't know, we'll find out who Loses out here. 'cause it seems like a bit of a pyramid scheme. All the, all the schmos who buy late, lose out all the people who own it early win. This is, this is the, the Huck to a coin ification of the presidency. And you know, normally you might see like regulators investigating what happened here. Maybe law enforcement gets involved. You think Trump's gonna have his DOJ dig into what happened? No, we're All crypto friendly now, S sec C or the FFC, Every, this is the, the war against crypto is over.


And he's now gonna write the regulations for how crypto is regulated. So this is the new world folks. I Really want 10 years from now, someone to have to explain what the sentence the hawk ification of the Trump presidency means. Well, during The next spit On that presidency, during the next financial crisis, which is caused by a crypto down meltdown. A crypto meltdown that has infected the entire economy and banking system. We'll, we'll be able to look back on that moment, on this moment, A couple years from our AOCs campaign for president being like, would you believe how many Melania's eggs cost? You know what I, you know what? I did enjoy that there's all these like crypto bros online who are, you know, like self-described, huge Trump supporters. And they're like, this is stupid.


Why did he do this? This is gonna, this is gonna sully our reputation as an industry. And this isn't. And one, one crypto lobbyist was quoted as saying like, this is not gonna help our reputation as hucksters and scammers. And now people are gonna think that we're just a bunch of fraudsters because Trump did this. And I, you know, I I'm, I was a big Trump supporter, but this is really disappointing that he's doing this. I Honestly, I think credit good for those people. Yeah. Like there are, there, there are arguments you can make for the utility of Bitcoin or the blockchain or other, these technologies. There's no utility to a meme coin or shitcoin. It's just for shits and giggles. And for the president of the United States to launch this thing the day before he's inaugurated and then someone pulled the rug on everybody who got in late.


Like he's harming his own people who might have bought in. No, I, I say, I say good for them. 'cause you're right, you can make arguments in favor of it. But, but to trust that Donald Trump is, if he just like, just emerged out of nowhere, like, oh yeah, this guy has our best interest. Yes. This guy's gonna, this guy's gonna put the proper guardrails on this sy on the agents. I think what you should take from what the, the, what I think we take away from those quotes though is just how egregious this was. This is like shockingly irresponsible, borderline illegal. Well, And, and look, where did all that money, right, where does that 50 million in the pockets of this entity come from? Or the people that who bought in a too high a value before it collapsed. Like where does that money come from? Like, it may be, a lot of it may be from ma maga supporters, people that don't know any better and are just sort of following the trends.


People, you know, you can't count an honest man. People who think they're gonna get one over and try to get in early and fall prey to this. But this is also a vehicle for all kinds of corruption that we may not be able to see. We have no idea who's buying this. We have no idea who's sending 30 million or $50 million to Donald Trump via this kind of Foreign actors, crypto, foreign adversaries. They can all just sort of carry favor with president of the United States now. Just, it's just easier. I mean, they could before 'cause it's Donald Trump, but this is just sort of an easier way to do it. All right, let's talk about the outgoing president Joe Biden. Here's how we greeted Donald Trump at the White House before the inaugural ceremony. Welcome home. Welcome home. Okay. That's a tough one.


Like, I just, I thought a, like a simple, simple hello would've sufficed. I don't think you need to like punch him in the face or anything. Or be think it's mean. I think he could've just been like, Hello. Do you think it's the same mattress? No. You think they get a new mattress in there? I I, I I bet they go with the Don Luxe. You think it's a Don? Oh, very Good. Always think into the sponsors. That's good. I it's a, yeah, Call It out. They have a new elite collection. Maybe they went for that. I bet. I bet. If, I bet if Donald Trump gave Felix looks a shout out, they'd send him a free one. Biden also made some last minute moves. He issued preemptive pardons for Liz Cheney, members of the January 6th committee. The staff, Benny Thompson, Anthony Fauci, mark Millie, general Mark Millie, and then his entire family.


So his brothers sister in-laws, the whole Dan Dan got one. The whole Biden crime family. No, Dan pointed, Basically my son Dan Pfeiffer from Delaware, Pelosi, everyone from Delaware got a Pelosi. Didn't get one, didn't one because they're speaking. She's, she's She's getting a different something from Donald Trump. Right. And Biden made sure that too. What'd you guys think of the last minute pardons? I like the ones for the people that tried to protect democracy. I'm confused by the ones for his family members. I didn't, they're people that I, I didn't even know they were on Donald Trump's radar. I think Cas Patel is gonna find out something about these people existing via these. Pardon? What did you think Dan? Well, I mean there, there has been one, one of his brothers has been a target for a long time and it's been a target from Trump.


A target the Republicans, it target the Republican Congress. So I think if you're doing that, I guess you're doing the whole family to make next year's Thanksgiving less awkward. Do you think it was into stalking or something? How do you give these out? I mean, stalking stuffer, It wasn't one of those things where you pull it and it, The gender reveal. Yeah, The preemptive pardons fine. Right. I mean, I think it's weird he didn't do Jack Smith. I know why. I know why he didn't do Merrick Garland. Maybe he shouldn't have prosecuted Biden's son. Right? Yep. But like a lot, or just like everyone who was involved in investigating Donald Trump, judge Marshan, Cassie Hutchinson. Did she get One N? No, that's a good Question. I don't think so. Not the witness.


I don't the witness or not. They said some, they they did for the Capitol police officers that testified. Right. So, so I don't know about Cassidy. I mean, I would like to be Na I would love, I would love a little more specificity if I were her. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's very true. I think the People who, but Bob got it know, like, there there are names out there I think with 'em. Yeah. But people in d oj people like Alvin Bragg or you know, Tish James, like all those, I mean, I guess it, you have to draw a line somewhere, you know, He should have put something up by the auditorium. Like, like everyone's finding out if they made cheer squad. Oh Yeah. And if your name's not on there, you're just like, yeah, what, what? Yeah, what do you open the thing? It's like, oh, commutation, come on. Yeah. Pardon. So much better. But like I S back to Cassie Hutchinson. I mean, I, I don't know her. She's been on the show.


She was a witness, she was someone that Republicans accused of committing perjury before the committee and also someone who was at the lowest level. Right. She was an assistant in the White House, has no resources, is not gonna be able to hire like the fanciest lawyers out there. So I, I would be a little nervous if I were, I will just say because And tr and Trump called her out at his overflow speech. Yeah, He Did. He went after basically by name. He Did. I will just say though, that when we, when he did the hunter Pardon? I said then that if he does the preemptive pardons, it will at least put the hunter pardon? In a, in a better light. I still disagree with it, but I am good for Joe Biden.


I think the preemptive pardons, it is sad that he has to do preemptive pardons for a bunch of people who committed no crimes. But when you have a person who just became president, who literally almost every day of his campaign threatened to prosecute people for no reason because he was mad that he was being investigated for his law breaking then, you know, I I, I would've, I I probably would've done the same thing. Oh, AB abs like, and Good for Joe Biden for doing it. You know, It's a, it's an umbrella if, if better to have it and not needeth than need to not have it. It clearly annoyed Donald Trump and we'll get to that speech, but you know, Donald Trump is pissed about these pardons. Yeah, it is. It's just of a strange list. And it is funny to also throw in your whole family.


It's funny to do. The Hunter won in advance. I mean, it just, it's the other thing, it's like he, they released him at like 1158, like as his final act was to release Leonard Pelt from prison to Pardon? Also good Pardon? Jerry Lundgren a who was in prison for, who's a Kentucky politician who was in prison for campaign finance violations and his whole family. Like, it just, it doing it like in the sort of dark of night like that just makes it seem worse. You know, just do it, do it all. And this is, it's, it's the same thing with the Hunter Biden. Pardon? It's just like, do them and defend them. Make the case for them. Every personal political decisions Joe Biden makes, he tends to make only with his family and like one or two aids and then just roll it out right away.


And it creates a political nightmare, right? I mean this is a, the Clearly the family influence has its fingerprints all over this one, right? I mean Right. There's all this reporting about how he decided to run for reelection without really running it by staff. There's reporting that the Hunter pardon was made in concert with, you know, like a family meeting and then they kind of rolled it out weeks and weeks ago and then did the rest of them this week. So yeah, I mean I think the, the, the timing, the communications plan wasn't really there. Well for a lot of these I do Think it's gonna really hurt Joe Biden's reelection chances. But the, well, I mean, it hurt like how he was talked about for months. He could have put heart punter in this last batch and buried it all. I guess there was kind of the, the questioning, the sentencing Yeah. Issue of sentencing that complicated things timing wise, I guess.


I know, I know. And I still don't get that. 'cause it's like, say Hunter was sentenced, then there's still the pardons, the pardon? Pardon? Or the commutations. The commutation. You know, the Leonard Sier one is interesting though. He's a Native American activist who's been in jail since 1977 for allegedly murdering two FBI agents. But it's been very controversial and I think, you know, people have been trying to get him released for years and years and years now. Yeah. I mean, amnesty International called him a, a political prisoner, et cetera. And I think he's not completely free. I think he's now on a home confinement. It moved him to home confinement. I'm glad Fauci got one. Yeah. Our boy Fauci can rest easy. Yeah. But also like, there's this Presumption of guilt and you see shitty people like Rand Paul tweeting about how now we know, you know, Fauci is guilty for his actions during the pandemic and, and maybe that maybe who cares Only I don't care about that.


The only, the only reason this matters is Chip Roy was outta the gate saying, okay, well now that they're all pardoned, we can haul them all before Congress and they can't take the fifth. And so either they tell us the truth or they lie and then we can get them on perjury. Well look the part, the joke, we can't stop the fact that they've taken over the government. Right. We can't stop them from abusing their offices on a going forward basis. And we can't stop them from in bad faith interpreting this however they want. But I think I would rather have, I would rather have a pardon in my hand and ran Paul yelling at me then neither. I think, You know what else we can't do fake declare a new amendment to the Constitution, Which is now, now, now now, Jonathan, you can you go outside and you say, I declare the equal rights amendment is the law of the land.


This happened on Friday. Biden declared that the equal rights amendment to the Constitution was now the law of the land, even though basically no one else agrees. Love it. You wanna unpack this one for us? So the Equal Rights Amendment, the original draft had a, a deadline, I believe of 1977. It was extended to 1982. It was passed by almost enough states to become a constitutional amendment. It was one away then in the years that followed several states rescinded their ratification. And then Virginia became no Takebacks on amendments, No takebacks. So then, and then Virginia became the 37th state to ratify the ERA. And there was a movement to say that congress setting a deadline is not constitutional because the Constitution doesn't make any provision for deadlines, for ratification of amendments and therefore that part of the amendment doesn't matter.


And the national archivist who is somehow for whatever reason very important in this process, should declare it part of the constitution. They said no, well, That she prints all the pocket constitutions, so, Right. Yeah. Huh. And the big ones. And the big ones and the big ones. She's got all of Them all sizes. Yeah. All yeah. Yeah. You can get all the, yeah, you just do PDF but Biden could have, Biden could have ordered her to do it And he did not. Well, right. He, he could have ordered her to do it, but it's not clear then. It was not clear what happens after that. And it would then end up before the Supreme Court. And the Supreme Court has in the past ruled on these kind, the, the court has found that setting deadlines is a reasonable thing to do under the constitution that they have your right to do it.


It does, like, to me, like what I was comparing it to is like, okay, so Joe Biden is doing this kind of vaguely extra legal thing on his way out the door. And Donald Trump is doing this extra legal thing coming into the door of declaring that undocumented, the children of undocumented immigrants are not citizens. And it's just, I I feel like we we're like, you know, Joe Biden is the institution guy and there's a bunch of critiques of Joe Biden from the left saying he defends the institution, but he should use his power and he should go further. And then he does something like this and it's like he does it and the archivist says no, and then he's out of office and it's fucking dead. And it just felt like a strange, I don't know, like kind of statement of principle or a fuck you out the door. It didn't lead to anything. It was purely ceremonial.


It was very strange. The substantive case for trying to weigh in on this, let's say, would be that the, the supporters of the view that the amendment has been ratified say that, that the president putting his weight behind it lends some credence to the legal case. Should it go before the courts right now? Fine. But in that case, maybe Joe Biden goes up and gives a statement that says like, while I, I don't know if I can do this. I believe it is, and, and actually explains this, what made it sort of mocked, what led what led to it being mocked is, you know, just like a graphic that he tweeted that is like, I declare the amendment is the law of the land.


I declare bankruptcy. Right. Once again, once again, the way they went about it was just sort of like, what? Yeah, It was very typical. It's like enough to please the groups who are, who've been pushing very hard for the White House to do this, but not enough to actually go all the way. Like, let's say he had ordered the archivist to do it and the archivist had printed a bunch of new constitutions with more amendments before you go out the door. One, those would be worth a lot of money once it's eventually struck down. But that'd be cool. But it's like, right. But then It's, it's, it's just, it was pure symbolism. Right. To and with no also with no other communications plan around it. No communications plan Around it. Which no, no explanation for like why they did it, why they couldn't do it, what was going on. Just nothing.


Nothing. Right. Or, but all the alternative, by the way, he's right the other door, he orders the national archivist to print to, to do it. The archivist is like, no. And then we're then where are we? And again, This is not just like beating up upon Joe Biden as he goes out the door. The this was a, a, a weird thing to do. It's like this is a good lesson for the future for Democrats. Don't do shit like that. Don't just declare stuff because like you, it's sim symbolism performance of stuff. Like, it just doesn't, doesn't matter. The what matters is like explaining to people why you can do something and then actually getting the power to do it. Whether it's the pardons, whether it's TikTok, whether it's this. We have paid so last time, I'm gonna say it for a while. We have paid so dearly for having an empty bully pulpit for a long time.


And that is the, that is the sad end to the Joe, the Joe Biden presidency. Despite a lot of good that he did Well, Poor Phyllis Schley, you should, everyone should listen to strict scrutiny this week. They go deeper on. This was very interesting. Yes, you should 'cause always, always listen to strict scrutiny.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Helix. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including award-winning, lux and ultra premium elite collections. Helix plus a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers helix mattress designed for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. So how will you know which Helix Mattress works best for you and your body? Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Not sure you can take my word for it. Helix has been awarded the number one mattress picked by GQ and Wired magazine. It's even recommended by multiple leading chiropractors and doctors of sleep medicine as a go-to solution for improving your sleep Love Helix mattress. We got a couple in our house. Charlie's got one. Our son's got one as his very first mattress and he loves it. It's very comfortable, as do I when I am in there reading him a book. We also have our guest mattress is a helix mattress and that's super comfy. That's at least what we hear from our guests. So highly recommend going to get yourself a helix mattress. Go to helix sleep.com/crooked for 27% off site wide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase. That's helix sleep.com/crooked for 27% offsite wide. Plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase helix sleep.com/crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with a para guard I uud like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Speaking of someone who really knows how to command the bully pulpit Donald Trump, even though he gave the longest inaugural address in modern history, decided he was not done yet. Went to the overflow room and spoke to that crowd in Emancipation Hall 33 minutes. And basically it was like, it was the, it was the director's cut from the inaugural from the inaugural address all the things he wanted to say. Yeah, It was the drunk DVD commentary Exactly all the things he wanted to say but couldn't say in the speech. Let's listen. And Between JD and Melania and anybody else that her policer, it's such a beautiful unifying speech.


Please sir, don't say these things. I was going to talk about the J six hostages, but you'll be happy because you know it's action not words that count. And I was going to talk about the things that Joe did today with the pardons of people that were very, very guilty of very bad crimes. Like why are we doing milli? He was pardoned what he said terrible. What He said. Why are we helping some of the people? Why are we helping Liz Cheney? I mean, Liz Cheney's a disaster. She's a crying lunatic and crying, crying. Adam Kinzinger. He's a super crying. I never saw the guy not crying.


He's always crying. And I think this was a better speech than the one I made upstairs. Okay. I think this was better JD It's not wrong. It certainly was a, a truer speech to who Trump is. This is, that's sort of the moment. I think we all, we all heard this was going on. We're like, this is, this is the next four years. This is what we're in for. Yeah, It's a rally speech one after the other. Did you catch that Dan? Did you catch the the overflow speech? I did. And it's exactly, exactly, you described it right? It is the director's cut. It's just, and this, I mean it's just like sometimes I can never stop looking at these things from perspective of a communications staffer.


But you do this whole speech, this is your message you have, I mean it's poorly written, but someone did write it and you have it out there and you've decided these are the things you're gonna do. And then he just calls Nancy Pelosi a criminal and talks about and calls Liz Cheney a crying psychopath minutes after your speech is over. It's just, it's like a truly wild choice. I also, everyone should go watch this just to see the look on JD Vance's face at the top where he starts talking about all the things he didn't want them. He looks like so pained and kind of constipated and Speaker Johnson is like twitching and looking around and staring into the middle distance. It's, it's, it's nice. Well, Well part of it also, like this was supposed to be 10 minutes and at the be and so, you know, it's, it's a little bit like, they're like, okay, so Trump's gonna be a little toast to say thank you to all the people in the overflow.


'cause we couldn't do this outside and then we'll go do the parade and, and whatever other, and the heinous executive order ceremonies and all the other things, we've got big plans for the day and so they're just standing behind him. They wouldn't have stood behind him if he was gonna speak for 30 minutes. So part of it is sort of like, can I shuffle to the fucking side here? I'm standing right behind him. He's supposed to be a greeting he's doing, he's doing a tight 15 on how the border wall was gonna be made of cement. But there's acid that goes through cement and I didn't think it was gonna be pretty, I thought it was gonna be ugly. There's Greg Abbott, there's this guy, there's that guy and they're standing behind him And Melania and her big goofy fucking hat is just hiding her eyes and looking down and just was so pissed the whole time. And then Trump starts talking about how her feet hurt and how she wanted to go home, but he made her come here. It's so weird. Yeah. And but it was like, to Dan's point about the communications piece of it, he basically, you know, takes us all behind the scenes because he gets up there and he says, these are the parts I really wanted to say, but they told me I couldn't say today that I should save it for tomorrow, but I'm not gonna save it it for tomorrow.


I'm gonna do it right here, right now. And, And you know what? He was right. Doesn't matter it. Well that's his, he is like, he said, I hope he's right. He said, I don't think it's gonna affect the coverage because there the coverage of my main speech is already out there and it's looking pretty good, but maybe I'll get in trouble. Well, You know what? It will affect some of the coverage. We're gonna talk about it. MSNBC's probably flipping out about it. New York Times will mention it, right? And then it won't fucking matter, right? Because most people that voted for him don't pay any attention to any of those media sources. And so it's like they just pay attention to Donald Trump what Donald Trump says. So if he wants to do his fucking tight 33 on on his, his stump speech revised one last time, you know, that's, that's what he is here for four years for Right? And, and I assume all the headlines, even the mainstream headlines that'll be slowly that people will catch and see disperses are are things like America's decline are over America's golden age.


They are the headlines that Donald Trump would want it to be. And by the way, that's not a criticism of them. When a president gives an inaugural the headline should be the headline line from the speech. That is what it should be. So of course he's free to fucking do this. And by the way, all of his, he's gonna do, all of his biggest fans are gonna see this. They're all gonna see, don't worry, the real Trump is still there. We're gonna get exactly what we want from this guy. Yeah. Just to end, Dan, you, you wrote a message box on Monday today this morning. Is it Monday? We're recording this on Monday, as you all know 'cause we're talking about the inaugural, but how to survive the Trump presidency. What are some highlights? What are some tips for everyone on how to survive the Trump presidency? And then we can ask Tommy and Lovett what they think too. I'll Do a few and then for all of them subscribe. But nice in all seriousness, I think there are just a few things I would, you know, I've is there are gonna be after today 1,460 more days of the Trump presidency and we gotta get through all of them, right?


And we've gotta try to get through 'em by saying let's get through them with our faculties intact. And so just a couple things that I've been thinking about is one, yes, Trump won a really big victory. Like he won, as he pointed out in his inaugural dress. He won all the swing states, the country did move to the right, he did win the popular vote, but he also only won the presidency by about a hundred thousand votes in three states. And that's just worth keeping in mind. Not to tell ourselves some story about how we don't have to make huge changes to Democratic party. We absolutely do. But just that victory is that mu is much closer than it appears right at this moment. So just like keep that in mind. Second, and I think this is a lesson we've all learned from the Trump years now, is we don't have to follow him down every rabbit hole, right?


He wants our attention 24 7. He wants to just flood the zone with shit all the time. And our attention is our greatest resource and we can decide how we, what, where, when we give it to Trump, I don't have to give it to him all the time. We can just depict between the things that actually matter, where he's making a real impact and the things that's just a much annoy to distract us. And so I think it's a very important thing. It's not something I'm gonna try to do with the newsletter thing. Something we can do this podcast is try to help people separate the signal from the noise, understand what matters. I think the most important thing is we're all angry. We are anxious, we are worried. And the best thing to do, and that's always been true ever since Trump was first elected, is to channel that into action and people should go to vote Save America.


We'll, to figure out ways to do that. But just, I wanna keep, keep people like a north star for this, which is right now the Republicans have one of the nearest house majorities in history. You have a bunch of Republicans who are existing in very, very purple districts. The, the voting patterns in the Trump era suggests we have a phenomenal chance to take the house back. And if we take the house back, Donald Trump will never pass another law that does not have Hakeem Jeffries. Okay? We will have the ability to investigate Donald Trump. We have investi the ability to hold hearings, to issue subpoenas, and we can do that. And that is of just, we have to get through these two years focused and working on taking the house back. And if we do that, Trump will still be president.


He can still do really bad things, but we will have so much more power and ability to limit what he does, limit the damage he does, and expose him for who he is. Alright, I like that. Anyone else? Watch what he does, not what he says and focus on those midterms. He said that in the, in his speech he said, what actions matter words more than words. There we go. I think that was right. Yeah, he's he's a strong silent type. This one. Yeah. I I have, I have the just two thoughts. One is things change less than you think in a year and more than you think in five years. And I think today to me was like a reminder of that. We wonder like how did we get to a place where corruption doesn't matter? Like how did we get to a place where Donald Trump can abuse the office in this way?


Well it took time, it took a slow degradation of basic values of, of the Republican party being slowly and steadily coop co co-opted. But it did change and it changed a lot, but it did it in a matter of just a few years. And we shouldn't be so cynical or apathetic or resign to believe that it can't change just as much in the other direction in another couple of years. We have to slowly work towards that in all the ways we can. And that's a very big goal. And then that's a hard goal and it's hard to think about. And then when you get anxious or bored or frustrated or mad about thinking about the, that big problem, you can focus on the, the very concrete of just winning the house. Yeah, I think, you know, it's, it's taken me 43 years to do this, but I don't doom about the future as much anymore because, not because there's nothing to doom about, but because nothing we can do, like worrying about it is not gonna change it.


So really trying to take the Trump presidency one day at a time and focusing on like what we can control and what we can't. And also recognizing that to Dan's point, you know, he won by a hundred thousand plus votes in in, in all the swing states. And we should also recognize though, like why he won. And it seems like the, you know, not the Trump fans, but the additional people that got him over the, got him over the hill that got him over, you know, that got him close to 50% and one on the swing states, they were pissed about the cost of living and they didn't think that the Democratic party gave enough of a shit about them. And you know, right now price of eggs, $4 and 15 cents price of eggs, the mortgage rate is 7%, gas is $3 a gallon.


So we're just gonna check back in on those because, well, let's just take Donald Trump at his words. Let's, we've tried resistance politics, let's try normal politics. Normal politics is he made a bunch of promises, big promises that he was gonna do. He's gonna fix the country. We're not gonna be in decline. Everything's gonna be great. It's gonna be affordable, prices are gonna fall, you're gonna be doing great. Okay? If that happens, good for Donald Trump. But if it doesn't happen, we should point it out and we should point it out along the way when he breaks his promises or when he declines to fulfill them. Yeah, there's a moment in the speech where he says that, that the country is unifying behind my agenda. It is not. That is what he, that is, that is wish casting, that is hopeful thinking. But the policies that are deeply unpopular a week ago remain deeply unpopular today.


Know the country doesn't want giant tax cuts for the rich, know it doesn't want a president who's focused on bathroom policies and, and, and ridiculous right-wing grievances over, over their basic day-to-day concerns. And we'll be here with you guys the whole time. We're not going anywhere. So stick with us. You can, and our friends at Votes Save America are gonna be here. You can sign up at Votes Save America to figure out how to get involved. We're giving everyone a break for a little bit. But you know what? There's gonna be 20, 25 elections and Virginia and New Jersey then there's gonna be the midterms before you know it. So we're gonna be, it's gonna be busy again. And, and also, you know, we'll be here on Pod Save America and all of our other pods and you can sign up at Friends of the Pod to be a subscriber.


And we have a great community and everyone is, is good to each other and shares their ideas. And we want to hear from you guys as well because the Democratic party has a lot of work to do. Yeah, we are, we are at rock bottom. Let's hope, let's hope and as Dan said, yeah, well least Will party for for a party for sure. Not the country but for the party. We're pretty much a rock bottom. So it's gonna take everyone to figure out how the hell to get us out of this. And as Dan said in his message box, gotta support progressive media. We gotta have, we gotta have some alternative to this. Yeah. Alright everyone, Dan and I'll be back with a new episode on Friday and we will see you then. Bye everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph dra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Pal Aviv, and David Tolls.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


Hi, I'm Roman Mars, host of the podcast, 99% Invisible Design is everywhere in our lives, but it's easy to not notice or take it for granted. 99% invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture. It's stories of who we are through the lens of the things we build. Like have you ever wondered why we use the one kilohertz bleep sound to cover up inappropriate words on radio and tv? Or what aspects of infrastructure Allow five-year-olds in Japan to run errands by themselves while kids in the US are completely dependent on their parents or their parents' cars. Or why the historic flag of South Vietnam shows up at right-wing protests all the time, or why people are obsessed with houseplants? And when did we start bringing plants from halfway around the world into our homes to begin with? 99% invisible. We'll explore all of that and more every Tuesday. Follow and listen to 99% Invisible wherever you get your podcast.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.