
At Leidos, a brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart. But an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart. But integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions in national security and health. We're making smart, smarter. Leidos


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year. And check out the all new 25 Camry or test drive a stylish and affordable Corolla. Find out more@buyatoyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


America has tried these failed economic policies before, but we are not going back. We are not going back. Not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. Okay, so new vibes here on the wilderness. Our last show was just after the debate that has now changed the course of history with just over three months to go. In the 2024 election, president Biden withdrew from the race and vice President Kamala Harris is now the new presumptive democratic nominee.


Biden. Dropping out this close to the election is a truly shocking development that has no precedent in US history. But if you've listened to the show for the last few years, you might not have been surprised that it was the persistent widespread concerns about the president's age that eventually led him to pass the torch concerns that didn't originate with the media or pundits or elected officials, but with the voters Republican and democratic voters of every age, race and background, especially people who haven't decided who they're voting for or whether they'll vote at all. This was true of the voters we heard from before the midterms last season. It's been true this season and it's why listening to the kind of voters who will decide this election is so valuable and important because we can't persuade people without first meeting them where they are and hearing what's on their minds.


So that's what we're gonna keep doing for the rest of the season. Only now we'll be focused on what it will take to persuade enough people to make Kamala Harris the next president of the United States. The race is still extremely close and the VP starts as a bit of an underdog. Though she's already in a stronger position to defeat Trump than Biden was, especially after the debate, the impressions voters have of her also aren't as hardened as they are with Biden or Trump. And so the race between the Harris campaign and the Trump campaign to define the VP in the last a hundred days of the election is on one person who's been frantically talking to more swing voters than just about anyone over the course of the last week is our friend Sarah Longwell, the never Trump publisher of the Bulwark and host of the Focus Group podcast.


We asked Sarah to come back and talk about what voters think of our new democratic nominee and what we can all say to persuade the persuadables in our lives to vote for Kamala Harris. Let's get into it. I'm John Favre. Welcome to the wilderness. Sarah, welcome back to the wilderness. Oh, I'm so glad to be here. Can't wait. Let's talk Safe to say quite a bit has changed in the eight weeks since we last spoke on this pod. Wanted to have you on again 'cause I know you've been doing a lot of focus groups with persuadable voters, especially since the debate. And I've heard a lot about the new presumptive democratic nominee, vice president, Kamala Harris.


What groups of voters have you guys talked to recently and how many groups have you done since Biden dropped out and endorsed Harris? Okay, great question. So after the debate, I'll start there. We like went on a focus grouping, tear And. I really wanted to dig in with both swing voters then, but also with black voters. And so we did a lot of black voter groups, especially we did two groups of black voting women because I was really trying to understand both what was the fear around if Joe Biden dropped out. Like we'd have the first female black president. And so what was the resistance to that? Because the, the campaign was really leaning on this idea that black voters were with him. And then I did a lot of swing voters 'cause that's who I tend to talk to.


A lot of the Trump 2016 to Joe Biden 2020 voters. And then since Harris got in, we've also been trying to get as many in as possible. I think we've done Four. Okay. That's A lot. And all swing voter groups and yeah, that's what we got. So before we get to Harris, in general, how did people feel about Biden post-debate? Did any of them think that the media coverage was overblown? Did any of them think he should stay? What were the vibes like in July? So the two different groups, the swing voter groups have been down on Biden now for months and years. I mean I, I don't know when the last time we talked, but I never thought Biden should run again. And I didn't think Biden should run again because I'd been listening to voters in these focus groups for so long.


And I was seeing a ton of backsliding. So, and by a ton. Look, when you have roughly half the group or even three or four people in a group of eight who had gone from Trump voted for Biden and now say they were going back to Trump almost entirely because of Joe Biden's age, something he was not gonna be able to change. Little bit of economy thrown in there, but they were just down on Biden. And so now I would say after the debate it got much just much more catastrophic in the language. And people were mean. They would say things like, he's an animatronic waxwork. They forgot to wind up. Oof. They would call him a corpse and they would talk about how like desperate they were over the choice. It was like an insurrectionist versus somebody who's not even there.


And so I would say there is a level of excitement over this change, even from swing boaters who like aren't there yet on Kamala. Mm. They're still so happy about it. That's Interesting. They're glad that Biden stepped down. But you know, we all got ourselves in trouble. We are the podcasters. But I really think they meant you. But like we were among the podcasters you were who were like, he's gotta step down. And a lot of it was because of what I was hearing from these voters who, they're the double haters. Right. And Joe Biden had to turn it around with them. He had to. And when he failed to do it and it just got worse, there was no path. But then lemme just talk about the black voters quickly. Hmm. Because I thought the black voters were super interesting in that we were hearing from people that black voters under no circumstances wanted Joe Biden to step down.


That's not really what we heard. All the swing voters wanted him to step down all of them in the black voting groups. There was a lot of fear about what was coming for Kamala if it was her. Hmm. And there was some sort of loyalty. But for the black voters were just like, I don't know. It feels better to have an old white guy because if it's Kamala, like they're gonna tear her apart. They're gonna be awful to her. and you could see the fear, like how, how much they were gonna feel it when they came for Kamala. Yeah. I think we have a clip from one of those groups of black voters that you did before the handoffs. So let's listen. We saw what happened to Clinton and this time it's a black woman. So now we throw something else on top of it.


I don't see that going well. And honestly just black woman's a black woman, I feel for her. Even President Barack Obama, like he is a man and he, it was horrible. Like people's reactions to him winning. It was horrible. And then as people mentioned already Hillary Clinton, like if we were gonna do a woman, it would have to be a white woman first. So this was a group of black voters you talked to a few weeks ago who supported Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Joe Biden in 2020. So these are like strong Biden now maybe Harris voters. Were those views indicative of what other groups said about Harris? Like what, what are some other impressions voters have about Harris that they had sort of before the handoff?


So the black voting group was pretty specific, especially the women, the two groups of women, black voters. Because for them it, it clearly felt very personal. A lot of them talked about how black men that they knew didn't like Kamala Harris. Hmm. And I. Honestly, I remember feeling really sad after those groups just listening to how much these women felt like it had to be Biden because they were like, America's just not gonna elect a black woman. I mean you heard them say it and they were like, look, if we're gonna go beat Trump, we need sort of like the straightest whitest. And somebody who was, was using the phrase Superman. Like I felt sad that people felt so certain that America would be so against a woman or a black woman. Like, and it, it didn't even seem to be specific to Kamala, it was just about America and what America would and would not accept.


But what's been interesting to me is how I think excitement can be really contagious, right? People were being dominated by a lot of fear in those weeks. People were so nervous. and you can see now that once it was Kamala and once she showed up, you could just see how when somebody is showing up right and they're going on offense, people are like, you know what? I'm ready to rock. I'm ready to rock with you. And like I bet if we go back to those black women groups and ask them again, I bet right now I bet they're doing calls for Kamala. you know, they're ready to go. 'cause certainly that's, I think broadly what is happening. I don't know about that specific group. I think they would still probably be like, you know, I'm nervous about how this is gonna go and they're calling her, you know, A DEI president. But I think that instead of the fear that they felt, then now they would feel ready to go on offense with her.


So we dealt with something similar way back in 2007 with Barack Obama in that like his numbers with black voters weren't that great. And in some polls early on they were worse than Hillary's. And the reason is because there was this fear that he wasn't gonna be able to win. And it wasn't until he wins the Iowa caucuses and a bunch of white people came out in caucus for him that suddenly the enthusiasm and excitement among black voters was like, okay, maybe we can do this. Like still had this fear, right? But like, this feels good. I think we could do this. And so like it's something similar happening. Now she of course has the added challenge of sexism in addition to latent racism as well.


So that's tougher. What are some other impressions of Kamala Harris been with the swing voters you've spoken to? Yeah, so the number one thing you hear about Kamala Harris is the idea that people just, they're like, I don't see her. What does she even do? Like I don't know anything about her. There's this sense of, I don't know, maybe I thought she was gonna be okay and then I never saw her again once she became the vice president. So that creates for them sort of a negative impression. It's not a locked in anti Kamala, it's just a negative impression. And then there's like a step up above that that's more committed that is like she didn't do anything about the border. you know, she was supposed to do X, Y, or Z, but has done nothing Now I just haven't seen her, I don't know much about her was so pervasive though that I think for a long time I was like, look, voters don't like Kamala Harris.


But when we had to sort of face the choice of Biden stepping down and understanding that like the idea of an open convention, it was gonna get tough and whatever and, and you started thinking about Kamala And, I started listening to the voters almost with sometimes you put different ears on, you know, because the world changes and you're like, I wanna think really hard about what they're saying about Kamala right now. And I just thought actually there's a lot of upside here. Most people aren't saying they hate her. Most people aren't saying, yeah, she did this or that. That makes them mad. They have this like loose impression out of, mostly out of an absence of something, which means she could reintroduce herself to the country. She has a chance here to redefine herself with these people because some people have a committed negative impression, but most people just have like an absent negative impression.


So in the groups that you've done this week, since Harris has become the presumptive nominee, are these mostly Trump to Biden swing voters, mixed races as well or Yes. They are mixed race. So most of the groups are mixed race often. We just wanted to do very specific groups of black voters after the debate because there was that specific conversation happening. Yep. Yeah. Here's what I would say about the swing voters right now they're nervous, like they're catching up. They're not terminally online like the rest of us. And so we're moving at the speed of light of things and they're still being like, whoa, this happened. Biden stepped down. Kamala is, is she gonna be the nominee?


Like they're still kind of like, will it be her? you know, they heard so much about open conventions, but here's the things that I would say. The few things that I'm hearing thematically. One is for people who are negative, I would say one of the most negative things we're hearing is the idea that there wasn't some form of a primary I was gonna ask. Yeah, There's this sense of like, well the donors got to pick and our Democrats picked and that doesn't feel fair. We've heard that from some people. Then there's, we hear a lot more of the, I don't know her, I don't know that much about her, but I'm gonna go find out like I'm interested to learn. I'd like to know more. And it's funny in the groups, they really are still double haters. And so they do still hate Trump.


So they're sort of looking for a reason to like her in a way that they weren't before. This is sort of what I mean about new ears in the way that the context changes. Where a bunch of people who kind of had this negative impression of her go, okay, show me what you got. I'm open now, I'm open for business, I'm, I'm ready to hear your pitch. and you could hear some of the people say like, oh, I didn't know that much about her, but I assume she'll be good on abortion. And let me just tell you, the other thing that's happening with the swing voters is it is happening at the same time that the JD Van stuff is happening. Ah, and the JD Vance stuff, it is creating a whole new layer of contrast, especially for women. And so suddenly she's also getting a new look in that context.


Is the childless cat lady thing popping up in in any group? It Is. It's and just and and it's less the cat lady and more just, it's like less specifically that like the couch thing's not permeating specifically either, but this is what happens when those kind of mean things get going. Here's what people take away. It's less cat lady and more. I don't think he likes women. Hmm. I think he's crazy on abortion. I think he seems weird. And I'll tell you, we did so many groups in 2022 both for Vance and on Blake Masters and back then I remember how much I thought JD Vance, the way that people talked about JD Vance and the way people talked about Blake Masters was so similar. Mm. They just think they're weird. And JD Vance is getting that now too, where people are like, I dunno, this guy sucks.


I just think he's kind of a weird, his weird opinions about, oh and he is extreme on abortion. Like that's what's bringing through. And because of the flip flopping on Trump, it's not so much that they care one way or the other, what he said before. It's just that it's the act of this person must not have any core. Mm Because he said all these things. It wasn't like he said, I didn't wanna vote for him. He was like, no, he is America's Hitler now I'm his vice president. It's a big flip flop. Like for people that's not like an evolution. It's just like a really big swing for folks


At Leidos. A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart, but an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart. But integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions and national security and health. We're making smart smarter Leidos


The 24 Toyota Tacoma and Tundra both rank in the top 10 for resale value among all vehicles for 2024 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota truck and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year. That's Toyota resale value Visit buy a toyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Don't just ride the index. Seek to outperform it with FELC. The fidelity enhanced large cap core ETF. Unlike passive ETFs, FELC is run by a team of experts to adapt to market conditions and pursue upside potential wherever it's hiding. And while you get the potential outperformance of an actively managed fund, you can still buy and sell it on your terms. Just like any other ETF, discover FELC, the Fidelity enhanced large cap core etf, part of Fidelity suite of active ETFs. Learn more at fidelity.com/flc. Before investing in any exchange traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact fidelity for prospectus and offering circular or if available a summary prospectus containing this information, read it carefully. While active ETFs offer the potential to outperform an index, these products may more significantly trail an index as compared with passive ETFs. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC member N-Y-S-C-S-I-P-C.


You mentioned that some people were concerned about the process that led to Harris. Did anyone suggest that there were other nominees they were hoping for? Did they throw out other candidate names or were they just sort of like, eh, how did we get here? No, you know, we were asking a lot about names in the intervening weeks between the debate and when Biden ultimately stepped down. And now we've been asking about bps. If you are in Pennsylvania, people say Shapiro, we've been disproportionately talking to swing state voters. So if you are in Pennsylvania they say Shapiro, if you are in Arizona or if they're an Arizona voter, they say astronaut man Mark Kelly.


If they're in Michigan they say Whitmer. And you're, if you're in Arizona, you don't know who Josh Shapiro is. And vice versa. Yeah. On these folks. And so it wasn't that they had the only name actually that ever sort of comes up organically really is Michelle Obama. Like where they put it forward. 'cause she comes up all the time. I swear to God if Michelle Obama wanted to save democracy right now. I know, I know. And when people say like a black woman couldn't win, I'm telling you Michelle Obama running the tables. I hear her name so often. But the people that come up organically were people do have some name id. The main things they knew about Whitmer was the kidnapping plot that did a lot for her with swing voters. People are like, that's cool. you know, she got, someone tried to kidnap her.


Newsom does come up. He's got more name ID than a lot of Democrats I think because he does like the Fox News hits. He did the debate. People know who he is and Pete people know Pete a little bit Oh. yeah. And then they immediately tell you that America would ever vote for a gay candidate. So that's like, the voters are so funny 'cause they all do armchair punditry when you start asking them about politics. And one of the things they're very clear on is they think that America is a deeply sexist, deeply racist, deeply homophobic place that will not elect these people. I happen to think that people are not nearly as racist, sexist, and homophobic as the other people's impressions of them are.


But you know, Yeah, I think the of the election of Trump probably did that for a lot of people. Right? Because people are like, how did this guy get elected? Yeah. So let's talk about their views of, of now democratic nominee Kamala Harris, not just Vice President Kamala Harris. A big question has been whether the online youthful enthusiasm for Kamala Harris is reaching beyond a very online audience. You talk to one group of Trump Biden swing voters that suggests maybe it is, let's listen. It seems like the younger generation, they are more likely to vote for Harris over Biden. That's just a vibe that I get based on what's being posted online and based on what's being shared on social media.


I just feel like it'll be like a breath of fresh air. I feel like it'll be like a new beginning instead of feeling like you're watching a rerun because Trump has already been in office. you know what I'm saying? So we already know how that went. She's Quick-witted. She's funny. She has a personality, obviously being a female, there are people out there that don't want to vote for a female president. I think those same people are ones that would not vote for Biden either. They sound like focus group podcast wilderness listeners talk about the punditry. They're just like di you know, diving into cross tabs. What other sort of positive things did you hear about Harris? I have to say, when I heard someone say Trump is like watching a rerun, I'm like, they should use that.


That's good. Yeah. Well when it's the never go back, we're not going back. Right? I mean I do think that's sort of implicit. I think, look, I'll just, this is a little bit of a side thing, but I'm pretty impressed with the out of the Gate Harris campaign. Yeah. I think that not going back is a good strong message for we don't want Trump again. And it's interesting actually because it is one of the things that Trump voters say when they wanna say how, like they're not going back to the other Republican party. But it is a deep psychological interest in moving forward, in living a life forward that I think they're tapping into that voters like. And obviously Trump is the backward looking, but the main thing is that when they say breath of fresh air and so they were super, that person was being very positive about comma.


And we are hearing positive things from in the focus groups. So like, let me just go back 'cause a lot of it is me comparing the focus groups from before to the focus groups we're doing now. Yeah. So like I was saying, there was a ton of backsliding. They were filled with double haters. People were mad about their choices and now you still get a little bit of backsliding, you still get a bunch of some people being like, well I think I'm gonna vote for Trump 'cause I've been unhappy about the economy or whatever. But they're also saying, but I'm open like, tell me more. Because they don't love Trump these ones. And so we're seeing much less backsliding now and we're also seeing people who are affirmatively excited and then we're seeing kind of a middle group that's like, tell me more.


I'm here to be interested. We do do head-to-head and the head-to-head where we basically are like elections tomorrow. I demand you vote for us. And I think in it's been like seven to one. Wow. And so that is much better than the sort of six to 3 4 4 that we were seeing a lot of in the sort of three weeks after the debate. We have a clip of some of the voters you talked to who are just expressed some of that concern and worry that the country would elect it's first black woman president. Let's listen. Obama's wife, I mean at least she did some things. I mean this is his wife and she at least she was visible And, I can't, I can't say anything.


I forgot that she was the vice president for a while. I. like I just know her well enough. The positive part is I assume her being a woman, she's going to be looking out for women's rights. She's gonna be throwing women under the bus trying to put us, you know, stuck at home cooking and cleaning. I dunno. Like, you know, talking about 2025 project. I'm like, oh man, that sounds like where that's headed. What's your take on how race and gender factor into the challenge she's facing with the voters she needs? And like how do you think she should handle that? So the theory of the case around electing Biden, of which, you know, I run Republican voters against Trump. And so I was very invested in All, right?


Who are the voters we need to move? Who's there with Biden? The reason that the blue Wall states were, we all felt like this is ultimately Getable is 'cause Biden was still doing well with old white people. Hmm. And in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and Nebraska too. There's a lot of old white people. That's the question. The question is like sort of college educated suburban white people. Kamala with a Kelly or a Shapiro or Ed Bashir, gimme any of them. Yeah. Many white boys. Summer White boys Summer. Yeah. Any of them fine. I think that it's these older folks who, a lot of them like they just don't like Trump because Trump, he tried a coup and that's not what they, they don't like the January 6th left.


They don't like that he's a jerk. you know, there's a section of them. I haven't dug in enough to know how much work you have to do to get those voters there. And if they're simply anti-Trump enough that they would say yes. 'cause those aren't the ones that are always like change. They're just more like someone normal. Yeah. you know, they're not the big change agents. In fact, change freaks them out a little bit. And so those are the voters I'm most worried about. Now that being said, I think that she's so far and those are the ones who are also like a lady president, a black lady president or like, and you don't say your pronouns to those old people. They do not, I don't think you should say your pronouns, period.


I do not think that is helpful. When you were trying to win an election, she should take her pronouns off of anything she's doing right now. I got that text from your colleague Tim Miller too. He is like, she's got the pronouns in the Twitter bio. Can we, what? What? What can we do about that? And I out. What Can we do about that I like, you know what, It's a democratic party. We're not doing anything out. Did somebody take them out? Oh no, they should take them out. I know these are the old people who think that, you know, their kids are peeing in litter boxes because they identify as cats in schools or something you gotta deal with with that. So anyway, I think, here's the thing though, I do think we overestimate how sexist and racist a lot of these voters are. Yeah. They can get excited. They will be much more concerned about the San Francisco progressive of it all than the black woman of it all.


Because if she shows them that she's tough, that she could prosecute a case against Donald Trump and that she's not coming for their fracking or their, and she might be, but you know, if she's not gonna leave the border wide open, like if she could sort of convince those people of that And I think that's obviously the tension for any Democrat who runs right now. But this is where I feel like she could have it. I feel like there's desperation of the democratic base to have her do well. Like people are pulling for her And I feel like she could get some latitude on a few policy issues. Maybe not Gaza but on maybe on some energy independence run on kitchen table issues, talk about the economy that she wants to be there for everybody.


Where Trump's there for himself. I think you could start to get there with those people. Well I totally agree. And I think she will have wide latitude. And I think she will have very few qualms about positioning herself that way. I do wonder about what she says with regard to some of the positions she has taken in the past, especially during the the 2020 primary where they all went a little, little nuts. There's a Dave McCormick, who's the Senate candidate in Pennsylvania, Republican senate candidate ran an ad about all the progressive positions she took. Trump did a similar riff in his rally this week. And he's starting to do ads about this. Let's listen, I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a green new deal abolish ice that a position you agree with.


And we need to probably think about starting from scratch. Outdated. It is wrong headed thinking to think that the only way you are gonna get communities to be safe is to put more police officers on the street. So for people out there who like their interns, what they don't get to keep it. Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. I'm opposed to any policy that would've denied any human being public health period. The more people get to know her, they're gonna be particularly impressed by her ability. We did it. We did it. Joe. Every one of those policy positions a dagger through my centrist loving heart. Look, I, I remember, and I'm a big lib, but I remember during the primary, when they got asked the question about decriminalizing border crossings and they all raised their hands.


And I was like, this is not a good position to take. No, this is no I do this is, I don't think this is what we want here to decriminalize illegal border crossings. But what do you think she can get away with here? Right? Like does she just like take a mulligan on everything she said in the 2020 campaign? Or does she say like, you know, I, let me tell you what I've done the last four years with Joe Biden, who's my partner and when I'm at, when I was actually in the White House and when we've been governing, this is how we've governed. you know, I don't, I don't know what she says. Here's what I would say. I would say, well first of all, just as a broad thought, I think that if JD Vance is allowed to go from calling Trump heroine for, you know, the masses and saying that trump's a sociopath in America's Hitler to being his vice president, I think people get to change their minds on some things.


That's one. Yeah. I think there's actually an easy way to deal with a lot of this. Say I've been vice president for the last three years and I've learned a lot doing that. I have seen what it means to govern not in California, but for this entire country. And you know what I did? Yeah. I sat there with Joe Biden as we passed a, a bipartisan infrastructure bill. I, yeah. I sat there as we passed, like, you know, the biggest climate change legislation, but also by the way, we're producing more energy than we ever have before. That's right. And, and on immigration, border crossings are now at their lowest level than they were when Donald Trump was last in office. And, you know what? I believe that we need secure borders. Like I do think she's gotta do some of that. And I will be, you know, if she can do that.


And this is where I think the party's gotta give her the latitude to do that. I, I believe that the American people, they can run that out a lot and it's gonna hurt her. And frankly they've gotta get up on TV as fast as humanly possible with the new rebrand of her. But the American people are like, I get learning and especially learning and and changing one's mind. They can do that. Yeah, that's, I I kind of have that same


suspicion. Don't just ride the index. Seek to outperform it with FELC. The fidelity enhanced large cap core ETF unlike passive ETFs, FELC is run by a team of experts to adapt to market conditions and pursue upside potential wherever it's hiding. And while you get the potential outperformance of an actively managed fund, you can still buy and sell it on your terms. Just like any other ETF discover FEC, the fidelity enhanced large cap core etf, part of Fidelity suite of active ETFs. Learn more at fidelity.com/flc. Before investing in any exchange traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact fidelity for prospectus and offering circular or if available. A summary prospectus containing this information, read it carefully. While active ETFs offer the potential to outperform an index, these products may more significantly trail an index as compared with passive ETFs. Fidelity Brokerage services LLC member N-Y-S-C-S-I-P-C,


The 24 Toyota Tacoma and Tundra both rank in the top 10 for resale value among all vehicles for 2024 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota truck and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year. That's Toyota resale value Visit buy a toyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers and every Wednesday on my show the deck, I dive into the coldest of cold cases. I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light. And that listener could be you listen to the deck now wherever you get your podcasts.


You mentioned them getting up on the air. If they do get up on the air, like they have a lot of choices here. Obviously they're gonna have to push back on some of these negative ads or at least do so on their own terms. What do you think voters would like to hear from her or know about her in this period where she's trying to define herself? Yeah, so I would say if I were running this campaign I would have her say a lot of nice things about America. Donald Trump right now says just garbage about America all the time. It's a dark place, it's a bad place. And, I think that people right now want a hopeful message. I think you could do a little bit of Obama here, but like very future oriented. But America is a great place because people are gonna try to paint her, I should have said this during the sort of, what do you hear about race and gender?


I'm not necessarily hearing this in the focus groups, but I know what Republicans are gonna do this DEI President stuff is real. It's gonna work with a certain kind of person. More on the grounds of like it's gonna tag into the, she didn't earn it, right? She just got this handed to her from Joe Biden. So I think that she has to show people a sense of like, I'm an American And. I love this country. Like this country gave me a lot. I am good with this country. you know, 'cause people, they're gonna try to paint her as something outside. This is why the Obama birth certificate was a thing, right? They will take anybody who is of color or any other difference and they will try to paint it as outside the mainstream in some way or outside in a way that people can't connect to.


And so she needs to connect to them on the things that they can feel happy and good about. Which is like, and Joe Biden was good at this. Joe Biden, even in his, in his speech saying goodbye last night. I had my quibbles with it. But the way he talks about America is the way I feel about America. And one of the reasons that I struggled, actually one of the reasons how I was a Republican is I felt like Democrats were down on America and they would say be negative about America, but now Trump's the one talking negatively about America. And so like I think she can own America if she tries like broad messaging. I mean, you know, the 21-year-old me listening to the Barack Obama's 2004 convention speech, my first impression of it was like, same, oh, a democrat who's talking about patriotism and loving America.


But it's not just like the airbrush patriotism of like I like the flag too. It's like literally my name is Brock Hussein Obama. My father was born in Kenya. But like somehow that's what this country's all about. That someone like me can be included here. you know, And I do think that that she's gonna have a moment, I think probably at the top of that convention speech where she reintroduces herself to the country where it's gonna be like very important that she does exactly what you're saying. Yeah. Well that's my play. That's my pitch. Yeah, no, I, I agree. So she has also has some big decisions to make around how she talks about Trump and how much she talks about Trump so far. She has a riff that compares her track record as a prosecutor with his track record as a criminal.


She talks about how Trump would bring chaos, fear, and hate. She talks about project 2025. Based on your conversations with voters, what messages about Trump do you think at this point have the potential to move voters? And how much should she make the election a referendum on Trump versus like, she's gotta do more work than Biden obviously to introduce herself, her views, her plans. So what I see her doing and what I hope she will do is help to introduce herself and define herself as she is defining Trump. Because a lot of what people have wanted, I don't always love this in people, but I do hear it from voters all the time, is they want a fighter. They want someone who is prosecuting a case against Trump and they want somebody tough.


And one of the reasons people often are down on women as candidates is that they don't think they're gonna be tough enough. They're worried about how they'll deal with world leaders and Donald Trump gets high marks for being decisive looking, you know, strong leadership. And that's because people are confusing sort of the strong man authoritarian stuff with leadership. But I think that if she goes at him in a way that feels, and she's been doing this so far, so like you can see it when she's doing it right now, for example, I just saw a clip of her saying, I wanna debate. I'm ready to debate. He's trying to backpedal, let's debate, let's do it anytime, anywhere. Yes. Like that. Yeah. Right. It is about sort of showing, I am not scared of this man one bit, but there's a grievance victim thing and like the out to get Trump thing, there's a way where you can sort of tip into what people tag as like kind of Trump derangement syndrome.


Yeah. and you get there by talking about Trump too much. Right? So this is, this is the point you were just making where she has got to find a way to be prosecuting a case against Trump, but not always on just behavior. He's immoral or democracy. It also has to be on And. I just saw something to this effect, right? The not looking back how he mishandled covid and drove the economy into the ditch. How he doesn't care about middle class people. Like how he does tax cuts for the rich. Like you can't just prosecute the case on sort of democracy and he's a bad guy. You have to tie it into policies that she can contrast with. Yeah. She can't look like another one of those prosecutors that's just out to get Donald Trump.


That's right. For whatever reason. Because that's right, you're right. That's like a, a residency thing that she could tip into if she's not careful. Alvin Bragg and Leticia James And, you Know, like Jack Smith that Yeah, Yeah, that's right. And she made this pivot in the first speech where she did the comparing the records and she goes, but this is so about so much more than me and Donald Trump. Yes, yes. you know, she's gotta keep making that pivot to people. I think That's right. And she's doing it well. How are the voters you've talked to in the last week feeling about Trump? Did they, did you detect any newfound admiration for him after the assassination attempts? No. Wow. This was, this was so in the swing voters again, so I'm talking about swing voters, it's actually been pretty bad for him. A lot of conspiracies.


Oh God, They think so little of him that there's a lot of like, I don't know about this seems like it could be staged. There's been a fair amount of that to the point where I'm like, All. right. Settle down. Everybody Swing voters too. Yeah. These are not like hardcore, you know, Dems or anything, but because they think Trump sucks and so they think like he would and he's a show person and a liar and none of them, like a lot of it we asked and introduced the idea that you were hearing from a lot of sort of cable news and you know, do you think that this will change Trump? And everyone was like, no. you know, like there was no sense from the voters. I was watching Fox News last night during his speech and so I was watching Laura Ingram And, you know, I think for Fox News Watchers, they will continue to treat Trump as a martyr, but that is not coming through with swing voters.


When swing voters talk about Trump, they dislike him intensely. Some of them are willing to vote for him based on things like the economy or the fact that he says he is gonna do something about the border. It is not because they like him or they feel good about him really in any way. And that's why getting a credible alternative is so important that they can just get there on Project 2025. She's been talking about it a lot. Is it coming up organically in the focus groups and what do people say about it? Yeah, so it went from a thing that never, I think nobody ever said to like post debate when suddenly for the first time, there was like even before, because people were mad about Joe Biden seemingly being pushed out.


There was a lot of like, why aren't you talking about Project 2025? And so a lot of people were like, Hmm, what's Project 2025? And it went from never being mentioned to it comes up in absolutely every group now. Wow. I would say their ability to drill down into it and know what something is in it is pretty one. The moderator said to one woman who was like, if you, there's really scary this project 2025. And she was like, well what specifically scares you about it? And the Yeah, well, you know, it's, and finally came up with it, it wants to eliminate gay marriage, which I don't know that eliminating gay marriage is in there. It does do a lot of traditional family stuff. But yeah. Anyway, the point is, is it's become this ke it's like woke, it's like woke.


It's just like a catchall boogeyman for people. And so I think that there's a tremendous amount of opportunity though because the 900 page project 2025 is batshit crazy. Yeah. And there is so much that you can plot. And I would not do not do what Democrats do where they build an enormous PowerPoint presentation on it. Like find the five things that women are really gonna care about. 'cause there's a lot of stuff about like women eliminating childcare, things like, you know, find a series of things in there that women would care about that, you know, different things and like drive those things home for people. I, I do think you have to sort of teach more about it, but I'll tell you, Democrats have been given a gift on messaging where organically people have decided that they care about this and they're telling other people to care about this and that.


It's scary. Well, that's good news. Yeah, that's good news that it's breaking through. Yeah. Not schedule F Please don't talk about Schedule F though, because that piece of it is like, everybody's like, well, a president just gets to put in the people that they want. Nobody thinks that's a bad part. Well, and she's done a great job of already sort of hitting the economic components of Yes. Project 2025. So she's not making it about just schedule F. Anything else that we should know from these post handoff groups? You know, I would say, this is going back to the very beginning of our conversation, but you know, there, there is some residual, because I said the focus groups, the real people are moving less quickly than the people online are.


Mm. Right? And so I think there's still a, a week or so before they maybe hit some of the same excitement level, there is some frustration with the fact that Biden didn't step down a lot earlier. Mm. That people feel like we're in this position now because he shouldn't have run again. And someone should have taken the keys a lot sooner. And I think that there's a little bit of bitterness. This is especially in within swing voters, right? I think there's a little bit of bitterness that it's sort of like has played out the way that it has. And so I think when Kamala Harris says, I'm gonna earn this, I mean, and, and sometimes I was like, Ooh, I sort of wish Cory Bush could have done a little, little mini primary against her. Just yeah, Jon Lovett would understand this, but sometimes you need a fire making challenge right.


To, to get to the end. You gotta have a fire making challenge to show you've earned it. I thought On the other, other side, she was gonna have it from like a Joe Manchin for a second. There's Yeah, that's right. That would've been bad. That would've not been good. Manchin stand down. And so I do think that her maybe acknowledging at some point sort of how this happened and making, being a little bit like talking about what she's learned and how passionate she's gotten about wanting to help people. I think she's gonna have to do some of that to bring some of these people around who feel like when you, the DEI stuff is about not earning things. Mm. And so you don't want that to take hold too much. And so I think some acknowledgement of that is good, but man, no, she should be, she should go hard on immigration.


Not hard, but I think that she should sound a little hawkish. I think it's funny because they're crabbing her when she was running to the left of everybody in the 2020 primary. But if you see stuff from actually before that, when know when she was a prosecutor, suddenly you're like, oh, hey look at the I I I'm like, oh this, this warms my heart listening to this. She's telling kids to get their butts back in school. you know, she's being tough. I love that stuff. I mean it's also like there's an Obama error immigration message that is both like, this is a wonderful country because we welcome people from all over the world and we should give a pathway to people who are here working hard and wanna become citizens. And also this is a nation of laws and we should make sure that the border is secure.


That's right. And we should be tough on that. That's right. Like there's just, it's simple and it's there and it's very popular and it has been for some time And I and actually, sorry, let me, let me throw one last thing at you. So if there's one thing voters can sniff out, it's like the phoniness And I think where she has struggled in the past and the reason they've been able to brand her in certain ways is that she has either, when she was running for president in 2020, I don't think that far left stuff was her And I. Don't think when you're the vice president and you have to hold somebody else's reputation, somebody else's policies as your own, that can be uncomfortable. Right. It's hard not to argue as yourself, but to argue as somebody else. It makes you have to calculate a lot more, calibrate a lot more. And my hope, And I think even my expectation is that her being allowed to be authentically herself as she runs this campaign could be one of the best things for her.


Not just because I think she'll be slightly more moderate on policy, but because I think that they won't be able to, I think she will look like a different person to them in her authentic skin, in her authentic like way of being, getting to define these policies for herself. That's what I'm seeing from her so far. And I'll tell you what, man, nothing with these voters, all of them beats authenticity. Yep. And I, I totally agree with this. I think she does know who she is. And I even think that some of now the clips that are, you know, going viral on the internet of her, like laughing and having a good time in the coconut tree stuff that's different than her in the 2020 Primary who seemed someone like, she was always worried about what position she was taking the laugh and everything else.


That's like her being like, you know what, I'm a little goofy, but I know who I am. I feel good about who I am and now this is just who I'm gonna be right now. Like she, she's sort of like sort of calmed down the last year and just like sort of found herself a little bit And I think so, I think it puts her in a good position to do exactly what you just said. Sarah Longwell Thank you as always, I know you're, you're busy conducting so many focus groups, so we appreciate you coming back on the wilderness and we'll talk to you again soon. Thanks So much for having me. That's our show. We'll be back in two weeks with more on what voters are saying about Kamala Harris, Donald Trump, and the 2024 election.


The Wilderness is a production of Crooked Media. It's written and hosted by me. John Favre, our senior producer and editor is Andrea B. Scott Austin Fisher is our producer. And Ferris Safari is our associate producer sound designed by VAs OUIs. Music by Marty Fowler, Charlotte Landis, and Jordan Cantor sound engineered. The show. Thanks to Katie Long, Reid Hurlin, Matt Degra and Madeline Inger. For production support to our video team, Rachel Eski, Joseph dtra, Chris Russell, Molly LaBelle, and David Toles who filmed and edited the show. If the wilderness has inspired you to get involved, head on over to vote Save America dot com slash 2024 to sign up and find a volunteer shift near you.


Don't just ride the index, seek to outperform it with FELC. The fidelity enhanced large cap core ETF. Unlike passive ETFs, FELC is run by a team of experts to adapt to market conditions and pursue upside potential wherever it's hiding. And while you get the potential outperformance of an actively managed fund, you can still buy and sell it on your terms. Just like any other ETF, discover FELC, the Fidelity enhanced large cap core ETF, part of Fidelity, suite of active ETFs. Learn more at fidelity.com/flc. Before investing in any exchange traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact fidelity for prospectus and offering circular or if available. A summary prospectus containing this information, read it carefully. While active ETFs offer the potential to outperform an index, these products may more significantly trail an index as compared with passive ETFs. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC member N-Y-S-C-S-I-P-C,


The 24 Toyota Tacoma and Tundra both rank in the top 10 for resale value among all vehicles for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So choose a Toyota truck and get the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value year after year. That's Toyota resale value. Visit buy a toyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.