
Hey everyone. We're out for the holiday break. What you're about to hear is an episode from one of our friends of the pod subscriber shows subscribers get shows like this, ad free Positive America, and much more subscribing to friends of the pod is the best way to directly support Crooked Media as we build a counterweight to the right-wing media machine. Right now is your last chance to get 25% off new annual subscriptions. Just head to crooked.com/friends or subscribe directly through the Pod Save America Feed on Apple Podcasts. So enjoy this episode and please consider signing up. Welcome back to Inside 2024. I'm Alyssa Masteron. And I'm Dan Pfeiffer Buddy. Is it still inside 2024?


What are we gonna call it in 2025? Are we allowed inside again? Maybe just outside? Yes, outside the country. 2025. Outside The country. 25. Wait, before we get started, I have to, I have to give you a little fun fact. Oh, please. Do you realize as we sit here and record today, we are older than Barack Obama was when he became president. Well, gee, thanks Alyssa. That's great. That's exactly what I needed during the holiday season. Yes, I'm, I'm aware of that. At least we're the same age. I'm doing it to myself too. Do You know what, what be between us? We host like five podcasts. How many podcasts did Barack Obama host when he became and when he was 47? Zero? None. So, okay, so we're thriving. So He's ahead of us in some ways and we're ahead of him in other ways. It's fine.


Well, but it, it's December. We're winding down for the holidays in theory and it's time to rest and recharge. But alas, we are knee deep in a presidential transition period straight out of the upside down world. So Dan, we're too old vets of the process. Caroline wrote that we both served on the transition committee in the Obama years. So we have some valuable insight to impart on this very abnormal moment. So today we're talking about just that also here to moderate this conversation. Definitely not an old vet of anything. Is producer Caroline Restin? Did She write that too? No, I wrote that. Okay, I didn't see that you wrote that. I mean, I've been here six years. I'm like an old vet When I barn, I tinker with the outline. I tinker with the outline.


Also, I just wanna point out that Obama Post being a president gone into podcasting. So he kind of is following in your footsteps. You Can shut up now That that's exactly how he sees it too. No, I mean he did. So you were both part of the Obama Transition Committee. What does that mean? What were your roles? What did you do? Tell me all about it. I was the communications director for the transition, which meant that during the campaign itself, I had sort of a second like half job, which was to begin thinking about how we staffed the transition, what kind of resources we would have, how we would think about communicating with the public after we won, which was a terrible job. I hated even spending, I was so superstitious.


I hate sp spending any moments thinking about what would happen if Barack Obama would win when he had not yet won. And once the election was over and Obama became the president-elect, I went to Washington a couple days after the election and was in charge of sort of the messaging, the transition, which really counted to both res, helping coordinate how we responded to reporter questions about what the president-elect was gonna do. And mostly rolling out all of his nominees, the cabinet secretaries, the new White House staff, the people who are gonna serve on the Federal Reserve board, that sort of stuff. Like how we rolled them out, what kind of press events we did, what we said about 'em, how we responded to attacks on them. And so it was sort of just like a, it was go, it was sort of just very, it was very similar to my communication structure job on the campaign, but focused on what the administration would look like when we, he actually took office in two months.


So I actually, I was on the transition. The transition for us was split between Chicago and Washington DC and so Barack Obama then President-elect Obama and Michelle and the girls, they were staying in Chicago until the holidays because girls were still in school. So I was split between Chicago and DC and I with Pfeiffer worked on, this is actually, here's one of our funniest transition stories. So like Pfeiffer said, we did a lot of the, we did a lot of the coordination around the cabinet Secretary rollouts. They did not happen on Twitter as they do this time around. We actually had events where everyone would fly in and stand with the president for the most part and and be announced and he would've met with them and he'd come out and be like, I just met with my economic team and here's who they are.


But one time things moved so fast and furious on the transition that one of my deputies, Lizzie called Stephen Chu, who was gonna be Secretary of Energy to coordinate his travel. And when she called him he goes, I guess I got the job. So we had, it is, it is fast and furious, but yes. So I oversaw everything that the president elect was doing both in DC Chicago when he traveled. And then also Pfeiffer and I were both, even though they're separate entities, there was the inaugural committee. And we both had a lot of visibility into that too. Because you can't have an inauguration that's off message or poorly organized. I mean, I feel like you can't now.


I mean, I guess So. Yeah, we thought there's a lot of things we thought you couldn't do that you Absolutely, we held ourselves to a high standard. Yes. You know, I love that the way we used to announce cabinet picks was like a debutante ball and not just like on Twitter. I mean, people really don't understand how few resources there are on a, a transition committee like Pfeiffer was in DC so I'm not sure if he saw the same level of it, but where I was, because President Obama was there most of the time. We had Secretary Clinton, then Senator Clinton was coming to see President Obama and he's like, can we get her some juice or something? And it required going to Bed Bath and Beyond to buy a pitcher and then go to the Whole Foods to buy the apple juice.


And then one of us had to take the pitcher home at night and wash it. And when he started, it was Peter or Z's birthday who was gonna be our director of OMB. He's like, we should make him a cake. Which meant one of us made him a cake. So those were very different times when John McCain was coming to see President Obama after the election, he flew out to Chicago. There was no car service to pick him up. There was a nice guy named Ted CTO who picked him up McDonald's on the way so he could eat. That is, it's, it's rough and tumble. It is not a fancy, it is not the, the taxpayers are getting their money's worth through that process. Wow. That's, that's kind of sad. Well That's an important difference, right? Is that we, you there is taxpayer money allocated for transitions.


We used that money and so essentially we all became government employees the day after the election. And therefore we had a whole bunch of rules we had to follow. Like what you could spend money on, what you can't spend money on. And Trump is not doing that. He is funding his transition through private mostly secret money. And so they can do lots of things we could not do. And we had, they have, we had to follow a bunch of rules that they don't have to follow. Including ethics requirements. Yes. Oh, all right. It's basically you in exchange for the taxpayer funds, you follow government rules. If you don't take the taxpayer funds, you don't have to follow those Rules. Work smarter or not harder. I mean if we could have announced those cabinet picks on Twitter, we probably should have, It would've been so much easier.


So you're talking about how previously before even winning the election, you are already prepping even though you feel like it's bad juju. Okay, you won. What is happening the next day? It is Hell on earth. It's horrible, Horrible. Howard Wolfson who worked failure Clinton described presidential campaigns as a pie eating contest where the prize is more pie. And that's exactly what it's right. Whereas you, we won, we had a victory celebration late into the night and then several of us, oh myself and Alyssa included, had to come to the office at like 9:00 AM the morning after the election to meet with our new boss Rah Emanuel. It was like eight, it was like 7:38 AM Yeah, it was just, and then you're just like, you're working for the people who were going to work on the transition.


You went like, and which includes basically the sort of the senior staff of the campaign. You went right to work on your new job. There was no break and I'd never been The best side of your life to the worst. Yeah. It's a truly a terrible morning and and it just pure chaos. But the other thing that's really hard about it is that like for example, Pfeiffer and I had worked together at that point, like side by side for two full years. And now there are just all these new people flooding in and as Pfeiffer will attest, I don't like you until I like you. So that was a very hard time for me. Yeah, it is. That's an important point. Which, which is as like some of us on the campaign would dip in and outta the transition because we were gonna take jobs on the transition if we won.


But separate from the campaign, there is an entire operation run by other people, staffed by people we don't know working out of an office in DC who are putting together binders of staff names and cabinet secretaries and doing research on them and think like thinking about what executive orders you would do in the first a hundred days. Just like an entire policy brain trust that we never spoke with, never saw. And then the day after the election you're like, meet your new colleagues. And I was like, no. Yeah. Alyssa was like, no, I think what you guys are talking about is something I actually didn't know existed, which is the Presidential Transition Act of 1963, which requires GSA to provide office space administrative support to the president-elect.


So looking at like the Biden administration right now, like when does the new president-elect start to get looped in? Like how does that whole like literal transition process start and like how does that work? When is Trump get clue in to what's going on after They become the nominee if they want? Oh wow. Right. So so after you become the nominee, you're officially the nominee which happens after the convention. Yep. Then you now get access to this government transition funding, which most people Biden Trump last time the we did. They take, they take advantage of it. So they o they open an office that is run by the General Services Administration, which is sort of the government administrative arm.


And you hire a bunch of staff, they get a bunch of volunteer policy people, they all start working and then periodically during the campaign, the candidate and hopefully president-elect will get briefed on here's the names we're thinking about if you win 'cause you're gonna have to move quickly. And so they kind of will be like, yes, yes, no, no, ask me about this again if we win sort of stuff. And then same for, for some staff like us who would be like, these are the things you have to be thinking about. We're gonna have to hire these people to work on the transition. Are you okay with these people? How should we staff it? How many jobs should we hold open for people who are currently on the campaign to work on the transition and into until the, until January 20th on inauguration day Day.


Are nominees being told that like the Syrian regime is on the brink, like top national security information while when they're the nominee? Yes. They, you start getting classified briefing. You have, you can start getting classified briefings as the nominee from the CIA base essentially a a, let's, correct me if I'm wrong here, but it's like a dumbed down version of the presidential deal breach P db. Yeah. So what happens, and I learned this more, I sort of was clued into this more in 2012 when as deputy chief of staff, I actually ran the internal sort of transition process. So we were sitting in the White House, but I still had to reach out to the Romney team onboard them.


There was a, there's a small handful of people around. So there were small PE number of people around Mitt Romney who were submitted for security clearance so that they could be with MIT Romney if and when he received any of these briefings. And you just get them all, you get them all briefed up. So it's, it's the, it's the nominee plus I'd say a small handful of people who all have access to a sort of maybe slightly diluted presidential daily brief. But you know, when we were the nominee and headed into the financial crisis, the Bush team was actually really good about looping in Obama and McCain on everything that they were thinking and talking about in the days leading up to the election around the financial crisis In 2009, the Obama administration was coming into a huge recession.


And I know we talked a little bit, you were just talking about how the outgoing administration has to loop in the incoming administration. But when something like a huge economic crisis is happening, what does that look like? I imagine you need to hit the ground running. What are the things you're doing day one when you're the nominee on something like that? Are the Bush folks like nice to you? Extremely, extremely. The bush, I don't think that we could have been any luckier in our transition than how the Bush folks handled it. And they had told me in some of my transition meetings that in some ways it was kind of informed by how they came into office in 2000, which was different and a little contentious and you know, maybe not the jolliest of transitions after, you know, the Supreme Court decided the election.


But I found, and, and I'll let Pfeiffer speak to the financial crisis because to just show how sort of organized or whatever the Obama campaign was, the economy was not my bag. And so I did not pick it up. I had to watch the movie too big to fail to totally understand the financial crisis. So Pfeiffer would have a better, a better sense of that. Yeah, I mean Alyssa's right, the Bush people took real pride in having a real transition. And, and she's right. Bush's transition was not great for a couple reasons, but mainly he didn't get to start doing the transition for 37 days after the election because of the recount in Florida. And then there, there are some reports, some of which have turned to be apocryphal about some tension between the Clinton folks and the Bush folks after the election.


But Bush did take real pride in and it's, and they were very help. Everything we asked for, they were very helpful. They all, everyone who was whose job we were about to take, spent plenty of time with us meeting with us and talking about how to do the job. So we hit the ground running. But it was especially important because we're existing in the middle of this financial crisis. And it's important to understand that George Bush was basically, had been a lame duck president for about a year and a half at that point. Like fully lame duck. He, his approval rating was sub 30. He didn't really have the juice to get anything done. He'd kind of, because he was such a political albatross around the, the Republican nominees campaign, he basically had been, did disappeared. So not, not dissimilar for how Biden had been sort of absent throughout this whole campaign because him being in public was not seen by the nominee as helpful.


So Obama sort of had to become president and for if, for all intents and purposes on day one as president-elect, 'cause Bush wanted to pass a bunch of legislation to respond to the financial crisis. And he could not do it on his own. He did not have the juice to do it. So Obama had to take a real role in lobbying members of both parties to, to vote for bills. He had to begin writing legislation so that he could submit, he could release his economic stimulus bill before the, he even took office. And so we were, that was one of the hard ways of our transition was we were having to do a normal transition to prepare for all the normal things you would do and hire all the right people and have your first week of events and be president at the same time during an, an absolute crisis with no margin of error.


Because of who, because of the history making nature of Obama's election, because of his relative inexperience, Washington inexperience like you, if you one fuck up and it could damage his presidency for a year. You Can describe the transition most succinctly, I think as just when the chickens come home to roost. Yeah. Like just across the board, You're so, you're so much more stressed 'cause you're, by the time we met the campaign was incredibly stressful, but we've been on it for two years and it's what we did, right? Like we were campaign people, we knew how to do it. And now you have a totally different job. The stakes are much higher. You're navigating different, like a different culture, a different set of objectives with a bunch of people you've never met before. Like Right, we had the most closely knit campaign. There was a, there was maybe 10 to 12 people who had worked together for two years.


We loved each other. We made all decisions together. We trusted Obama. Obama trusted us. And all of a sudden you have all these new people, which we needed them. Right. They had experience we Didn't have, we needed them. But it was hard. I remember my first day of the transition, I walk in, I'd been the communications tructure on the campaign. I'd been there on day one with Alyssa and Fabs and Tommy and we had just won this presidential election. I walk in the transition and my name's not on the list. I can't even get in the building. And all these people I who, whose names I only knew because they worked for people who ran against Barack Obama in the primary, just buzzing through with their IDs as I'm standing there waiting for someone to come get me like the kid, it just, this so demoralizing. When I say the chickens come home to a roost, it's everything.


It is like Pfeiffer and I were the heads of our departments on the campaign, which meant that, you know, for me, I probably had a hundred and some full-time employees. I had 500 part-time employees. Every single one wants a job. But meanwhile we're like, well, do we even have jobs yet? Yeah, yeah. 'cause like there's a lot of faith, you know, you're like, oh, I'm just gonna start on the transition. But you haven't been given your job in the White House yet. And so you're a little bit on, you know, pins and needles. And to five's point, you know, we had this thing on the campaign called the block schedule, which is like the Bible. It's everything Barack Obama's gonna do. And I was in the transition office and this woman who, I'm gonna say her name 'cause I love her today, but at the time I almost had a stroke.


Mona Sutfin, who was deputy chief of staff for policy goes rolling through with the block schedule and it's all marked up with her handwriting. And she's like, Rahm wanted me to take a whack at the first a hundred days. I was like a hundred days of what? That is my job. Gimme my schedule back. It was, and the thing is, the thing that was so hard for me is that Pfeiffer and I were not in the same office. So I couldn't go in his office, close the door and be like, buddy, you're not gonna believe what happened. I had to like secretly call him from the bathroom in the Chicago transition. Does anyone give you a tour or do you just kind of like waltz in figure out? You just walk out. You just walk in, you waltz in, it's like a Yeah, make no mistake. It's sort of prison-like. Yes. Like if, think about the DMV, that's kind of what it's like. So in 2020 when Biden was president Elect Trump and his administration famously stonewalled the transition.


What does that even mean? What, what are the stakes for stonewalling an incoming presidency and what literally are they doing to stop the transfer of information? You Know, historically vetting is part of the transition. It is, you know, you need your papers, you need to submit them, they need to be vetted by the FBI and other people you're learning. I mean the, the one thing that Biden had a leg up on is that he and several of his closest advisors had been in the White House for eight years as vice president. So a lot of the things that we kind of suffered from or would've suffered from in 2008 and oh nine, had we not been given the access that we got weren't as catastrophic for him.


But they still, they still just slow everything down. In a, in a, in a world where you still only have what, like 60 days buddy? Like ish to transition. Yeah. Give or take. I mean here's 75, Here's where it matters. Right? In a normal transition, immediately after the election, the president-elect and the incumbent president signed a me memorandum of understanding. Yeah. And then teams go into all the individual agencies and they look at the org chart, they look at the policy that's happening, they understand the budget so they can begin to make decisions about staffing and policy happening on day one. This is most important on national security because there are a whole set of things happening, intelligence operations happening that are ongoing.


And don't just, they don't stop because on January 20th, because a new president's coming in, like they have, you have to know what is happening and be able to jump in on day one. Like, and like to know what ongoing threats to the country are that, that you have to be prepared for. And none of that stuff got to happen in the, for the Biden Trump transition because Trump was trying to steal the election up through January sixth. And there probably, as Alyssa points out, if there was ever any incoming administration that could best navigate that, it would've, it was the Biden administration because of his experience. And it was, and he was coming back only four years after leaving. So government had changed, but not so much that it was like impossible to fathom.


So they were able to come back further. Everything was further complicated by Covid at that time. Mm. The fact that people weren't gonna be in work, that all their, the senior staff meetings in the white h monthly transition, the White House were happening in like from home, right? Or people in the same building but not in the same room. So they had a very com even if Trump had not been an insurrectionist asshole, they would've been a very complicated transition. So he made it much harder. So is Biden and his team just not getting information during that time? Basically, none. You know, I want to ask this question earlier, but I saw that Trump was at the reopening of Notre Dame in Paris and had a meeting with McCall, the president of France and the Ukrainian president Zelensky.


Is that normal for an incoming president to be meeting with other world leaders? And is Biden ever clued on what they're talking about because they had a closed door meeting. I don't know what mechanism would inform Biden of what they Talked about. I'm sure all of the, all the surveillance equipment of the Probably well the Chinese may have. Yeah, Yeah. See the Chinese, the Chinese may have, they're always with Us. They might have given him a little parting gift. Like here's a summary of the extra, the off-label conversation that they had. But no, in general, Caroline, most of the foreign relations leader to leader contact is pretty ceremonial I guess during the transition. And, and by by design because for nominees and presidents elect aren't supposed to be conducting foreign policy until they're president.


So when you come into office, almost every foreign leader on the planet calls up and wants to talk to you. And then you, with the help of 30 members of the National Security Council, figure out which order you reply to those calls in and how you set them. Because you don't wanna offend people. And there's a lot of, a lot of considerations that go into the, the order in which you return the calls. Who is Obama's first call? Feel like it's gotta be the Bri, it's gotta be the British. Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta be the UI would imagine it was the Uk, our former mommies. Yes. But thief thinks Caroline, but it should for the most part. It is usually kept to that, you know, phone call, look forward to working with you, see you on the backside, you know, onward.


This has been just a, such a, a unique situation. 'cause Trump was having some of these conversations during the campaign. Yeah. But Like Obama did, and like if we're being fair, Obama did go meet with world leaders as the candidate. We, we went on a foreign trip. We sat down with all these world leaders As a US senator. As a US senator. Yes. As a US senator. Yes. And the potential next president United States. But Trump, because he was a recent former president, was talking to people like Netanyahu during the campaign. And so this like, I know it is unusual that he is doing this. It is probably low on the list of outrages of the Trump transition so far. But it is definitely unusual. It's not super weird that he went to Notre Dame and saw Macron there.


Like that's not, it's not weird, But the closed dorm meeting that happened after is weird. It kind of depends on what what's said, but it it's like to what end? Right? Like what, what is the worst thing That's happening? He's also been president before, so I think that's maybe a little bit different. Like It wouldn't be unusual if Trump was not, it would, it is not unusual for a former president to travel to another country and meet with a sitting world leader. Like that is not, it's a good, That's a good point. I Would say that's like kind of the perk of being the president-elect. It's like, you know what? I'm gonna go to Greece and meet with the princess. Yeah. So looking now at President-elect and his transitional team, it is Helmed by Linda McMahon. I, by the way, I've been really loving looking at her old videos of getting like body slammed, nothing Like a half Nelson to scream.


I'm ready to serve. What should the Trump administration and their transition team be focusing on right now? I'm not convinced that they're not focus. They're like, they're doing this, a lot of the same things we were doing. They're rolling out nominees. They're doing it differently. They're definitely not vetting their nominees in advance. Yeah. That's something we spend a lot of time doing to make sure that we knew all of the thing, the problems before you put 'em out. And even when you do a great job of that, you will miss some. They are doing, they're basically picking people almost at random for some of these jobs, Shooting them outta t-shirt guns. And they, and they don't really seem to care about qualifications because they think they're gonna be able to get everyone through the Senate and they very well may be right. But they're like, there's definitely an operation that's happening that's thinking and drafting according to all the reporting executive orders.


They're gonna issue on day one what they're, they're working with the speaker of the house and the incoming majority leader of the Senate about what their legislative strategy is gonna be. Are they gonna do taxes first, border first, both at the same time. And so they're kind of doing those same things. They'll seem to be doing it super competently or super responsibly, but it's not like they're, they are doing the things that you're supposed to be doing. Just the outcomes seem quite dangerous and poorly thought out. Yeah, it's really interesting watching it from the difference from 2016. I feel like this, this time it's feeling much more like politics as usual.


Like it just seems more formal and like they have their shit together. Even though it's like math, it's like a small bandaid on chaos that's underneath. I think it's, I see I kind of dispute that because last time he really did pick people who we hated but were theoretically qualified for their jobs for the most part. Right? Right. Like he got HR McMaster to be the National security advisor. Rex Tillerson. Like I'm not picking the ex, the CEO of Exxon to do something. But that's a serious, that's a person with serious credentials, right? This time he's picking Matt Gaetz, tulsi ga. Like his picks are fucking bananas. That's, but what I think has happened is our, everyone's perspective eight years later about like how you do things has changed.


I remember right after the election, I was in DC and I went and saw Obama and Trump had just won. So, and we were talking, we were talking and he said that he had just met with his national security team. I think he had done a call to a world leader or something and he said, I guess we're gonna find out if all this prep work and briefing really matters or not. And it clearly does, right? It clearly does. But because of the, like the dumb fuckery that was so much of Trump's first term. But just like some of the formal ways in which we do it. Like if Obama in 2008 had just started announcing cabinet secretaries via email, which is how you would do it back then people would think that was insane. But like some of the, and some of it, it is fine that it's changed, but it's like our expectations for what is acceptable conduct from Donald Trump have been so lowered.


'cause we're comparing it to Trump of 16, not the previous. Right. 44 presidents. This is a great time for me to ask this question that I've been dying to talk to you both about RFK. I dunno if you guys saw this story. It was reported that there is a job application process that is asking some batshit questions. Let me give you one example. This is per the independent. One section asks applicants to pick three or more attitudes that suit them as such. Quote, I require excessive admiration or I quote, I don't have that much interest in having a sexual experience with another person.


Another was, I believe in many things. Others don't like having a sixth sense clairvoyance, telepathy. And as an adolescent I had bizarre fantasies or preoccupations. Is this normal? No. Are are these the job applications to work? No. For the administration. It is so wild. I had to read it many times. So I'm like, this can't be true. But it is, I have no recollection of what our job application was. We must have Had one. No we didn't. 'cause these are for the cabinet. Oh, these are people who are gonna be on in the cabinet. Yes, these are his applications. But I, I still don't think Kathleen Sebelius was digging into these kinds of thought starters. Yeah, it's, it's bananas. Okay. So that's not normal.


What is a typical question you are asked? No. No. Caroline, that's not normal. Well, I don't know. Okay. I've never worked for The government. It's fair, it's fair to ask. Well, we don't even know if there were questionnaires when we were in in office. They just kind of bet you We just got vetted. You know, you have, I mean I think people submit security forms, resumes, submit resumes. Yeah. For they like their open position. There was a website with open positions and people submitted resumes or you just submitted your resumes and then people sort of sorted those resumes. Yeah. To positions. Alright. Here's my last question for you guys before we wrap up. And this is honestly something I've been thinking throughout. Is there a petty part of you deep down inside that wishes the Biden administration was just like, fuck you, I'm not telling you anything.


I'm gonna stonewall this. Like, doing exactly what Trump did to Biden back in 2020. The risk you run by being the person who doesn't offer a productive transition is that if something bad happens, it can blow back on you. So I think that, you know, giving people the keys to the car is just generally the right thing to do. There is, there is some, there's some petty history here. George famously, I don't, I think it turned out when this was truly investigated, it wasn't true whether all these reports that when Bush came into the White House, George W. Bush came into the White House, that the Clinton people had removed Ws from the Keywords.


Yeah. I always thought, I always thought that was still true. I think there may have been one or two examples, but it turns out I think it, I think it afterwards we learned it was not, there was a lot of bullshit there. Unsurprisingly, I think the way to resist Trump is not to do something big and loud in the beginning. It's that the people who work in the government have to be very smart and quiet about how they do it and try to do what they can to protect the things that need protecting, delay the things that need, need to be delayed. But look, I am as petty as they come, right? I would be. So the fact that I'm gonna say this runs against type, but I think Trump is going, if Trump is going to blow up on his own, we don't wanna give him something easy to blame.


Like exactly like the Biden staff being petty or not to, we, like, let's give him every opportunity to succeed, which, and then when he fails, that's on him. As opposed to like an easy, let's not give him an easy scapegoat. So I, the Biden administration is doing what they can to do the transition the right way. And I think they should absolutely do that. That's the right thing to do. Yes. From just a general like point of government's public service. But politically in the end, it's also the right thing to do. So because if and when, and it's more likely when than if Trump fails. Trump has a no one to blame but himself. Real quick, before we wrap the segment, just wanna let everybody including listeners know that the Ws were, in fact, according to a, b, C news, the springs under the Ws were removed off of keyboards in the Eisenhower executive office building.


Okay. But not in the West Wing. That's okay. This, if anyone, the Biden administration is listening to this, hide all the remotes, like that's a very innocuous, petty thing you can do Is hide Even better than, Even better. That's great. Switch 'em Yes. Yes. In The wrong room. So you think you have a remote, but you cannot figure out why it doesn't work perfectly. Exactly. Or, or take the phone. Nu like the little thing that says what? What? Like when we got into the White House, there's just a, right after the inauguration, there's a Post-it note with your name on the door and then a post-it note with your phone number on the phone switch all the Post-it notes. That's fun too. I love That. So like no one knows how to call anyone. Co-sign all of these Yes petty measures.


Thanks For listening. Alyssa and I stuck around to do a q and a from subscribers. So to hear that in much more, Subscribe to Friends of the Pod. Again, it's the best way to directly support Crooked Media as we build a counterweight to the right wing media machine. Go get that 25% off annual subscriptions now at crook.com/friends or through Apple Podcasts. Thanks again and we'll see you all next time. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends. Or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Canter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Writing support by Halle Keffer. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Andy Taft is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cone, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dtra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kellman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv, and David to.