
Anthropics Claude is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Claude is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team, cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how Claude can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


Today's presenting sponsor is simply Safe home security. We're In the final stretch election season often brings heightened activity and concerns about security As. we approach November. Simply SimpliSafe helps you stay safe amidst the political buzz. Simis safe's reliable home security system gives you one less thing to worry about ensuring that your home remains protected as you navigate the busy and sometimes stressful election period. Jon Lovett has a SimpliSafe Helix set It up. Himselfs had it for a long time. It's protected him. In pundit really well. Easy to set up, very affordable. With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them In their tracks. You're never locked into a long-term contract So. You can cancel any time. SimpliSafe has been named. Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system. In less than an hour or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system. Plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/crooked. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's No Safe, like simply safe


Welcome to this special episode of Pod Save America. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. This is the first of four bonus pods I'll be hosting on Sundays In the lead up to the election. These episodes will be focused on something that keeps us All up at night. polling, what's a good poll? What's a bad poll and how can you tell the difference? If you like these episodes, I highly Recommend, you sign up to get my subscriber show Polar Coaster by subscribing to Friends of the Pod at crooked.com/friends or through the Apple Podcast feed. It's where We dig really deep into polling. It's a Great way to support Crooked Media and we have a 25% off discount for annual subscriptions right now In. Today's episode I'll be talking with Kamala Harris, senior campaign advisor David plu about the state of the race the Harris campaign's targets In the last 30 days and how the electoral map is shaping up and Then with E'S research partner Carlos Oio, to discuss the latest with the potentially most consequential vote of the entire election.


The Latino vote. David Pluff and I worked on the Obama campaign together. He was Obama's campaign manager In 2008. He was senior advisor In the White House and when he left I took his old job. There is No one whose political instincts I Trust more So. Let's s get into it. Here's David Plouffe, Dan Pfeiffer. Always a privilege to talk politics with you. Okay. We are In the middle of a Quadrennial tradition. The it's October there is panic In the streets. Axios today says the blue wall is crumbling. The vibes were everywhere. Every anxious Democrat In Town is calling every political reporter In earshot to vet their concerns. Where do you see the race right now and how has it changed if at All In the last couple weeks?


Well, Dan I think from the time Kamala Harris became the nominee, we saw a lot of movement, you know, five, six points depending on the state. But what we've seen for the last few weeks and the data's consistent this week, is basically a tide race. In seven states and I don't think that's gonna change. So, you know, I think it's 47, 48 for each of us. I'd still rather be Kamala Harris and Donald Trump 'cause I think she's got a slightly higher ceiling. I think she's got a better ability to win more of the undecideds based on who They are and I think Donald Trump is much more reliant on first time and infrequent voters this time I think he's got a a fragile mathematical problem there.


So, you put All that together but, but the reality is, you know, Donald Trump barely won In 16 but won, barely lost In 20. He's a little stronger this time than he was last time. So, he's gonna get 48% of the vote. And so I know for All of us that wanna see Kamala Harris win, we wish there was an easy pathway. That pathway does not exist. This is basically gonna come down to, you know, history would suggest it's not gonna come down to several thousand votes and send seven states, but it's gonna come down to a very narrow margin. And so I think the question for people who've already done So much quite frankly is you know what else can be done? Because every ounce of effort spent by anybody sharing content, making calls, making another donation, traveling to a battleground state matters because this thing is gonna be decided on the margin.


so I think the freakout is because there were a bunch of polls, I'd say In the last month That showed a lead for Kamala Harris. That was not real. It's not what we were seeing. We've seen this thing basically be tied let's say since you know, mid-September So, this is the race we have. It's the race we expected I don't think it's gonna open up for either candidate I think it's gonna be close All the way In and I would just remind everybody, whether it's internal data or public data, you know, A-A-A-A-A poll That shows Donald Trump up 48 47 that Then shows us up. 48 47 is essentially the same thing. This thing's gonna be decided on the margins. In these few number of states. That's very validating 'cause that's like the core principle of this podcast is a poll that shows you up to and a poll that shows you down to shows the exact same thing, which is a very close winnable race.


Let's talk about the persuadable voter universe, the undecideds. How big is That universe and who are those voters? It's not That big, but you know it's probably of true undecided and, and let's be clear about That, that is people That. We certainly believe They are going to vote and They yet have not decided it between Harris and Trump. You know that's like 4% Then. You have a little bit of soft Trump support, soft Harris support that I'm sure both campaigns are spending time on Then. You've got people who might be deciding between Harris and third party or Trump and third party or whether to vote at All. So. You've gotta treat them All as a unit, right? You've gotta run a campaign to reach those undecided and hope more of them In a tide race if more of them fall to your side.


That's a huge deal and We think we can do that. And Then, you've got these other questions around, you know, turnout and third party. The third party number is gonna be pretty low but it's not gonna be zero So. You know, the question is In some of these states, you know, you might be able to win it at 49 but you might have to go closer to 49.5, 49.7 and In every state, it's a variety of people. This is not like there's one cohort. It's like All the most of the undecideds are suburban women between ages of 40 and 60. You've got young, you've got black, you've got white, you've got Brown, you've got non-College. College So it. You It.


From a campaign perspective it's challenging because you've got a bunch of different types of voters who receive information In a bunch of different types of way. That, we got reach and you want to be In their communities, you want to be In their social media feeds, you obviously wanna do advertising. Hopefully they'll see the candidate. We, as you have seen and have commented on We, Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are gonna go everywhere. There's an audience basically, you know, of people that we think will be decisive. In this election And you know I think In previous campaigns, sometimes you have a like a diverse group of people who make up your undecided universe but you have a commonality In persuasive messages, right? For us, In 2012, it didn't matter whether we were trying to get Latino voters or rural white col, white rural, non-college educated white voters.


It was the economic message is what brought them to the finish line for us. Do you have That here or is there, are we sort of In a more fragmented space? We have a slightly different approach to each of these groups. Well the economies at the top of the list of course and I think we made big progress on That from when the race started. In terms of people saying who do you trust to look after people like you? Who do you, who has economic plans that'll help people like me, we've In some places taken the lead on that and we're down double digits. So economy's huge and that's contrast. Trump's plan will raise taxes by $4,000. It'll blow up the deficit, it'll create inflation and of course it'll be targeted towards the wealthy So that's very important. Healthcare is important both from an economic lens 'cause voters as you know, look at it, you know, usually first and foremost through an economic lens and Then a healthcare lens.


So, you've got Trump gonna cost people a lot more money and also tens of millions of people lose coverage. Huge issue. Abortion's important to some of these voters, particularly on the turnout side. But there's also the character traits which is you know, who do you trust to be a strong leader? You know, who's stable? And again, I think we've made huge progress. In that regard. So, you know the ads we're running this week, not solely because we're running a lot of different ads to a lot of different people. You know have people who worked for Trump speaking about hun unstable he is and how unfit he is. And we also have a bunch of, you know, military leaders and Republicans saying that Kamala Harris has the strength and judgment to be commander In chief. That's important part of the message.


You know at the same time as you're driving economic tr contrast, healthcare contrast. And we're also at a point In you she does this In interviews, We still do It, you know In some of her ads. You know Trump is a hundred percent universally known. Now he's not. It's not a hundred percent universally known. The damage will due to the country then we got remind people of that. But you know, even things like Kamala Harris' biography, there are still some voters out there who will decide this election That aren't sure she was a prosecutor, you know that that don't understand what she did there. Don't understand her middle class upbringing. We've made a lot of progress there. so I think We filled, In a lot of that circle So, you know I, think That, it's a bunch of different things and with data you have a sense of what messages matter the most, but it's not. It's not just let's compare economic plans and values that is of course at the top of the pyramid.


But we've gotta do these other things too. And obviously they're taking wax at us So, we have to make sure we're defending our flank where We see damage being done When you were looking at at your internal polling right, you there are always certain character trait measures. That you want that you view or sort essentially correlated to victory, right? For us In, previous campaigns it's been fight for people like you, you know, working to increase ju you grow jobs or whatever it's, are there a couple of things In there that That you guys are looking at that you'd wanna share with us? That are That are you think are important to winning over That. Last group of persuadable voters. Well That economic question is core for us too. Fighting for people like you And is That fights for you as opposed to trust In. The economy Fights for you.


You know who will look after the middle class? Who will offer ideas and plans that will help you know, people like you and your family. So, All, those types of questions are important And In many battleground states we've actually taken a lead. Strong leaders always important In a presidential race. This is not a legislative race and and I think you always have to remember that it's strength people as they're making this decision. You don't imagine you during crisis. Imagine you behind the Oval Office desk and So. You know, that's certainly something we pay attention to some places where I think We entered the race with a big deficit on who's best on costs and inflation on immigration, on crime. We've seen Kamala Harris make huge progress In those areas, but we'd like to make some more So, you know, but, but, but that like look after you fights for people like you is huge and it's particularly important 'cause Trump's out there saying, Hey I had the best economy In the history of the world.


I'll just bring it back. Which of course is bullshit and not true. But you know when you remind people that everything he's gonna do is shower the tax cut for the wealthy, you're gonna pay for it. Middle class voter, you are gonna pay $4,000 more a year because he wants to talk tough on this tariff doesn't know what he's doing but you'll pay the price. You know, tens of millions of people lose healthcare coverage. That means everybody's gonna pay more. These things matter I. guess the other thing I'd make on the strong leader thing, there's a really important part of this for Trump and this is where your listeners can help share content ads, interviews where Trump seems unstable because the argument is listen, he's the oldest person ever to seek this office.


He's clearly not as stable as he was and he wasn't particularly stable back Then. He won't have anybody around him and stop him. Okay like Laura Loomer, Marjorie Taylor Greene, these are the people he listens to. Project 2025 gives him No guardrails. And you know, the goal here is sort of absolute and unchecked power and That scares voters. So, when we think about, you know, messages against Trump, there's economic messages for sure about how he's gonna screw working people and take care of the wealthy and hurt our overall economy. Like every economist who's looked at his plan says it will increase inflation, blow up the deficit and Ad cost to middle class people.


It's like a tr trifecta of terribleness healthcare and abortion clearly huge contrast. But this leadership thing about just imagine him basically unstable with No guardrails with unchecked power to not do anything to help you but to seek revenge is really, really important. Are We gonna see more of that In, your advertising I know you, most of the ads s today have been positive about Kamala or just or contrast on her bio, the economy and some immigration stuff. Yeah I know you have this Ad running with Olivia Troy and some former Trump people. That is related to sort of his response to That to the hurricane. Are we gonna see more of that sort of bro like go big picture contrast with Trump on instability, sort of the larger, you know 'cause you sort of the la some of the advertising and this is not a critique of It but is could be run against a normal Republican Trump's obviously not a normal what could, is there an effort to maybe raise the stakes down the stretch here?


Well I think, you know, some of our most effective ads have been on abortion, have been on women's healthcare, have been on healthcare generally the a C a we ran a really important Ad I think coming out the debate on That that tested really well and got Great response to It and that's unique to Trump. What's interesting of course is most Republicans aren't talking about ripping up the a C A, this is kind of unique to Trump and since he tried to do it 60 times, we can believe he'll do It again. You know, we've got an Ad on the air now with national security officials, you know, you know, talking about his former national security advisors, his defense secretary's warning that he's not fit to lead, that he's unstable So. That'll be part of the argument. I think what you have to do is We All have to raise the risk of a Trump second term. Some of that's policy risk, what he would do to the economy.


Some of that's on abortion nationwide. Abortion ban appointing more conservative Supreme Court justices ripping healthcare away from hundreds of millions of people, In this country. But it's also on this leadership and this character, So That It. It'll be part of the mix going forward for sure. When you and I used to work together, you, you used to describe a presidential race, a series of governors races, In, the battleground states. Is that still how you see it? Even though politics is much more national now there's not the, the local media is less important than It used to be. Trump clearly thinks it's national 'cause he is doing events at Coachella and Madison Square Garden. But how do you sort of see that interplay between a localized race and the national political trends?


Well sure there's No borders anymore or maybe never, but particularly now. But let, let's be clear, Trump's doing this one. He's a New York guy at heart and I'm sure he's always wanted to play the garden. Could be his last chance. I guess Yeah. I'm sure there'll be echoes to what the, the famous rally that was held there. In, the mid thirties. We we'll see but I think he's also starting to have pretty poor crowds. In these battleground states. Interesting. so I think the act is getting a little tired. In, these states So, he's going out. so I think, you know, the way we look at it is that's why you do national interviews. Whether it's, you know, call her Daddy or Stephen Colbert or other podcasts that we're gonna do. Those are not based In battleground states, They reach battleground states, I.


Think where it's a governor's race is your schedule has to be really smart. Your obviously operation organization has to be very intensive and Then local media, particularly local television still matters a Great deal. so I think, but it is particularly true around the operation and it's hard 'cause you know, you're not running In one state, you're a national campaign. And even though there's been racists historically where there was more battleground states, you know there's seven, it's a lot So, you, you've gotta make the doors, you're Knock kind of the, the ground game, the surrogate game, you know, you that All is still very state specific but it's a a presidential campaign as a blend of what happens nationally. 'cause voters tend to see big moments nationally and process them.


But also They wanna see you show up In their town and you know, talking to local reporters but more, more than anything else is to have people who represent your campaign In, the community Knock on doors being out there trying to, you know, convince people to vote. so I think definitely the national overlay that's always been the case. I think It has intensified with the way people get information. But I still think at the end of the day, listen, you know this, it's always humbling when you're a campaign professional, when you tell people how little the campaign matters, meaning a good campaign's not gonna turn a 54 or 46 loss into a win. It's impossible. But if you have the best campaign on the ground and you think you execute best against your goals, It can give you half a point or a point, which of course this race very well could come down to So.


That that's what you're doing All this for basically There's a lot of concern out there among folks about the possibility of another polling error where the polls are underestimating Trump support. I mean the public polls were way off In 2020. But even the Biden campaign polls were data was off In the sense that he was campaigning In, Ohio and Iowa at the very end there and those states ended up performing just like They did In 2016. How were you guys thinking about that? Have you adjusted sort of your modeling or your polling to try to ensure you don't have a similar situation this time, right? So, I'd say I I wasn't part of the campaign. In 20, neither were you, but I I think their data was much better than the public polls.


That's why They weren't going to Florida and Texas for instance, right? Because They didn't see a pathway even though public polls were suggesting That. It was essentially tied So. We spent a lot of time on this. I think what you, the lesson you'll learn. 'cause of course you know, republicans were, their strength was overrated. In 20 22 18 was probably a blend. so I think what you want to do is make sure That, you're being very conservative and I think we are so I. Don't think we're sitting here with internal data showing a, a really tight race where we'd rather be us than Trump and it's based on undercounting. Either his vote share amongst certain demographics or his turnout I.


Think we've All learned that lesson So. But I'd say a couple things. One is I. Think Kamala Harris may surprise at the end of the day with either straight up Republicans or independents or sensei Republicans. We're seeing continued strength there and That matters a Great deal given how big those cohorts are. So, you know, and, and we're being conservative there as well. We're not overstating our numbers internally, but I think you see the leading edge of things that could be quite positive. And Then again I think Trump is just incredibly reliant on voters who've either never voted before, haven't voted, In a long time, never voted Republican So. You know, that's a big challenge.


You know As, we look at the race, we We give him credit for doing a good job there because my view on Trump basically to break It down is, you know, if you think he's gonna get a hundred votes In a precinct, you probably just assume he gets 110 So. You can win a race where he over performs. so I really can't speak to the public polls. I spend very little time looking at them. I As I know you do, yes, I just don't. And most of 'em are horseshit, you know, some of them may be close, but generally I'd say any poll That shows Kamala Harris up four to five points. In one of these seven states ignore It. Any point that shows Donald Trump up like That, ignore It. This thing's very close. It's a margin of error race. But again, I'd rather be us than him because I think we have the ability to get to 49 and a half or 50 and much more confident about that than Donald Trump.


But it's gonna be close All the way In. so I think we're doing what We can to to be conservative In the data and obviously you know, We are a campaign that has a bunch of different sources of data. As, we did In the Obama days, you know, you have traditional polling where traditional pollsters or calling you know, six or 800 people, some of that's calling, some of that's online panels, but we're also doing the larger data sets, you know, where you have a larger amount of respondents and that's always good because not only do you have a little more confidence, In the overall numbers, but Then, you've got enough respondents. So, you can really look under the hood at different ethnicities, different age, you know, education to make sure That, we think All That makes sense but, but you know, listen, I I think I It may be that our internal data is exactly right but if if I were to hazard a guess I think it may be undercounting her strength amongst Republican leaning independents.


So We won't put that In the bank, but let's hope that's right. Are you guys projecting turnout at around 2020 levels and do you think the elect the electorate looks simpler? That's I guess that's sort of been the baseline everyone's using is 2020. We since 2020 was almost essentially a T race. You lose a point with one group from Biden's 2020 numbers Then you're losing. And if you gain a point Then, you're ahead. But obviously a lot changes In four years and this was a pretty tumultuous four years and we have a, obviously a very different candidate. In, Kamala Harris, how much is the electorate the same or different do you think from 2020 In terms of turnout and composition? Obviously you'll have, you know, more younger voters as a, as a, as a percentage of it, just as, as people age into the electorate and people age out of the electorate.


But I think that, you know, turnout is the hardest thing for any campaign to predict. So obviously you can, you've got historical data, you've got polling So, you're asking people whether they're gonna vote or not. You draw some conclusions based on that. We're beginning to get early vote data. In, who's requested ballots, who sent them back? In, you know, In, In, In, a lot of states. We 10, 12 days we'll have people voting In person early So be. That's really when you begin to get a sense of how many people who are first time voters are showing up In that early vote universe, how many of them you know didn't vote In? 20. How many of them are people who voted In 20 but not it 22. so I think right now our assumption is it's gonna be, you know, In the 2020 range.


Obviously In, the Biden Trump race I think the belief is it would've been a lot lower, maybe as lower as 140 million. This is a more interesting race to people I. Think That Kamala Harris has created a lot of energy on our side. The enthusiasm gap has obviously been eroded that Trump had In, In, In In 2024 1.0 campaign So. But As, we look at It obviously we're trying to make sure that what would it take to win if national turnouts 1 45, 1 51 55, 1 61 62. And again, the one thing that I think is pretty constant and I think most, most observers of this would agree sort of neutral observers, They, the they're, they're a handful that you could really trust to have smart both data and, and take on.


This is his sort of base of foundation is built on a rickety element, which is All of these people who don't have vote history, who may say In a poll, they're gonna vote. But as you and I know, that's the toughest thing to do. In politics is to get that cohort All the way through the funnel. You know, it's, it's weird hearing you and I have this conversation about Trump because this is the argument people made against Obama In oh eight. But the difference here is we and you In particular understood that and Then built a massive field operation to account for That challenge. And that's something That based on All the reports Trump has not done No. It's a very decentralized and listen, you know, We believe In empowering people, right?


So, if people wanna go and organize on their own, that's amazing. But It, I, I do think it's pretty light given where this race stands, which is he cannot win unless he does I think a pretty extraordinary job of turning out that cohort. Now we obviously have, maybe we're less reliant on that, but it's still incredibly important. Obviously we've got massive turnout needs and challenges In our base, you know, of, of every, you know, type of voter and, and gotta max that out So. But, but We like what we're seeing In, the early vote data So far, we particularly like what we're not seeing on the Trump data, which is there's not an army of kind of incel showing up In early votes In their voting history, So, you know, maybe they'll show up on election day, we'll see, but, but So far, there's not a leading edge that, that's something crazy is afoot there.


Last question for you, Harris campaign has, has pushed really hard for a debate. You accepted debates, you challenged him to debates last night. Trump said he was not doing a debate. He is also, as of the recording of this, not yet re accepted the C Nnn Town Hall. Just what's your reaction to his refusal to debate and how if at All this, it affects your campaign strategy going forward? Well, Dan I could spend three hours talking about what's going on here with the psychology. I mean I. Think what's clear is his campaign. Know what's happening. They knew what happened. In the first debate. They don't want him to debate again. I also think They see his rallies, which are like a disaster. And you know what's interesting to me is, you know, we've used some of his rally footage and ads will do more of That.


But when We do particularly qualitative research with swing voters or voters, That aren't sure if they're gonna vote a lot of this stuff. You know, They, see It, that's the world we live. In, right? Somebody shares some crazy thing. He said like by the way, the, the thing he said That, you know, Joe Biden became mentally impaired. Kamala Harris was born That way. A lot of voters saw It and a lot of voters didn't like it. You know, that speaks to the both lack of character and instability. so I I think his campaign sees how he's performing, you know, yes on the debate stage, but around that They wanna keep him off I think whether he generally believes he won the debate or not. it tend to think he's convinced himself. He did. There's gotta be In some, you know, the dark adult recesses of that brain, some kind of subconscious understanding.


That, he doesn't want to get humiliated again. So, I'm not even sure he'll do the C NN debate. He's rescheduled Univision for next week. Kamala Harris is doing It, we're talking on Thursday today from Nevada. We'll see. I wouldn't be surprised if he bails on that I mean he might just wanna stay basically In his safe space from now to the end. But we're gonna, you know, we're Conti you know, as you've seen, you've commented about this very smartly, like the world has changed. The way you reach voters, even from when we worked together has changed a lot. And you know, some of that's direct interaction, some of that's putting out content that maybe people who worked In politics, In the 1980s don't understand. But somebody's a 22-year-old likes and we'll share and we'll use it to get motivated.


So, we're gonna keep doing that. And you know, we've had an active week this week. They'll keep building on that just to reach these voters because there are, you know, people who generally know they're gonna vote They have a plan to vote, right? And people who've decided who to vote, you know, they're probably gonna vote earlier. You know, they're They have checked into the race for months. But this last group of people who aren't sure whether they're gonna vote or who they're gonna go vote for, you know, the delta between what They know about this race and positions and Kamala Harris and Donald Trump and Ru Electorate's pretty far, you know, They see stuff So. We wanna make sure That, we're In their feeds or we're In their podcasts or you know, we're advertising In smart ways.


So That at that moment where they be making a decision about whether to vote or who to vote for. We're putting our our best foot forward. And obviously the ground game's part of that as well. Trusted people from the community making the case is incredibly important. so I, you know, I, I, I. Think That. We're not gonna get the debate with Donald Trump. I. Don't think So That moment is not gonna be there. So We can bemoan That or We can just deal with It like adults and say Okay, what's Plan B And Plan B is I think to be everywhere we can In smart ways and, and make the case about who would be a better president for the next four years. 'cause that's really where voters are I mean. Bill Clinton famously said, elections are about the future and They are and I think we've got a decisive advantage on who do people think has best plans for the future.


By the way, who understands the future? Who would be a more stable leader on women's healthcare? Massive advantage on healthcare generally massive advantage on some of these economic questions around fighting for like you advantage So. We just gotta continue to press that case. But Democrats and, and those that are helping 'cause this is a big coalition. Democrats and independents, Republicans, people you and I used to square off with are, are In the tent now this is gonna be really close. I mean Donald Trump's gonna get 48% of the vote everywhere, maybe 48 and a half. We just gotta get more than That and I think we've got a plan and and an ability and a candidate to do That, but that's just the reality. I think we'd All like It to be easier than it is, but it's not going to be.


That's not the country we live In. It's very divided. And Trump obviously has some appeal That other Republican candidates don't have. He also has some weaknesses that we're exploiting. You know, I think particularly with suburban voters and suburban women. David Plouffe Great to talk to you. Good luck out there. It's gonna be a crazy few weeks and It was Great to hear what you had to say Here Go Sixers Pfeiffer, We're gonna take a quick break, but before That I've got ask if you're listen to this podcast, you're already supporting the work we do here at here at Crooked Media. So thank you for that. Crookeds mission has created an honest conversation about news politics in the world around us. Seven years ago, John, John and Tommy founded this company because after working in politics for years and years and years, they saw that there was something absolutely missing in political media.


There was not media that didn't just tell us what was happening but what we could do about it. And so no matter who wins in 2024, crooked is gonna remain committed to that mission. But we can't do it without your help. And to put it simply, building the show's initiatives that we envision for 2025 requires people time and resources. And the best way to support us is to sign up for an annual membership to our friends of the pod subscription service. It's the best way to support us As. we make shows and launch new projects. 'cause there's one thing this election has already told us is that the right wing media ecosystem has never been more powerful. Crooked exists to counterbalance the Fox News' and daily wires of the world. And here's some great news. There's never been a better time to support Crooked Media than right now. Friends of the Pods offering 25% off new annual memberships for a limited time through election day, the 25% discount on new annual subscriptions is an amazing deal.


But most importantly, your subscription powers the work we do in our shows and through Vote Save America. So please help us build a strong, sustainable, progressive independent media. Head to crooked.com/friends or the Apple Podcast feed to learn more.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Brook Linen with all the life that happens in your bedroom with pets, family, hobbies, me, time, date, night, et cetera. Lot of, lot, lot carried in that, et cetera. Am I right? Charm. Gimme a high five, huh? For et cetera. Oh, talking About sex, how does your bedroom reenergize you, John? Oh, the sheets. Oh, the sheets. Yes, they are comfortable. I love Brooklyn in sheets. Me too. I, I, I, you know that I've recently become a linen sheets person. I never was. I always thought that you can't do linen sheets. I thought I couldn't either. Thought I, Brooklyn either is changing that for you. I thought I wasn't a linen person and then I tried 'em. I was like, I'm not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. They have everything you need to style your dream bed with layers, textures, throws, blankets. Super high quality products have been tested and awarded by experts including Good Housekeeping, gq, wire Cutter and more. With over a hundred thousand five star reviews, Brooklyn's customizable bundles make it easy to refresh your bed and bathroom putting everything you need in one place. Brookline's value is the best even helping you save when you bundle. So refresh your space today with Brookline's Award-winning textures, layers, and home essentials. Visit in store or online@brooklinen.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. Get 15% off your first order and save extra when you bundle.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Therapy is great. It is John, It is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just that for those who've experienced major trauma, everyone can use therapy. Just great to talk to someone. I'm going to, I, I texted my therapist, I said I'm coming back after This election. Either Way, win or Lose. And she's like, who is this is this New number. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for No additional charge. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash PSA today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/psa.


Andros Claude is AI backed by uncompromising Integrity is run by responsible leadership who have an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity first. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team cloud can help you do your best work securely. Discover how cloud can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude or find Claude on Apple and Android app stores.


Carlos Oio is a co-founder of E EQU Research, a firm that specializes In tracking the Latino vote with new polling from the New York Times on Latino vote coming out this week. In Kamala Harris doing a Univision Town Hall this past Thursday. There's No one I wanted to talk to more about the state of Latino vote In Carlos, Carlos Oio Welcome back to the show. How you doing? Doing Great as well as one could given That where we are. In the election. Yes. You know early voting started to Arizona yesterday so I feel like I'm doing well relative to circumstances That I mean. That's really All you can ask for these days 'cause I've talked to a lot of people who are not doing great. So That is good. Every hopefully thoughtful conversation about the Latino vote must begin with the stipulation that the Latino vote is not a monolith.


It's incredibly diverse. People with different backgrounds, ideological preferences, different family histories, geographic diversity, et cetera. And So, we're gonna stipulate That for a second, but when you were on the wilderness with John Favreau a few months ago, which now I think feels like an eternity ago given we had a different candidate back Then, I'm pretty sure you said something that I thought was a good way to set the table for this conversation, which is Latinos are not a monolith but They are group. Can you maybe explain what that means? Absolutely. So, there are great divisions within the Latino electorate, In, Great part because you know the Latino community is really a political project. You know, when you are living In your own life, you tend to identify based on your own nationality.


You know, especially if you grow up a place that is very Latino like Los Angeles or parts of Texas or Miami like I did or In New York where you know I grew up saying, I'm Cuban and your friend would say, They were Colombian or They were Mexican or what have you. But the rest of Save America politics and society tends to put you In this one bucket and you learn quickly where you fit. It's kind of the Hi school cafeteria metaphor we use, which is you walk In and you say, well I don't sit at that table. I don't sit at That table I guess I sit with these kids and So. But there are great divisions that are based on country of origin based on geography, based on language that you speak. Some people have been In this country for 13 generations. Some are are immigrants or the children of immigrants and yet the movement We have seen In.


The Trump era cuts across All of those divisions because there is still a commonality In terms of how you are perceived In this country. And that's how you perceive yourself and your interests. In the context of an election And That movement when it cuts across is It cutting across on educational lines, ideological lines help us unpack that Excellent question because I do think there's a little bit of a square peg round hole or whichever way That goes happening here when It comes to education because education is such a meaningful cleavage among white voters, non-college, white College, white worlds apart, that people now try to apply it In the non-white context and to some extent It works but not for the reasons people think at least 70% of registered Latinos are non-college among the population overall it's something like 85%.


It is such a large chunk of the electorate That, it obscures anything that's happening underneath. The reality is if you don't have a college education, you're less likely to be partisan. You're less likely to be following politics or very aware of the ins and outs of politics. In a way that the swing voters live In, the non-college bucket. So, you would expect them to be the first to move. Whether that's about class or not is a separate question. Some part of it is about class, but it's It hurts the conversation. To oversimplify ideology In some ways is way more interesting because a lot of what we saw In 2020 was conservatives essentially going back to their or or for the first time to their true quote unquote political home.


You know where racial polarization comes into play is that you have Latinos black voters, a a p I, voters who identify as conservative but couldn't vote for Republicans, didn't feel like They belonged with the Republican party and were voting for Democrats because They thought Democrats were looking out better for their interests. That's still, by the way, the case to date, even after movement. And yet those were the first people to move were people whose ideology and vote choice had previously not matched, but now were moving toward Donald Trump. Were some of these folks were people who were identified as conservative but were voting for Democrats 'cause voting for a Republican was a bridge too far or were some of them people who were conservative identifying Latinos who simply weren't voting because They could not bring themselves to vote for a Republican?


Aha, that's the right question is both. You had some who were voting with Democrats. It was basically a socially unacceptable to vote for Republicans and So. Many of them did vote for especially In. The Obama years voted for Barack Obama, many voted for Hillary Clinton, but many others sat it out, couldn't vote for the Republican but couldn't also stomach voting for the Democrat either. And it's a lot of those who Trump appeals to and So, one of the big questions as far as where the Latino vote falls is whether some of the more Trumpian element among irregular voting Latino actually turns out for Donald Trump In, the way a white working class male Trump voter came out of the woodwork In a 16 or a 20, you know, You Shouldn say today still about 25% of conservative Latinos are still voting for, for Kamala Harris.


That's a big chunk. That said for Biden It was probably 35% of conservative Latinos and Then In past elections. It was higher than that. And So, we do see some of the erosion. And a big part of That is though the open question of who at the end of the day turns out or doesn't. That's where a lot of the dynamism is coming from. In this election, So Hillary Clinton did very well historically with Latinos. Donald Trump Then does incredibly well for a Republican. He makes gains over those four years. What have you found as to what he did over that four year period when I think the general sense was he had these cruel and racist immigration policies. He said horribly racist things identified with not said All.


These things that you would on paper at least suspect, would further polarize the Latino vote against him. But It worked In the exact opposite direction. So So help unpack That mystery for us. Yeah So So. And the way to understand this is you have Hillary Clinton gets per catalyst, 71% of the Latino vote In 2016 So. You have, you know, 71 29 you Then have this change to Biden where it's 62, 38, right So, Trump goes from 29 to 38%. Where we find ourselves today, if the election were today is that it would probably be closer to 60 40.


We're kind of hovering around 60 40. One of the big questions we can talk about is whether Trump crosses the 40% line or falls below it. That's kind of the, the game of inches that's getting played right now. But you know, to an earlier point you made All, we're gonna be debating right now, is essentially about somewhere between three and 8% of Latinos. Of course this is what you sign up for when you talk about elections. We're talking about a very small sliver of voters, but they're the ones who are most critical to election results. At the end of the day, They are also the ones among whom polling is least equipped to give us a very accurate read at any given point. But I wanted to contextualize That. We're talking about a small number of people at the end of the day, what Trump did, well So to speak between those years is you had a set of factors here.


The biggest was that the economy came to overwhelm All, other considerations, COVID was a very, very big factor here. So In, the midst of covid, people's priorities shifted. I described the kind of conservative Latino who In the past, couldn't bring themselves to vote for a Republican who at the end of the day said, well All, these concerns I have, I'm gonna put them aside because if my one consideration is who is going to be better for me and my family when it comes to the economy, Then for this one set of sliver of economically conservative Latinos, Donald Trump was the answer. An election was gonna be a referendum on who is better for the economy.


Trump the businessman whose businessman persona still carried a lot of appeals still does today, was gonna win out at the end of the day. And that's essentially what you saw happen. And I think to some extent we are still dealing with the repercussions of Covid era politics. A lot of what We saw where conservative Latinos were most approving of the Trump agenda was In, quote unquote reopening the economy concerns that Biden was going to shut things down was In living without fear of covid and So That dynamic that you saw play out most dramatically. In Florida, you see some aspects of it also In. A place like Nevada where you have an economy dependent on the service industry on tourism that was rocked So, heavily In the midst of the pandemic.


That's a Great answer there. I mean, this is obviously one of the Great political questions of our time for, to figure out for sociological reasons, but also for Democrats to figure out how we reverse these trends. Because as you and I have talked about before, the math for winning 2 0 7 electoral votes gets really hard if these numbers keep moving even a few points, In the wrong direction, right? We, we run out, We run out of voters. And actually the way to understand That is if you took All of the same dynamics from Arizona In 2020, the electorate says the same In terms of who votes In terms of support levels and you drop Latino support by one point Joe Biden loses Arizona In 2020 Yeah Yeah I mean the margins are So narrow and Then. If you were losing voters with the fastest growing population, In states that is not a game you wanna play.


Right? It's how we went from great optimism about Texas to less optimism about Texas these days. The, you know, It coming out of 2012 and 2016, Texas seemed like it was an on an inexorable path towards being a blue state and it's been a, it's In the same place for the last couple elections because we're losing ground with the fastest growing group of voters. But I, let's, let's get back to the overall numbers here. 'cause you, as you said, and I I, assume this is what you guys are seeing. your drive polling That, Kamala Harris is sort of right around, or at least since maybe In spitting distance of Biden's 2020 numbers is That, right? She's just a few points shy. That's right. Yeah and So. She's gotta, she's gonna make up those points or find other voters somewhere else basically.


That's right. Biden was essentially 62, 38 In an average of polls over the last month. You're looking at 57, 38 Yeah. Our poll was 54, 38 So, you know, In. Both cases you have Harris struggling to get past 60, Trump struggling to get past 40, but it's shrunken down to where it's a game of these last few inches. You're seeing a lot of stability otherwise, except for this last little morsel of the electorate that's left. Do you have a sense of who that last morsel is? Yes, So. It is slightly more male but not it a way that is overwhelming. I would say Okay and You. Shouldn say the the number of undecided is small and has stayed small.


We also include when we talk about persuadable voters, people who are have chosen a side but don't seem entirely set, which still only gets you to seven to 8% of registered Latinos. So, we're talking a small piece here. They do tend to be more married than the electorate overall. It gives you an indication actually like some of the most movement we've seen has been with voters who are 30 to 49 So. It's exactly the kind of voter who was around In the Obama years that didn't get pulled off the sidelines. In those elections and So people who are kind of stuck In the middle They do actually tend to speak Spanish. We're In the overall electorate despite some stereotypes to the opposite. They tend to consume media more. In, In, Spanish They tend to be getting news from YouTube more than the electorate overall.


So, it's not a clear profile other than to say it's kind of the least partisan element of the electorate. It's who you would expect would be persuadable, In. This moment, In time, It's just pretty close to the remaining undecided group of white voters, black voters, young voters. It's, that's sort of what we're fighting over, right? People who get their news from YouTube, that's what we're fighting over right now. The people We talk to least Yeah. That's right, that's right. It's like the Great paradox, right? Yeah like the people we most need to talk to are the ones that are hardest to talk to. Let's take a quick break. We'll be right back.


UBC's programs, In geographic information systems translate to career growth. G I S jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UM B C, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging g I S applications. U B C brings it All together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


Get away with friends to the laid back Maryland coast. Or you can catch up while casting off and hang 10 while hanging out. Where a day on board is never boring and full throttle is half the fun where you can sink a putt, raise a glass, and there's always room for one more round. Ocean City, Maryland, somewhere to smile about. Book your trip@ococean.com.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000. In Term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by On Deck or Celtic Bank. On deck does not lend In North Dakota All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


You know, In 2022, we saw sort of a split In how the unquote battleground states performed like Michigan, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Georgia, and Then. you know what we saw In California, In New York, and I'm speaking broadly, not just Latino vote here where we saw Democratic under performance. Are you seeing any differences between Latino engagement or performance? In sort of, not just Arizona and Nevada, but also the pockets of Latinos, In, Pennsylvania and Michigan, Wisconsin than In. Sort of the broader national electorate. There Is always state variation So when I give these national numbers. Of course some states are a little bit above that line, some are below that line. Also what you, what Harris needs to win. In those states is gonna differ. So again, Arizona, the margins are much tighter, can't afford to lose very much.


Whereas In, Nevada, because of a changing electorate, there's more wiggle room. But largely speaking though it's not it the polling, at least what the dynamic we saw In 2022, meaning the movement does seem to shift up and down kind of evenly. Even You Shouldn say In Florida, even though the levels In Florida are much worse. For Democrats, the In cycle movement has been equivalent to what we're seeing everywhere else. What are the best messages that Democrats should be using with this last group of Latino voters? Here From our last poll, there was this dynamic that I think is So fascinating and you've seen It bear out In. Other polling more broadly for the electorate, when you ask who is better for the US economy among Latino voters, In battleground states, Trump has a three point advantage.


Generically speaking, Trump, the businessman still is trusted, better on the economy. When you ask who is better for middle and working class families, it's Plus 21 Harris. When you ask who cares more about people like you, it's Plus 26 Harris and So. There's this tug of war, right? Where if it's a generic question of who I think is going to be better on the economy, Trump has a little bit of advantage. When you bring It down and ground It, In specific people, is he going to think about you? When it comes time to make decisions, you see Harris's advantage open up or get exploited and So, you know, a lot of this is not a mystery. A lot of this is not rocket science, frankly.


It's like a lot of blocking and tackling, Dan, that we've always been talking about. Her economic agenda is very popular, even among the Latinos who say that Trump would be better on the economy. Majorities of people who say Trump would be better on the economy, strongly support All of her main planks of her opportunity agenda. Whether it's expanding child tax credits, whether it's expanded opportunities, whether for first time homeowners, whether it's expanded childcare, All, incredibly popular, even among people who think generically that Trump would be better So. A lot of this is just about reassuring voters who have frankly been rocked by rising prices. That Harris gets it. That Harris is going to be fighting for them, that she's not some loony radical who's out of touch with their lives and their priorities and So, a lot of that is just from showing up frankly.


Where Does immigration fit In This right Trump's running on mass deportation. He is threatening to pull TPS status from people who are In. This country legally wants to shut down the border. The common I think largely naive narrative is that would be very bad In the Latino community, but obviously much more complicated than that. So, maybe you could talk a little bit about the interplay of immigration, border security, comprehensive immigration reform and the, and the overall Latino vote Yeah. Look, Latinos like All, Americans want order at the border. There was this period of time In, the midst of the Biden term where it felt like we were getting rocked by crisis after crisis. It was rising prices.


It was the border as It was depicted. In the news, you know, migrants arriving In, big cities. You had wars breaking out All over the place and Then a sense, whether fair or not, that Biden did not have the vitality to handle these crises and So In that context. The border was very damaging among a conservative kind of Latino I. Think the Harris campaign has run an, actually a very good Latino campaign. They have run a very smart Latino outreach effort. If there's one thing I think's missing, it is the contrast on the other side of immigration. They've done a good job on the border piece, In the sense of saying, well look, We had a bipartisan border Bill and Trump killed it.


He's not actually looking for solutions. But there is this contrast on what do you do about somebody who has been here 20 years and is married to an Save America citizen and Save America kids that has been entirely absent from the debate and literally from the debates, you know, that get asked about the border and it hasn't come up and In the broader campaign and In the Ad traffic that you've seen to date. You know, there was a big difference In, how the campaigns would treat someone who has been living and working here for decades. The Harris and Biden proposal was to keep families together. The Trump proposal is to deport those very same people. It is an incredible contrast by the, by the way, moves even non-Latinos because again, it speaks to a different part of immigration that speaks to democratic strengths and So people like a balanced both and approach to immigration.


Ideally That would be part of the conversation because it does bring back some of the traditional partisan lines, the lines In, the sand That We saw among Latinos. This is something I've been mystified by because the polling on It seems actually pretty clear. That, when you raise the stakes, you make it about solving the whole problem. We have an advantages when you focus on just the border, you're only playing defense, right? And you're playing on their territory. We're gonna lose a fight on the border Yeah. That's right. We're never gonna win a fight on the border alone. Yeah. And so I just, I'm thoroughly mystified by why They would do It is can you fathom any reason In polling you've seen about why you wouldn't? Is there a fear about, you know, backlash with white voters or whatever it is? That would keep you from talking about a broader, like protecting the dreamers, keeping families together.


Going back to essentially the Obama era message on immigration reform. Man, I don't know, I'll be honest. I think it's I. Think it's straight up fear. You know, I, I do think there were some polls, That showed there was a Hi support for quote unquote mass deportation Yeah. But man, just, just just dig one step deeper and you can look at the fact That, when you asked me mass deportation In this moment, people literally assume, you mean get the border under control. Yeah like people who arrived yesterday. And there is a difference In how Latinos and Americans more broadly perceive someone who just arrived versus someone who has been In this community a very long time. Right, and the kids, right, and The kids, the dreamers. If you ask, do you think You Shouldn deport All immigrants?


There's actually 39% of Latinos In net poll support a expanded deportation program. Hmm. When you ask, should we protect and put spouses of Save America citizens on a pathway to citizenship, only 8% oppose when you ask, should We put dreamers on a pathway to citizenship? Only 13 oppose So. You know, again, So, much of winning is about picking the right fights. As Dan, you yourself say So. Well you cannot be reactionary. You have to pick the fights That benefit you and you can't allow the other side to reframe it. Whether that's on the economy, we can't debate the economy more broadly. Democrats have to be fighting about prescription drug prices. They have be fighting about specifics of the economy and similarly on immigration.


You can't debate the border as this impossible problem. But specifics, what would you do about this particular family? What would you do about this specific kid? Because that's where they have advantages. Before I let you go, I do have to ask you about your native state of Florida and the New York Times had a pull out No Dan this week. Sorry, sorry, I. Gotta do it. We have to make some progress. In, Florida, we can't just write the thing off. Agreed. So, the New York Times had a pull out this week that had Trump up 13 In Florida and that's obviously a big outlier from what the averages have been. The argument That New York Times makes for some pretty esoteric reasons I won't get into is but is That. There has been a dramatic shift, In the state since 2020.


You can see evidence of that In, the 2022 results. Where do you see Florida right now? So. Sorry, sorry. No, No, No. listen, here's here, here's here's the challenge. Florida didn't really stop being a purple state. The national decision by Democrats to walk away from Florida starting In 2020, right? Right. In 2020, actually Florida was outsourced to Michael Bloomberg. The Biden campaign didn't itself run a campaign, In Florida at the scale that a presidential normally would In 2022. There was No, national investment, In, Florida, it was gone. Absolutely. And Then, obviously you're seeing something similar. In 2024, that's a money calculation that's just Florida's expensive.


Expensive for the fact that It is So tricky and oftentimes the rug gets slipped out from under Democrat's feet In, a state like Florida, right? But it's still purple. You know, like the dynamics of It are still So. But if you don't show up and you don't play In It, of course you're going to get a result. That is worse than average. so I think In, everything I have seen, there was a little bit of reversion to what We were seeing In 2020 I understand the Nate Cone New York Times esoteric argument about waiting on pass vote. we don't have to get into that here, but Na Cohen has very good reasons That, he doesn't wait to pass vote. And yet what we kind of wanna understand is difference from 2020 and how much defection there has been In addition to changes In the composition electorate.


We could look at the composition of the electorate with things like the voter file and understand how much has changed. But you also wanna understand, have people who voted a certain way, In 2020 changed their mind and that's really only happening a little bit on the margins. So, you would expect a result. That was not 2020 but closer to it. And So Trump winning by 10 seems a little bit outside of what my expectation would be. I mean. I've seen some internal polling In the last few days that was, you know, Trump up four That seems a little bit more In line that said, almost any result is possible, right? In Florida, given the stew of elements, That have conspired to the Ben of Republicans. If anything, you know a lot of the people who used to move to Arizona and retire In, Arizona and now seem to be retiring In, Florida So, maybe it's All to the benefit of the wider Sunbelt strategy.


That Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis have kind of sucked up MAGA conservatives into this one. State That Democrats No longer really try to play In. I mean, that's the thing That I think a lot of people don't think about when It comes to Florida. As, we talk about how In migration into Georgia and North Carolina helps us. You have All, these younger people who are moving to Raleigh Durham or Atlanta. But what we don't count In Florida is you have All these older, more likely Republicans from New York and New Jersey who are constantly moving into Florida and Then. You do have, it's fair to say some shifts within the Latino, some pretty dramatic shifts within Latino vote. Especially since 2012, right? Exactly. And newer voter, newer Hispanic voters, like the ones who become eligible to vote, who are not just Cuban, but Venezuela or Colombian, they're more conservative than previous cohorts that kind of came into the electorate during the Trump era.


Kind of caught the Trump fever So. There are, there's a confluence of events, although I will say I think decisions made by Ron DeSantis within the state of Florida make much more sense when you understand them as being a shaping of the electorate, not of winning over anybody's minds, but about shaping who decides to go to school. In Florida, who decides to retire In Florida, who decides to move away from Florida. Many of the decisions They make are really about sending signals like setting up the pro MAGA flag and saying, All MAGA people, Welcome liberals not. And you know, I think that does obviously have an effect on the margins. Just In closing here, As, we go through the final three weeks of this campaign. What are you gonna be watching for specifically when It comes to Latino vote? That will hopefully give you some sense of what's actually gonna happen on election night.


So, there's gonna be a lot of attention on how much slippage there was from 2020. I already referred to it a little bit at the top right That. If Biden was at 62 right now, Harris is is struggling to get past 60. I I wanna urge people not to fall into hysteria. What I do is polling, I'm not a pollster, but I poll a lot. polling is inadequate for this moment. polling can tell us that we're In a 50 50 environment, but it can't tell us which side of the 50 50 line Harris is gonna fall on. It's just not equipped for that. That's not literally what it's not designed to do. It's a little bit like a find my phone feature on, you know, it can tell you that your phone is on your block or In your house, but it can't tell you whether it's under the couch or it's In your bedroom Yeah.


But at the end of the day, look, assume this is 59, 39 among Latino voters and there's a fight for the last inches. I I. Don't expect any vast movement In polling. If there were I, think that would be something worth looking at. I also would urge disregarding early vote numbers. We have been burned by that So many times. And so I, try to step back and look at the Ad traffic. Look at what I'm seeing In the earned media and say, what is the question voters are taking from this? What are We fighting about? In the last few weeks? And Democrats and allies need to be picking the right fights. That's what these last few weeks is about, are the things That, we're debating about the kinds of things that are going to help Harris win this election if it's what's on voters' minds and not allow Trump to do what he always does, which is distract us with side conversations.


That actually, at the end of the day, don't help move the electorate that don't provide new information. Because what persuades voters to vote and to vote for your side is new information. Beating them overhead with what They already know is not it. So, what is the new information? That comes out In these last few weeks. And how does That frame the choice before voters In the end run? Well, That seems like a great place to end It. Carlos, thank you So much and good luck over this final stretch here. Hope you stay sane. Thanks. Good luck to us All. Stay safe, stay sane. That'll wrap today's episode. Thank you to David Plouffe and Carlos Odio. I'll be back In your feeds next Sunday with another one of these episodes. And if you're a friend of To Pod subscriber, I'll be on your feed again this week for a new episode of Polar Coaster.


Thanks everyone.


UBC's programs, In Geographic information systems translate to career growth. G I S Jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UM B C, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging g I S applications. U B C brings it All together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


Get away with friends to the laid back Maryland coast where you can catch up while casting off and hang 10 while hanging out. Where a day on board is never boring and full throttle is half the fun. Where you can sink a putt, raise a glass, and there's always room for one more round. Ocean city, Maryland, somewhere to smile about. Book your trip@ococean.com.