
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home security. No one wants to imagine their home getting broken into. But the scary statistic is that every 26 seconds in the US a family experiences a break in. Scary. Yes, but that's why SimpliSafe has worked to make home security accessible to more American families. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at a round, a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. SimpliSafe is named Best Home Security System by US News and World Report. Five years in a row and by John Lovett. You bet. I set up a SimpliSafe. Very easy to do. You customize it on the website, it comes in the mail, and you can get help to install it from SimpliSafe. It allows it to do it yourself, and then it works perfectly. The app is great. The customer service is extremely reliable. Highly recommend it. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash crook to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash cricut. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Today. The beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can, bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm Jon Favre. I'm Jon Lovett. I'm Tommy Vitor. On today's show, Donald Trump and JD Vans hinted over the weekend that they may defy the courts. After a few federal judges have started to put the brakes on Elon Musk's hostile takeover of the federal government. We'll talk about the brewing constitutional crisis in a bit, and I'll dig in on the legal issues later in the show with strict scrutinies Leah Lipman, who joins us. We'll also talk about how Elon's wrecking Ball is putting everything from cancer research to consumer protection at risk. So much so that even some Republicans are starting to speak up. Just a little bit to peep, just to peep. And in case you were wondering whether Trump and his family are still shameless grifters.


It now looks like they've made a hundred million dollars in trading fees on the Trump meme coin while a lot of investors got screwed. But Are they happy? It seems like it honestly seems like a Yeah. Think pretty heavy, pretty psyched, pretty heavy. We are. We are recording this the Monday after what used to be known as Super Bowl Sunday. But will henceforth be known as something else entirely thanks to our new king and savior? Here's what was heard aboard Air Force One and Route to the big game in New Orleans. Air Force One is currently in international waters. The first time in history flying over the recently renamed Gulf of America. This Is a proclamation declaring today, February 9th, 2025 is the first ever Gulf of America Day And we're flying right over it right now.


So we thought this would be appropriate, even bigger than the Super Bowl. This is a big thing. Now. I love the people of Canada. We have a great relationship, but if they became our 51st state would be the greatest thing they could ever do. It'd be unbelievable. It would be a cherished state. 'cause without the us, Canada really doesn't have a country. And if we say we want our cars to be made in Detroit, like with a stroke of a pen, I can do that. Other things in addition to that would not allow Canada to be a viable country. There's a light over the United States. People are happy, they're more confident.


The approval ratings for this country have gone through the sky. Is that what it is? It's a light. A light over the United States. American people are taking solid shits. They're sleeping through the night. Where to begin, where to begin, guys, I did find it notable that Trump was somehow able to insert himself at the center of one of America's last and certainly biggest monocultural moments. He sat down for an interview with Fox News's, Brett Bear, part of which aired before the game. He also became the first sitting president to attend the Super Bowl, where he was cheered on his way in and left before the second half. What'd you guys make of him going and and basically just being on our screens and in our faces even more than he was during the first term.


God. So annoying. It's just so annoying. Just getting my Super Bowl, by the way, was that the Air Force one pilot doing that announcement? So we're getting a, seems like it. A uniform member of the US military and on your political announcement about the Gulf of America, I Mean, check out this norms fag. I Mean, I mean Apple, Google are changing the name. It's all over the place. It's an even, it's an, even as he said, it's an even bigger deal than the Super Bowl. And guess what? It's so true. No one, everyone thinks this is stupid. This is the, of all the shit that like the polls, it's not popular. And which surprised me, I thought people would be like me, Gulf of America. Cool. But it turns out Amer even American voters smarter than that. I will say though, if I were to think of the, the places that would like it the most, it would be that ring of kind of red America that runs from like Clearwater, Florida through the panhandle, down through the, down, down on the, the Texas Greater Tampa.


I'd love To know Tampa for sure. I'd Love to know whoever thought of that before this became a thing with Trump. You know, like I'd love to know the, someone should do the history, an oral history of how Gulf of Mexico became Gulf of America and, and, and a Trump proposal. Yeah. We gotta get that person and the guy who told Seal to become an eth anthropomorphic singing seal, singing about Mountain Dew and we send them both the Gmo, that was maybe, it was definitely number one for a while. That song in 1994? 93, 94, I can't remember exactly Uzbeki. I was in eighth grade, so I think it was 9 4 95. It was associated with Batman forever. Yes, Batman Forever. And Then that's how I know it. Then all these years later, that 30 years later, 30 years later, he's a seal that Made me a communist on the spot.


I haven't consumed for capitalism. I was making a delicious orange cake based on a recipe by Nigel Lawson. And then I got a text from my father saying, what is this? Which led me to believe that the halftime show had be gone. So I did turn that on and then I went back once the oranges were done, steeping to making my cake. That's what I did. Dad's a Drake guy. Yeah. There were a few questions from, from parents in our home. Is there gonna be another act too? Is this just, is it just this, this guy. Anyway, I really, my my thought about first of all, you know, Trump likes to flood the zone and he is out there all the time and that's helpful and everyone's made that point. And I do think it's a lesson for, for Democrats going forward who are running for president, but he really does seem this time around, like he is more of a, a king in like the ceremonial sense.


Mm. And like Elon now is the prime minister. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Just doing all the work and Trump is just, he's just posting, talking. He's like a little more relaxed. You know, he's, he's holding court, he's hosting, you always say he's hosting seven and then like meanwhile Elon's just running around breaking the entire federal government, eliminating services for people. Yeah. He's Free. I'm not saying it's the worst model, by the way. Seems a time, well for like next time, like I would like to have a democratic president maybe next time who is out there all the time and you know, just talking to the country the whole time. And then there's a whole bunch of people doing the work. So we're, we are still very much in the honeymoon phase. Yes. And I think this is really effective for a couple reasons. One point that Dan and Ben made when they were talking, or I think it was a point that Dan made in that conversation, was that this, that Trump paid for being with Ben Smith.


With Ben Smith. Yeah. Which was a great episode. People should check out. But Trump paid for being compared to Obama. He's now benefiting from being compared to Joe Biden being out there more and active. And we'll get into the politics of all these different moves and what people know is happening, what people don't know is happening. But fundamentally he looks extremely active. He's everywhere. He's doing things. He seems dynamic. He seems like he's having fun because I think actually for the first time as president, he is genuinely having fun because he doesn't feel bound by any of the advisors who are telling him the rules that he didn't care about in the first place. But let's see what happens when there's, there's two ways in which this eventually has to, I think give one at a certain point, they won't be able to keep up with their own pace. I'm sure there's thrilled with themselves that the press can't keep up and the Democrats keep, can't keep up, they can't keep up with this.


That's the first. And the second is, you know, he called off that first round of tariffs. We are still, he's still able to deny that he is responsible for a plane crashing. Right. Even as he is getting rid of air traffic controller boards, whatever. So let's see what happens when there start to be consequences for governing or consequences of just reality and the crises that happen to any president. Right. So like let's Talk about a comparison with Obama for a second though. I guess I, I I, I watched this and I thought why couldn't we have gone to stuff every time Obama wanted to do something cool, we were told it was a security risk or it was gonna be inconvenienced people. And I would just ask everyone to Google Obama and date night, remember that 2009, Obama and Michelle, they get on the plane, they fly to New York, they go to dinner and they go to a show, Fox News and all the conservative media outlets went insane for weeks about what they did.


Whether it was at a touch, the cost to taxpayers. I would love to know how much it costs to pack up Air Force one fly to New Orleans, rename a gulf, a body of water and then leave it halftime. You know? But like, that's not part of the conversation because of this massive conservative bias that, you know, Fox put on the game and they interviewed Trump before it. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I just think he's forget about comparing him to either Biden or Obama, like, just aside from that, which are all good comparisons just compared to himself in the first term. Right. Which is, I am wrestling with the fact that we, he is, he seems to be having more fun and is in more places and is more culturally accepted and is part of, you know, right.


Fox News is always gonna attack everything that a democratic president does for sure. But just people who, who don't turn into tune into Fox or, or the more liberal parts of the media but are just normies in the country. You know, you see the Super Bowl and there's Brad Pitt and there's Taylor Swift and there's, you know, new Orleans and then, and there's Donald Trump and he's just there and he is part of it with everyone else. And it's also yet compared to the first term, much more dangerous. And everything he's doing is much more lawless and there are much more consequences. And it just seems there is this sort of disconnect between how he is in the second term and how he appears and how he's being received and, and what's actually happening. Though I will say that I Think he always would've been welcome in New Orleans at a Super Bowl, to be honest, in the first term.


Oh. Course. Just in terms, just terms of culturally, I didn't say when people liking him and stuff like that. Yeah, of course. But I'm just saying like, it was, I, I don't know if he was there the first time, there would've been some, I mean, there were companies boycotting stuff. Yeah. There was, it was a whole different scene there. It was just, it was very, very different. But yeah, no, I just think it's, There's a way, there's, look, I think it's just, there's a way in which he is right now like ascendant and feeling strong and that like, that crowd feels happy to, happy to cheer him and then Boo Taylor Swift and that like, everybody knows that that's what's gonna happen. Yeah. And that's what we're gonna do together. And that's part of the fun. But they booed Her 'cause she's dating Travis Kelsey and it's half Eagles fan, you know what I mean? Everyone making the comparison. It's like, come on guys. Yeah. It's just bitter, bitter Eagles fans. They're everywhere.


They've done way worse to like Santa Claus, they throw batteries. That's true. Yeah. I mean he used to get booed more itself earlier. Yeah. He was one of the most, he used to get booed, One of the most unpopular presidents in American history. I mean, mean he was booed everywhere he went. He was booted tons of games. Yeah. But I do thi I think like look at this time in Joe Biden's first year it was like 60% approval and his staff was like pushing around and that he was the second coming of FDR and it was like that was taken, you know, somewhat seriously by various outlets. Right. So that's ju I mean it's true. You know, and when we were sitting there like, Joe Biden's doing great. Look at that. So I, I guess we'll see. We'll See. And he was, and Joe Biden was in the ca box. I think He was in the ca box. Yeah. So we heard Trump once again talking about making Canada our 51st state, though every time he brings this up, it sounds like it's, it's started from like joke to maybe he's serious to that one that we just heard.


That sounds like a threat. Yeah, I mean that was, they, it's, it's good for them to do this, but also they wouldn't have a country without America. And with one stroke of the pen, I could make sure the cars are made in Detroit, which I didn't, I mean, what Is he, he is in Mexico invading them. What is he talking About? Tommy Hower are, are poor Canadian friends taking all of This? They don't like it. Yeah. There was a u gov poll. 77% of Canadians oppose Canada becoming a part of the United States. Trump also keeps claiming that the US is subsidizing Canada, which is, he just doesn't understand what a trade imbalance is. Like we buy a lot of oil from Canada, thus we buy more of their stuff than they buy of our stuff. But it's, it is really pissing people off up there. I mean, there was a sketch on a sketch comedy show in Canada where you had two guys at a grocery store and they were talking about what products to buy.


And one guy keeps scolding the other for buying American things and replacing it with the joke is that they're shittier inferior Canadian versions of whatever it is, even maple syrup. And it's pretty funny. But it went super viral. And then I was talking to a Canadian friend today who Said sketch comedy in Canada. What's that like? It sharp, sharp comedy. Do we like sketch comedy? That's, They're famously good. They're Yeah, we, we owe a lot of our Canada, we, we stole it from them. We stole, that's one of our biggest imports. What Was that? What was the famous one killing me? Kids in the hall came from Canada. Canada kids. But a ton of like ever. Jim Carrey a ton of SNL people. Everybody's from Canada. Yeah. But, but, but on top of that, like, there was that one clip of Canadians booing the national anthem at like a hockey game that went viral.


Mm. Apparently that's happening over and over and over again at NBA games and NHL games, et cetera. So, I don't know. I do also think you have to view this in the context of like, last week he announced that we're gonna annex ethnically cleanse and then occupy Gaza. We're picking fights with Denmark over Greenland. There's the Panama thing. So like, whether or not he's serious, he's pissing everybody off. And we didn't play it because there's just too much sound to play. But Gaza's another example where he has the press conference says that they want to own Gaza doesn't rule out sending troops the next day he walks back the troops, the White House tries to walk the thing back. Then he gets asked about it on the plane on the way to the Super Bowl and he is like, own it, like owning a resort. Yeah. Like, like we're gonna own it and develop it.


Like he just, he doubled down. It is On the Gaza thing. Nic cleansing 2 million people live there. He wants to push them out and steal their land. That is illegal. Also on the Canada thing, I heard, I saw a piece that last week Trudeau was caught on a hut mic telling people that like yeah. Telling, telling people that like Trump is serious about Canada and that he thinks that that Trump wants their their minerals. Their minerals. Yeah. Well The, the, What are we doing? Are we like a, so I Would a futile Lord, now what are we doing? It's really hard to, it's like hard to think about, to talk about. I, I saw Tim Miller make this point over the weekend. I thought it was a good one because he pointed out that Trump talking about Gaza in this way, I assume Trump talking about Canada in this way, it's breaking through.


Right. It's the kind of thing that gets beyond where conversations around U-S-A-I-D and NIH grants and I mean, I would hope so. You know, so as the president, the United States talks about annexing the country to the, to the north. Yeah. But like, so, but then like you'll sometimes see from Democrats that go like, this is a distraction. Right. And, and like I, I agree, right? Ultimately, like, like if, if this is just part of Trump's kind of malign trade war to kind of bully Canada into accepting certain terms, like it is in some sense a distraction. But I do think it's worth just like taking a beat and saying, well, so everyone gets to find out about it. We don't address it because it's a distraction. And so then all the culturally relevant conversations happen without democrats offering a serious response beyond like, Nah, distraction.


Well, there's distraction. Well, it's like, that's what, that's what we're saying when everyone's like, what is this Gulf of America? Canada's A distraction, distract won't Help egg prices come down. Right? Yeah, exactly. And, and like, it's hard. I it's hard to talk. It's hard to deal with 'cause it's, and it's meant to be. But the answers we seem to offer most often are like, distraction. Boy, this is crazy. And constitutional crisis as if like, if you add the word constitutional it like unlocks a new set of like controls. I don't know. But I do think it's worth just being like, Hey, like we really benefit from the fact that the world's largest border is safe and that there aren't skirmishes right. Between us, the way there are in the Himalayas between China and India, or Europe or Europe, Russia and Ukraine.


We, we, we benefit a lot, right? That that, that France and Germany aren't building trenches as often as they used to. Or, Or like, even even more basic than that. Canada doesn't wanna be the 51st state. It's not popular. No one there wants to join the United States. I thought that as the United States, we believed that people get to determine how they're governed. That seems to be a fundamental value in the United States. What are we talking about anymore? And, and it is true. What are we even talking about? And it is true that there's no nothing in the constitution that requires people want to become a state before we make them one. Right. But it's just sort of the way it's often, at least at its best been done core values As a nation, Right. Core values. But but the other piece of this too is it's like I, that I feel like what's under assault is this, like, this idea of like, there's a stability premium we pay and it's expensive in a lot of different ways, but we get a lot for it, right?


It's like, it's like Amer, we have a Make America premium. And for America Premium, you don't have to worry about a war with Canada. And you can kind of trust that there aren't gonna be a 19-year-old political appic in the payment system. And you know that there's some kind of divide between the military and law enforcement and the political appointees of the government, even if we've not always honored that. And like we can have an extremely trusting relationship with, which creates a lot of economic benefits for everybody. And now we have these dofu running around the government being like, what are we paying for? Why are we doing this? What is the value of all this? And our two options right now are to convince people that the benefits of kind of common sense and stability are worth it. Even though you don't feel the pain or allowing these guys to rip things to pieces so terribly that we start to experience what America, how bad America could get to prove that everybody that guess that we were right the whole time as we slowly claw our way back.


I believe me, I've been thinking about a third option and I don't know if we have it. So, and Important correction, big balls. Mr. Balls got a job at the State Department. So he is no longer a treasury. This is the Doge 19-year-old. I think they threw him like a, a goodbye party at treasury at the, the, at the systems office. Yeah. Hey, Take, take company Social security checks with you for all your Service, which I which I imagine being like the severance officer, the Other, the other thing like to Thomas. Yeah. Like it's like severance. Like just, just turn your turn Off. There's four people there. And then suddenly Well, I know, I know Big ball. I haven't heard season two yet. I know big balls is different than the other one. Everyone know that, right? The big balls was the one who was fired for leaking. He's not the race. Inform The racist. All doge bros look the same to you. But the, but like I, I was also like just sort of like taking a moment to like, think about it.


It's like, okay, what is he complaining about? Exactly. Like to Tommy's point, like we actually, if you take out oil, we don't have a trade deficit with Canada. They buy a ton of stuff from us. We get more out of it than they do. They are our biggest export partner, which means that they're our biggest customer. 17%, 70% of everything the US sells around the world. We sell to Canada. They are. And like, no, I'm glad we've moved beyond a society that believes the customer is always right, but as a rule, like you don't like fucking try out, you don't like poke your biggest customer in the eye over and over again. It's just fucking stupid. Well now we'll see what happens. 'cause some real news from Trump was the announcement that he's putting 25% tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, including from Canada and Mexico. So he did this in his first term, Trump announced similar steel and aluminum tariffs that were meant to target China, but ended up impacting US businesses that rely on those materials, whether they get them from other countries or not.


Trump later carved out exemptions to the tariffs for the rest of his term. And Biden rolled them back even more when he got into office. The tariffs reportedly just went into effect right before we started recording. It's Monday afternoon and apparently there are no exemptions this time. So it, I don't know. It seems like these are not just in a negotiating tactic and it's real since they're, they have now been levied just like the China one. Hard, Hard for the world to call a meeting, you know? Right. Let's all get together. Let's good on a Zoom. Yeah. It's a negotiating position, but it is real. You know, I I think it's just both like Trump has just shown us that he wants to terror first ask questions later. I mean, interestingly, the, The, that's good. Tommy, the US stock.


Well, thank you. The US stock market was up on Monday, so Wall Street is kind of brushing it off. They were like European steel producers that took a hit. But like, I don't know that it just, it's weird how the economic system is just kind of like taking the same, I have the same, I have the same reaction to it Because the economic, it's like, if you are probably though it's gonna be felt by like people who are in these industries and then consumers will have, will pay higher prices for things that we buy that are made from steel and aluminum that are not made in the United States. But even domestic steel producers, they didn't really increase their output that much the first time around in the first administration after the tariffs were put in place on imports. So it, it's not benefiting anybody. Right. And there was, there was some of them were interviewed and they were like, I like I I liked his protectionist instincts.


But the first time around, it just ended up making everything more expensive. Yum. Like, yeah. No kidding.


Pots of America's brought to you by Haya. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy and disguised filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals and other gummy additives growing kids should never eat. That's why Haya created a superpowered chewable vitamin. It's made with zero sugar and zero gummy additives and it tastes great. It's perfect for picky eaters. Formulated with the help of pediatricians and nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals to help support immune system energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones and more. It's non GMO Vegan, dairy free allergy free gelatin free nut free. And everything else you can imagine high is designed for kids chewing up and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Charlie Favreau likes high vitamins. He's used 'em for a long time and he is a picky eater, but also he eats them and we know that, you know, he's, he's not taking a bunch of sugar along with all that, those vitamins. So we like it. And are you tired of battling with your kids to eat their greens? Yes. Haya now has kids daily greens and super foods, a chocolate favored greens powder designed specifically for kids packed with 55 plus whole food ingredients to support brain power development and digestion. Just scoop, shake and sip with milk or any non-dairy beverage for a delicious and nutritious boost. Your kids will actually enjoy. We've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order to claim this deal. You must go to Hiya Health dot com slash crooked. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A lt.com/crooked and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults


Today. The beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better.


It turns out people's views on Trump's tariffs are mixed at best. A new poll from CBS over the weekend about Trump's first few weeks in office show a slight majority favors tariffs on goods from China. But even bigger majorities oppose tariffs on goods from Mexico, Canada, and Europe. Maybe because most Americans see those countries as our allies. Right. The poll also shows that 66% of voters think that Trump is not focusing enough on lowering prices, though his approval rating is at 53% with around two thirds of voters describing the president as tough, energetic, focused and effective. What do you guys make of the poll, and especially the discrepancy between how people feel about Trump's economic agenda and his focus on lowering prices and how they feel about Trump's presidency overall?


I mean, I think it, it reflects a lot of what Lovo was getting at earlier, which is first of all, presidents tend to have a honeymoon period. And that's just kinda a tough political reality for all of us Democrats as we're trying to figure out how to fight this. And also, as much as I want to throw all of Trump's campaign promises in his face, like the price of eggs is not down, you have not ended the war in Ukraine, et cetera, et cetera. He said he'd do it in 24 hours. I think most voters get that it was a shtick and they're gonna give him some time to actually get things done. But moreover, like they just see him doing stuff. He's active. They might not like all of it, but he's doing things, he's taking action. He looks decisive, he's on the tv, he's signing shit and holding it up. No one can read what it says, but you know, they I guess seem to like that so far.


And you know, the, the, to feel the pain on this stuff, it's gonna take some time. Like the, the, the response on should the US annex and occupy Gaza was like 13% in favor, like 47 something opposed, 41% were like, huh. You know, like most people are like, what? You know, and I think over time, if we slaps terrorists on, on Europe and Canada, if we really do have a military occupation in the Middle East, again, people will not like that. Like the Elon stuff also I think will not wear that well over time, but it will take time. It doesn't Wear that well in this poll, in this poll. There's a lot of people who are looking at this and saying, I would like less or none of him, thank you very much. A billionaire interceding and having so much sway over the government, which I also took as a good sign.


Yeah. I like, I think like I, we have a lot of ideological criticisms obviously with what Trump is doing. We don't like the way that he's doing it, but if you're not like kind of thinking about like the value of Forbearances and the ways in which it has been done in the past and why a government that moved more slowly and deliberately is ultimately more valuable. Because over time we all benefit from that. The safety and security of that kind of a system. Trump is like, I he is moving so fast. They are doing a lot. It doesn't just, it is not just the perception of it. They hit the ground running in a, in a serious way. It's like genuinely impressive, impressive in a dark and sinister way, but it's nonetheless impressive.


And if you're turning on the news every day and hearing about all these different things Trump is doing and all the different criticisms coming out out of it, you may not like, like all of it, but like in comparison how to, how people felt about Joe Biden being basically absent. I imagine for a lot of people it's a welcome change even though you're like, I didn't want, like I was, I wanted the border under control. I wasn't in this for some kind of for cuts that I don't totally understand. I was in this to get the economy in better shape and prices under control and to feel like I understood what my president was doing. So that, that, I think it kind of reflects kinda what we've been talking about. I think the normies just aren't paying attention and the normies are most of the country. And we just had an election where we learned this, where despite billions of dollars being spent to get people to pay attention to the 2024 presidential race, there was still a good chunk of Americans that barely paid attention.


They tended to vote for Donald Trump. The Americans who did pay close attention to the news tended to vote for Kamala Harris in these polls. Even like, you know, his approval rating among Democrats isn't like, especially high, right? Like Democrats are still outraged by Donald Trump. And I think to your point, the energy and he's assigning things and he's affect all that. I think that is playing extraordinarily well with the people who voted for him, right? With most people who voted for him. I think they're excited. I think most people in the country still aren't paying attention. And I do think I, I buy the approval rating at 53% for sure, or at least in that neighborhood, right? Like, I think these polls are all legitimate. I wish pollsters would start asking more questions about like people's views on actions that he's taking or proposals that he's making on some of the, the cuts that are gonna happen under the doge, you know, regime, all this shit.


Like I just feel like asking about presidential approval and what do you think he's like, and is he energetic at this point? I just think it's, it's of limited value right now in the first a hundred days and that we actually need to, you know, like those descriptors of, of Trump tough, energetic, focused, effective, like yeah, they make sense. I get, I get why people would say that about him. Like I get why, you know, he's in a honeymoon period. It's the beginning of his term again. Joe Biden has higher approval ratings at this time too. So it's not super surprising, but you kind of gotta dig in because most people aren't paying attention. Well, Here's the problem though, most people are never gonna like, right, this is it. They're never gonna pay. Well they're, they're gonna pay until They feel effects. Until they, this is what you Were saying. Well this is, I think we have to, this is why I think it's about what happens when people start feeling effects. But like, I do think we should assume that the way people are consuming Donald Trump right now is not going to change that much until a few months before the midterms, right?


Like, Or, I mean look, think about, think back to the first term. His lowest approval is January 6th. Everyone's like, obviously, of course, and Tide, maybe even lower in one of them is ACA and tax cuts. Because in a CA the country was like, oh, we don't like paying attention to the news, but you know what, you might lose our healthcare and all the other shit that we obsessed about and we talked about on this podcast. And every everyone else in the media talked about didn't really make that much of a difference in his approval rating. But those things that were gonna affect people Right. Actually did. So we are, we, so we're waiting for acute moments of focus around big signal political events, either crises or legislative moments. Fine, but what I, my point is only that day to day in between those, this is the kind of Trump we're going to get a Trump that's kind of everywhere swamping the news and we need to be able to figure out how to make an argument during those times.


Yeah. Because if we're just waiting for things to either get bad or for them to actually try to pass something terrible, we're kind of just yoked to, to his news cycle. And Even the people not paying attention. I agree. That's the majority. What they're seeing is Trump at the Super Bowl, Trump doing stuff and they're like, oh, that's cool, that looks fun. Or I mean this is again, the Gulf of America thing just keeps popping up in my head. But that would be stupid, right? Like that's something that breaks through because it's so weird and different and what, and like a cultural thing and people are like, I dunno, that's stupid. Yeah. It's like, is It salient? Like that's always the question. Oh, I'm, it's not salient, It's stupid obviously. But like do they care? Are they're like, that's fucking, I'm sure they don't controlling. I'm sure they don't care, but they don't like it. Yeah. I, I want, I look, I think I, I think about that like that group of people, right? 'cause like yes, I think there's Democrats that are inoculate against Trump forever.


The Republicans that will love him forever. There's this group of people, independent people, like when they see Trump saying Gulf of America, when they see him talking about making Canada a state, maybe they don't like it in the moment. But it's also like, it's hard not to imagine the idea of Trump just like out there every day being like a pro-America guy is not like there. One last thing that we should, I have just, I don't know before, Before we leave this like this, 66% who think that Trump is not focusing enough on lowering prices. That is a big deal. It is a big deal. And I, and I wanna note this as well, should be a signal. There was a long running debate just on the, on our side of the spectrum about is it the economy? Is it vibes with voters being concerned about inflation and high prices during Biden?


And there's a lot of people who said, well no, actually the economy is wonderful. And the only reason that people think that are complaining about prices is because they're either partisan Republicans or the media is fucking up. And as soon as Trump wins, oh it's gonna be different. Everyone's gonna be wonderful. Well actually no, Trump is, has won and 66% of voters think he's not focusing off on lower prices. And consumer confidence came in last week and it was down. So here's what's, I think I agree with you. I think that that that will largely be proven correct. That it was like not some media fueled or Republican fueled notion. I think that's probably true Wasn't Headlines. But there's two was not the phrasing of AP headlines. But I do think that there is a two step process to this, which is Trump is it? People are correct.


It's forget having an impact on product. Trump is not focused on it. He's not talking about it all the time. He's not thinking about it all the time. He's not addressing it all the time. He's actually not doing it the way he's Trying to use tariffs as a substitution, which is a real fucking energy, energy, Energy. His Entire price at this point. Energy. But when, but like when Trump wants to hammer something, he wants to hammer something. I think the bigger test is actually when Trump doesn't magically have the ability to lower prices, but starts figuring out a way to either to blame people or to declare victory, then what happens? And like, I I I think largely like this will be proven to be a serious political problem for him. But he has, he has another turn of it. Yeah. I just, I I think I, I think that material, people's material conditions are still, of course they still drive a lot of public opinion.


Of Course. Hunter Biden gave all those birds the flu. So. Hmm. Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden did. Oh, hunter Biden did. Really? You Didn't read that? Is that a thing that's part Interest Hunter? I'm, You can't surprise us at this point. There's nothing that was surprise. No joke saying In Canada. Alright, let's talk about our brewing constitutional crisis that Elon Musk and his Doge bags have started. By the way I said Doge bags on Thursday. Yeah, I'm with Doge bags Too. And a source very high up at the Late show with Stephen Colbert alerted me today that actually they did something on Thursday, they did something before we set it on. They claimed Doge bags. Doge bags. So I just wanna say it's all yours. We, we walk in your, we walk in your footsteps and I'm glad we're on the same page. Yeah.


I think we just wanted to get away from calling everyone bros. Yes, that's right. Because it's sort of, because no one's ever, no one's Ever. Because our culture is not your costume. No. No one's ever called us Po Bros. In a complimentary way. No, it's always, I How many, it's never been complimentary. It's always condescending. How Many, how many skirts I have to wear, how many lockers I had to get shoved into to stop being called a fucking bro. Not enough. So what is my energy? Keep wearing bro energy. Keep getting in those lockers. Yeah. Unbelievable. Anyway, on Monday afternoon, a federal judge ruled that the Trump administration hasn't fully complied with multiple orders to unfreeze federal spending. That followed a ruling on Saturday that Doge can't access treasuries. Payment systems only trained civil servants are allowed. Elon and MAGA world are furious over this ruling. Elon called for the judge to be impeached, also proposed annual elections to eliminate the worst judges.


I dunno if you know, that's his new thing. But the most alarming reaction I think came from vice president JD Vance, who tweeted quote, judges aren't allowed to control the executive's legitimate power. When Trump was asked about this by Brett Baer during his Fox News interview and then again on Air Force One, here's what he said. 19 states attorneys general filed a lawsuit. And early Saturday a judge agreed with them to restrict Elon Musk and his government efficiency team Doge from accessing treasury department payment and data systems. They said there was a risk of irreparable harm. What do you make of that? And does that slow you down on what you want to do? No, I disagree with it a hundred percent. I think it's crazy. And bottom line, you say you trust him.


Trust Elon. Oh, he's not gaining anything. In fact, I wonder how he can devote the time to it. He's so into it. JD Vance said judges aren't allowed to control the executive power. What's your take On that? Well, we're gonna see what happens. We have a long way to go. And we're talking about fraud, waste abuse. And when a president can't look for fraud and waste and abuse, we don't have a country anymore. So we're very disappointed. But with the judges, that would make such a ruling. Small thing there. But when Trump was talking about Elon and he was like, I don't know where he finds the time for this. I know it just betrayed just a hint of he, Trump always is very good about like, I know where the American people are. I I know what you're thinking.


You're like, what's going on with this guy? I gotcha, I gotcha. You only finds the time not parenting. Right? You gotta have a lot of kids and you see them as little as possible. That's how you free up all your time for dozing Not the first, not the first dad to stay late at work because he doesn't like his family and won't be the last Trump's also like, I mean there's no bigger poster than Donald Trump. And he's probably like, this guy is posting even more than I am. That's true. Yeah, he is. He's he's just in awe. He's like, what is his? Magnificent. So I talked to Leah about all the legal implications of this, which you'll all hear in a little bit, but just a a little spoiler for you guys. Even though judges aren't allowed to control the executive's legitimate power, guess who decides what constitutes the executive's legitimate power?


Well, sure. I, I like had this moment over South Africans. I had, I had this moment over the weekend. Yeah, okay. Yes. I had this moment over the weekend where I was just sort of like, I, I can't believe I have to like go back and try to remember what the fuck Marbury versus Madison was about. I did too. And I was like, dude, I was like, dude, I literally was, What did Andrew Jackson Do when in, I went into chat GPT and I was like, oh, great Fucking great. Go to a different oligarch to get your answers to how to fight. Let's, this oligarch's fucking c stolen IP machine is gonna help me figure out the answer. How to fight this other Oligarch. I, I said this on offline, but part of it's Google sucks these days. I know. It's, and so I actually asked, I'm like, can you give me a, a copy of the constitution? I thought that was gonna be faster than Googling. And it was Oh wow. I actually read.


'cause I'm like, alright, what is article three actually say? And then I Yeah, the whole thing. It's, believe me, it's Robert Bird. Yeah, exactly. Robert. The, but so I guess like, I, like, I am curious what Lee has to think about this. And, and, and I do think some of this is posturing and some of this is what presidents of all stripes and all administrations have said some version of these courts. I am a constitutional officer. I have the right to say what I believe the Constitution is to be. And they, they're not the sole arbiters of what's in the Constitution. But to me, like some of this is negotiating, right? They are sending a message to courts, to, to trim their sales and to be mindful that they're not afraid to push it to the limit. The point that Liz Cheney made this point, several other people made this point, which is you don't just get to ignore court rulings, you dislike, you have to appeal them.


Now on issue on a lot of issues, that's what they're doing, right? They are appealing 'em Including this One, including this one. And so they are appealing them. They are seeming to have some respect for the process. So there are some signs that that is if not fragile, temporary, like different memos from from legal officials inside the DOJ and other parts administration explaining why this court ruling doesn't need to be followed in certain ways. To me, I like have two broad categories that I'm, I'm I'm concerned about. One is they take a signal case, they take it all the way to the Supreme Court, Supreme Court rules against them and they violate it. Either they violate it explicitly or they violate it implicitly by putting some kind of a legal, a just some kind of way of making, of claiming to abide by about actually ignoring it.


Very worried about that. That is terrifying day-to-day. What I've been thinking about is, you know, Trump is trying to do all this activist shit inside of these agencies. That's his prerogative as president, right? To put people in place, they're gonna execute what he wants them to do. And inside these agencies, they're putting in place Trump loyal lawyers, some of them gonna be better than others, some of 'em gonna be more conservative than others. Conservative small C. And the question is, how, how much are those lawyers the outside of the spotlight, in the day-to-day work, grinding work of these agencies? How much are they gonna worry about legal challenges from states attorneys general from outside advocates and groups, from individuals, from employees? How much are they gonna make decisions the way previous administrations would have in one way or another, being guided by the fear of lawsuits?


Because they know practically they just can't fight everything all the time, all at once. They have to make decisions about where they're gonna push harder and where they're gonna be willing to not take legal risk. And, and what I don't know in watching this right now is over time, will they become less concerned about those kinds of risks because of rhetoric from JD Vance and because of the actions of the higher level people inside the administration? I think right now we don't know. And that's really nerve wracking because that daily check on the power of the, of the administration, that kind of risk aversion of lawyers is like really, really, really important. The slightly optimistic version of this, and I don't share this view really, is that there was sort of a, a willful or maybe accidental misreading of what the judge said because it was a little bit sloppily worded or confusingly worded.


And some people were interpreting, his ruling is saying even the Secretary of the Treasury did not have access to the treasury payment system, which is like kind of self-evidently ridiculous. I think what he actually meant was the treasury secretary could not give unauthorized people access to this payment system Yes. Within treasury. And you're right, like fight it out in court. But I, I think my takeaway from this, which drove me nuts, is that Trump, JD Vance, Elon Musk, even like the far right fringe like Alex Jones, it doesn't matter how much power they have, they can have the White House, the congress, the courts, the media, social media, they're always the victims and they're always whining about how they're being attacked. And it's unfair and like going after these judges.


And it just, it drives me crazy. And I'm just hoping, I'm hoping that they will rub voters the wrong way just to hear them bitching and moaning all The time. I mean, they have vanquished Congress, right? Congress has given up any kind of resistance to the president, truly just abdicated power because it's controlled by Republicans. And so they've got congress and you know, they're feeling pretty good about the country and where public opinion is. And I think they have decided that the judiciary is the last obstacle, the last villain left you, You missed one, which is the media which they now view as an unnecessary, a sort of like a kind of ignorable component Yes. For just adding that. Yeah, for sure. Just for sadness's sake, right? And, and some of that is look, the, you know, the, the attacks on the media, but some of it is just the, the balkanization of the media, which we've talked about a million times.


So Yeah, definitely. And so offensive word Balkanization, shame on you. It's Trump's president. It's fine. And so they're going to it, it's interesting, there's two tracks here, right? There's the, the legal track where they, you know, right now they are trying to come up with an agreement, the, the, the defendants and the plaintiffs here and trying to work out who, who gets access, who, how, you know, all this. And the judge is like, I'll give you till Monday night and you can do that. So the, it's proceeding along normally, right? Exactly. Yeah. But the public relations component of this, the messaging component is everyone in MAGA world and Doge world and everything just attacking the shit out of these judges and saying that they're corrupt and they're awful and we should, and Elon Musk being like, we should vote judges out.


I mean it's very, so the danger to me is maybe not necessarily in what happens in this individual case, right? Although maybe it is, but the now we are turning, turning the guns toward the judiciary system and turning everyone's fire towards the judiciary system on the right and on the, and like that's where I think it's dangerous. I think it's act Look, I think there's, I mean, judges have been murdered. Yeah, I would in the past you was physically scared. Romney talked about, but they're physically scared. I think that's real. I think that they're being cowed into making more, less far reaching rulings. Yep. But then you look at Elon, it's just also some of this is just like God, the combination of just like the malevolence, but the idiocy. It's like they should be impeached. And it's like, do you know, do you know that that word is just to launch a trial?


You understand that, that the Senate can't, won't convict. Have you thought about this? Did you not care? You just, just, just firing off notions in, in a fit of peak. 'cause these judges will not be removed. Just the Senate willful, there's no two thirds votes to Remove these senators. Willful ignorance. He doesn't care. He's so, he's like, I'm smart about rockets and cars and so I must be smart about everything else. And if I don't know about it, who the fuck cares If, if I don't know, it doesn't matter. It's not important. And actually it shouldn't be important. Right? It's embarrassing. It's embarrassing that you care about that. The the other like there's this back and forth between Elon and, and Lawrence Summers who was treasury secretary among those several treasury secretaries that wrote in the New York Times declaring that democracy's under siege 'cause of what they're doing and like institutional Move of the week And then Yeah, sure.


And then like institutions, defending institutions inside of creaking institutions. But the Yeah, institutions and institutions getting institutions. But the Atlantic was like, damn, we should have got That byline. Yeah, God dammit, The New York Times, that's it. One's where we eat, but like watching them go back and forth. It's like Elon, it's just like kind of false hood that he probably believes, you know, like if we don't get this outta control, spending under control America will be bankrupt. And it's like, well first of all, no actually if we don't get U-S-A-I-D under control, we'll be fucking fine because that's not where spending is. And also, okay, let's say there is fraud. You know, there's this little bit of like Lar Summers has to do this. Larry Summers has to do this where he goes like version of like, I love your passion, hate fraud myself.


And it's like if you, like, if you show up at a police station and say, I was really worried about crime in my neighborhood, so I arrested some people, they're all in my trunk. The cops aren't like, love your passion. They're like, you're arrested because that's not how we do it. The cops are like, I also think crime is important. Yeah. Just letting you know, Thank you so much on the district. Don't want you to think that we don't respect how much you take crime seriously. 'cause we do too. You'll be like, are you insane? That's not how we do this. And like this idea that like, because there might be fraud somewhere in the government, you can send a group of fucking neophytes deep within the bowels of government to cut off into payments. Is it is absurd on its face. Anyway, we have to like indulge this idea that like, now we don't take stalking, waste fraud and abuse very seriously. Well no, I saw, you know, I, I I don't, I Don't think he's saying the wrong thing.


It's, I Had, I think it's the right messaging. Like I know Me too. I'm not, it's my own. This Is my own, Ana was doing this earlier. I know like, you don't wanna seem like you're opposed to government efficiency, but obviously now they're just rampaging through like the government Venmo and, and shutting shit off left and right. It is. I'm not saying they're wrong, I'm just lamenting our situation. Me too. No, I, I love it. I felt the same way. 'cause I've seen the messaging memos and it's like, you know, the young, young people Gen Z, they like Doge and what Elon's doing because, you know, they don't see, they see government as sclerotic and inefficient and they like the move fast and break things ethos, and they want to get stuff done and they like the results. And it's like, yeah, we, yes, of course we all want that. We all know that government is slow. We all know that government can be inefficient.


We all know that the bureaucracy can be bloated. We all worked in the fucking White House. We tried to reorganize the government, we tried to find efficiency. It's hard to do. And honestly, Some of this is pretty annoying because it's some of the stuff we should have done, right? Yeah, Yeah. You Know, you could do some of this and then you just gotta talk zito. You're like, I, I could dig these doja cats. God. Oh my God, that was horrible. Oh no, that was fucking horrible. They Got good vibes. Jesus Christ, Jesus. They're just not, Not going about it the right Way. Yeah. Gonna throw, throw a no cap on the other that no Cap. Fuck. Anyway, fuck. This is why we're losing the fuck. Yeah. The any, yeah, the technology in the federal government, least when we were there, sucked It. Gateway computers, gateway gateway, computers Gateway. Remember health, healthcare.gov gateway Computers. You had no, there was no service in the, in the basement of the West Wing.


No, you couldn't use your phone. 'cause there was no service. The gateway computers. So you just had to sit there. Five, five bars of the OEOB though. But anyway, the fact that, you know, you're right. That the fact that you have to do that now, all of that throat clearing before you're like, but you know what, it is bad that when everyone has signed off on a payment, Congress has mandated it by law and everyone's fine with it. Then some random 19-year-old racist, maybe it was not racist. 26-year-old Racist big balls is not racist. 26-year-old Racist, 25-year-old, racist, whatever it was. Six. The guy who thinks that all the, all the Indians should either go back to India or be automated out of a job. Sorry, that that guy Yeah, they're in charge of just cutting off payments now. That's what we, that's what, that's how we fix waste and fraud.


Well, the reason I bring it up is only because, like, I do think, like, as we talk about how to talk about this, part of it is that like we have a, like there's a, there's a lot of ways in which we're kind of doomed to speak this way right now because we all kind of understand that there's a lot of people that just don't trust Democrats at all. And so like we, we have, we have this like extra step we need to take to kind of like, I dunno, figure out over time to claw back some credibility. But like, Trump doesn't have to do that when he talks about a democratic prerogative, right? He is always like, no, they're making some good points. No, he just says they're fucking criminals.


Pod Save America is brought to you by Aura Frames. We all know someone who loves taking photos, but all those pictures are just wasting way on their phone or on the cloud. Start putting them to good use with a unique, stylish digital picture frame from Aura Frames. It was named the number one digital picture frame by Wirecutter and for a good reason, it's so easy to set up and they have different frame options. Share photos or videos from any device and they will instantly appear on the frame. No memory card required. Add unlimited photos and videos and as invite as many people as you want to A frame. There are absolutely no hidden fees or subscriptions. Upload videos up to 30 seconds long and your favorite live iPhone photos will play right on the frame. The embedded speaker can play audio on demand. Takes about two minutes to set up a frame using the Aura app. You have complete control over who has access to your frame. And the AA app lets you share photos more securely than with email, which many other digital frames require. Aura Frames have meticulously calibrated high resolution displays. Unless you look really closely or see photos transition, you'd never know it's a screen. This is true. I know this because we got one for my parents for Christmas and then I went to their house and I saw it set up. I set it up for them. So I bought the present, took it outta the box, set it up with their website, put all the pictures on it. They opened it, they loved it. And then I went to their house and I thought it was just a picture frame. Wow. I didn't know that it was the Aura. It's so good. It's, it's beautiful. It's great. The best part is that it comes with unlimited storage. All you need is the free Aura app and a wifi connection. And you can upload as many photos and videos as you want year round. Right now you can save on the perfect gift that keeps on giving by visiting Aura Frames dot com. For a limited time, listeners can get $20 off their bestselling carver mat frame with code crooked. That's a URA frames.com promo code crooked. Don't forget to mention that we sent you to show your support for the show. Terms and conditions apply.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard? I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Well, the post Washington Post had a pretty eye-opening piece about Elon's big picture plans. They quote an anonymous, US official is saying, quote, the end goal is replacing the human workforce with machines. Everything that can be machine automated will be, yeah, it seems like that Doge is also trying to shut down the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB. Newly confirmed. OMB Director Russ Vote, installed himself as head of the agency and immediately shut down the building. Told staff to stop pretty much all of their work and suspended its funding. Meanwhile, the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, announced on Friday that it would be making huge cuts to the grants. They provide scientists, researchers, and universities to come up with all kinds of scientific and medical breakthroughs.


The spokesperson for Doge called this quote, doing away with liberal DEI, Dean's Slush Fund. The former dean of Harvard Medical School, who was not a squishy liberal, said the move would cause harm and chaos. And that quote, a sane government would never do this. Huh? That that, that's correct. Yeah, That is, yeah. Very true. Even Senator Katie Britt, a Republican who flew with Trump on Air Force one on Sunday and who state hosts major research institutions, told the local reporter the next day that quote, this is a great quote, A smart targeted approach is needed in order not to hinder lifesaving groundbreaking research at high achieving institutions like those in Alabama. That's a, she really stepped outta line there.


That's pretty courageous. That's bold. I I made me think of her State of the union response. Simpler times, just Screaming. She's That kitchen in That, then she's like, oh, you're, you're losing your state's largest institution. They're getting gut budget cuts. And she's like, ah, we might need a smart targeted approach. Not even like the one that we have. She didn't even say this approach is wrong and we need a better one. We just, just, we need a smart targeted approach. Everyone. Thanks Katie. Just, just want everyone just wanna flag that. And right before we started recording a federal judge in Massachusetts blocked the NIH cuts. So we'll now see if the Trump folks appeal that ruling. So we know that most voters generally support cutting government waste trimming federal budget.


It does seem to me like gutting cancer research and a consumer watchdog that takes on big banks and credit card companies is potentially the first like really unpopular fight Yeah. That Doge has picked. What do you guys think? Pick this fight. I'm shocked by how stupid this is. I mean, the, what NIH is saying is that grant recipients can spend only 15% of their grant money on so-called indirect costs. But indirect costs are the building where you work maintenance for your lab, the microscope support staff, help supplies help you comply with safety regulations. And like the, the big, you know, like evil DEI institutions like Harvard, they could probably eat that 15%. They, they can deal with this, but the smaller research institutions at smaller schools, they're just gonna get forced to shut down.


And that's why you're hearing Katie Britt weigh in on this. Although that fucking moron Tommy Tuberville is like, I support the Doge cuts and everything they're doing, but He doesn't know where he's, it's Not just a long, he Also hated the halftime show. It's not just, that's also from that same interview, I believe It's not just the long term impact on medical research and finding cures and all the things we want, you know, medical research to do it. The University of Alabama at Birmingham is the largest employer in the state. Right? Yeah. So this is gonna like ripple out into their economy in a big way. And also, it's not like the NIH budget is some runaway fiscal disaster. The, the bulwark reported that the NIH budget adjusted for inflation is about what it was at the beginning of the Obama administration. The, We we spend, look, this is, this is part of the problem too of the, like, this is obviously not considered a distraction according to the experts.


So we're allowed to talk about it. Oof. But this is the problem where we're like, you only, you're only supposed to talk about things in the prescribed correct ways because you never get into like the deep substance of the argument like this. I imagine like you're not, like for example, like, hey, buns and burner fucking overhead costs not a problem. This was not a problem. We had overhead costs for scientific research, scientific research that can be described as being silly. This is just not a problem. America has some, some money that goes towards scientific research is gonna come to nothing. That's the point of it. That's why you do experiments. Some of it doesn't work. Some of it sounds silly and then leads to amazing and magical things. Like if you were Starting a rocket company and some of the rockets exploded in the air Exactly. And didn't reach The moon. If you're not, listen, if, if you're, if you're making every flight at the airport, you're going to the airport too early.


And if all your scientific research is producing positive results, you're not taking enough risk on scientific research. Isn't That from Larry Summers? Isn't that that is a Larry Summers thing. Yes. That's And I I've heard that from him in person. Yes. Which is that I was thinking over the weekend that I would love someone to describe to the, the Doge bags in Elon that they have found this loan guarantee for this green New deal, DEI car company that we need to cut immediately. And it's basically just the Tesla alone, what we did, see what happened, kill it. They would've killed It. The there Sam Stein at the Bulwark were really a, a, a bulwark freaks today. But the, he had a story that basically a lot of these Republican Congress people who are not saying anything publicly, they're constituents.


Many of, many of some of whom are federal employees, others just have concerns about what's happening in their districts are, are getting letters from Republicans saying, I too am concerned about the way in which this is being implemented. I too have concerned about the freeze. I too am worried about the pri your privacy. And there was a, a, a Republican member of the house today that I think one of the, for the first time making the point that that congress congress's approval on certain decisions isn't just a good thing to have or a nice thing to have. It is a legally necessary thing to have, whether it's cutting budgets or eliminating the Department of Education that the president simply does not have the right to do anything. So I do think that like the, the first step is not, I, like I agree with you that Republicans in Congress have largely just sort of given up.


But I think we have to just continue like that there are gonna be some places where normal politics is still working. And those letters to me are a sign that like there are Republicans in closely divided districts that are worried about this shit, that are worried about losing their jobs. And that's important. That's good. That's a good thing. Like, You know, is Katie Britain any danger in Alabama? Maybe not. But there's this woman who is a, a research professor at University of North Carolina and she was posting over the weekend that this could like decimate their children's hospital, their outpatient care. She said the first canceled grant hitting our department that I've heard of was for new interventions supporting NICU patients and parents. These are like newborn babies in the ICU. Like the, just the idea that this, like the damage that this is gonna cause.


And I do think, you know, Tom Tillis, he's up in 2026, he should fucking care about that. He's in North Carolina represents the Research triangle. Yeah. I mean, But I do think that everyone's like, what do we do? What do we do? I think elevating more of these stories as we find them. And I would suggest like everyone out there who has these stories, whether it's about medical research, whether it's about any of the other, the, the funding freeze that has been unfrozen but is not really unfrozen and Head Start programs, people are still having problems with like just, you know, you gotta tell your stories and pass on the stories. Send your stories in. Because I do think the more we make this about like the people who are feeling these effects or who are worried or who are experts in these fields, scientists, the teachers, all these other, you know, instead of just like federal bureaucrats, which of course, you know, don't have the best approval rating, then the more it's gonna hurt.


Yeah. The other part of it too is like politically yes, well both, but the, the like for like the inflation reduction act freeze is starting to hit farmers who oh yeah. Decided to take a chance on one of these programs, right? There's all kinds of conservation programs that involved required investment. They made the investments and all of a sudden they're not getting the payments they expected. It's risking their farms, it's risking their families livelihoods. And like that's, that's a real consequence. And there are plenty of partisan people who are pretending it's actually not Trump's fault or trying to alli the fact that it's a political decision made by Trump and that it's the government that's failing them. There are a lot of, I think people that want that to be the case, even though everything on some level, everyone understands what's going on here.


And like, you can't deny like there's only so much Trump can do to deny that reality. And so making sure people understand that reality is really important. There's other, one more point I wanted to make about this, which I, I like, is like, how do we talk about the fact that they're doing this? You know, CFPB, one of the most effective government agencies done a tell incredible amount of good $800 million budget by the way. And $20 billion returned in like eggs to consumers Exactly what you would want. Government not perfect makes mistakes I'm sure, but like exactly what you would want your government just a tribune for working people against the rapacious giant financial corporations. Trump has sent all those people home.


They're still getting paid. So Donald Trump's right cost efficiency is he's basically given a snow day to federal officials because he, because they don't like certain parts of what the government is doing. 'cause 'cause they, because they attended a diversity training in, in 2014 somewhere. And so Right now the American people are paying government workers to sit at home instead of go after big banks, try to cure diseases, try to prevent diseases in foreign countries, whatever it may be. Those people are still getting paid in their houses. Like I do not understand. Like that to me is, they're not worth mentioning. At Least they're not tainting our federal government with their wokeness. Yeah. Doing all This under, under the guise of that DEI attack is so pathetic.


This also it's, it is entirely outta the project 2025 playbook. And I do think it helps to remind people of this. Yeah, I saw, I saw people referring to the halftime show as a DEI halftime show, which is I think calling, which is sort of drawing a little too much attention to what the word DEI is really standing in for. Yeah. Now. Yeah, no, now it's just any person of color or woman who has any kind of position of authority or influence is DEI. Yeah. That's just, that's that's the new thing now. Yeah. Benny Johnson, the T-P-U-S-A plagiarist tweeted, Hey, NFL, it's Trump was elected. We're not gonna pretend we like bad halftime shows anymore. And I was like, yes. People famously never complain about the halftime show. So Twitter was invented for you.


I Really, it is going back to your point though. They're, they just, they, they're The victims all the time To, if they, if they have nothing to complain about, they have nothing, you know? Yeah. If, if they can't be, if they can't complain about how they've been put upon, you're in charge guys how much power they have. You're in charge, have all the money, all the power. Two last things here both related to worthless coins. Trump announced that he was ordering the mint to stop producing the penny. And the grounds that it will, it cost well more than a penny to produce them. And no one likes dealing with them. Our future 51st State Canada banned the penny in 2014. Everything seems to be fine there except for the fact that America's gonna take it over separately. The New York Times did an investigation into the Trump meme coin and how early investors and the Trump family made millions from the meme coin while everyone else lost tons.


Let's start with the penny. Love it. Thoughts on the demise of the penny. Shocker. I have previously held deep thoughts about this. Mm. Which is not only, so obviously people are pointing out that the penny costs 4 cents to make, that's obviously stupid. Nichols cost 14 cents to make now. Yes, probably percentage. The penny is more expensive per penny. But in just for each nickel, it's a 9 cent loser. Here's what we should do every day. Get Rid of the nickels too. What we should do is we should go, what we have now, this you have to go a little bit further. Just you stick with me. Don't take my quarter. We need, we should go from penny nickel dime quarter and we should be moving to a 10 cent piece, a 20 cent piece and a 50 cent piece that is the correct denominations. And then all prices should no longer be to the hundredth place they should be to the 10th place.


That is the answer. Trump is doing a kind of compromise, but leaving the dumb nickel in place, which has the most overrated founder on it. Who is Thomas Jefferson? Now here's what's interesting. Until 1857, there was a half penny. That was when we had the half penny, then the half penny was gotten rid of. So the penny's been our smallest denomination for a very, very long time. From 1913 to 2024, inflation has increased the value of the dollar by 30 times. Right. Which means if the penny was the lowest denomination, if 1913, we could get by with a 30 cent coin today. Right. I don't think that's necessary, but we should go to a nickel, a 20 cent piece and a 50 cent piece. That's the answer. And that's what I, that that's how Democrats can have their own positive agenda.


You know, if you, if you pass that idea along to Elon and the, and the Doge bags, I might, you might end up being in charge of the US mint. They might put you, you might be able to mint all the money yourself Could be there. Manetta. I'll get in there. I'll get in there and I'll put it on bat in about you. Never You say Norman Manetta. Yeah. He was a token lib and a conservative. I Thought he was the transportation. Oh yeah. He was the to But he was the token. He was a token Republican. Republican and a Democratic administration. Who would I be? Yeah. Hood. Sorry. Oh yeah. No, but who would the, who is Token Tul? Who? The you RT That's right. R FK Jr. I Have a lot. Listen, I got a lot of good ideas and I, and I, and I can, and I can show myself able to work with some pretty broy guys. The whole thing, the whole thing would save you like $80 million. The penny thing. This is a very, it's like I know fucking it's No, no.


The penny's billions. The Penny's billions. I was, I I thought that the, I read that the savings was 80 million. I I don't know. I don't know how they're, how they're, how they're netting that out. The Penny. 85 million each year. Huh? It Is funny what you loans 5 million each raging about these small sums of money and little changes. And he gets 15 billion in contracts from the US government. Oh, I'm tell you something. Here's the mistake. By the way, Obama, we made 3 billion pennies. Okay. There. That, that was my mistake is Obama Wanted to do this. Obama expressed his support for this in a, in a 2013 interview. He got cowed by the fucking deep state. And He said, he said, this is not gonna be a huge savings for government. He was Right. But anytime we're spending more money on something that people don't actually use, that's an example of something we should probably change. He should be in Doge. Huh? Look at that guy wanting to cut costs. Leave, leave a hero live long enough to become a villain.


I don't know how that whole thing went down. I remember, I think Cody Keenan, who's speech writer after we left, was like on this very podcast once telling us about how there was a, a request to get it into the State of the Union. The penny thing. Yeah. It was like a whole thing. I'm sure some I'm the deep state probably killed it. Well there's, there's a, there's a, I think there's like a, there's a, there's a, there's a few, there was a couple hiccups. There's an Illinois problem. I think the nickel thing comes up. The nickel thing comes up. There's a, there's a, there's a lobbyist involved. You know, government doesn't work. Tommy, tell us about, you know, well, you know who it works for, works for Donald Trump. Billion Musk. Tell, tell us about the shitcoin, the Trump shit coin. Yeah. I Mean there was a report over the weekend in the New York Times. Well, we, well, let me back up. You guys might remember just before the inauguration when Donald Trump announced the, the sale of a meme coin Trump coin, I think it was the next day Melania announced the sale of her Melania coin.


So the price skyrocketed, then it fell. People accused him of a rug pole. It was this whole kind of weird grifting thing that was happening on the sidelines. You use A rug. What a rug pull is basically you launch the thing, the price got skyrockets, you get out on the, on the, when it's high and then you, the whole thing falls, Starts. Yeah. You own most of it. You market it heavily and then you sell a bunch of your shares of whatever the thing is. And the people who bought in late get screwed. And the people who own them early make a lot of money. Kinda like the hawk to a coin for those were big fans of the HK to a podcast. The New York Times over the weekend reported that as of last week, at least 810,000 people have lost money on the Trump coin.


But the Trump family and its partners have made nearly $109 million in fees. 'cause they get paid every time you buy and sell it. Also, the Trump, a Trump owned business owns 80% of the supply. So if they wanted to sell a bunch of their coins, they could make a lot of money. Also, there's all this shady shit that was happening. There was some mystery account that bought millions of Trump coins just minutes after they were offered for like, you know, 19 cents or whatever and then flipped them for a profit of what they think is about $109 million. So it is just this massive grift happening in plain sight. And it kind of ties into our CFPB conversation earlier. 'cause getting rid of the CFPB means you're gonna have small community banks regulated by a different set of regulators.


Big banks no longer have a regulator 'cause they're all regulated by the CFPB. And then you have these, this proliferation of bank-like companies that provide bank-like services but are not backed by the FDIC. They're so deposit insurance and aren't regulated well. So it's just like the wild, wild west of like blockchain, you know, mumbo jumbo bullshit. Do the big but the do the big banks still, they're, they're still regulated by Dodd-Frank stuff, right? They are. But the Dodd-Frank pushed all the regulatory authority. There's A lot of, a lot of sounds Like this zombie set of laws without an agency to enforce it. Yeah. There's a lot of the consumer protections run out of CFPB and if that's, if the CB is no longer enforcing those laws, the other agencies that have purview over the banks don't suddenly pick up the slack.


They're not in charge with those. They do a lot of the other systemic regulations, but they're that, Don't worry, they also wanna get rid of the FDIC. So that's, that's their Oh, that's a great, that's their, that's on their agenda as well. But even, even in just sort of normal, a normal year, the CFPV would modify rules to account for inflation or when the pandemic hit, they made a bunch of changes just to account for the economic shock that was happening. And now there's just, there isn't a agency to exist to do that. Well, the other thing too Is these like financial institutions are raptors testing the fences and they see this happening. And no, I think a lot of the more serious and big financial institutions are not, some of them do just explicitly break the law as they see fit. But in most cases what they'll do is be like, huh, that thing we were gonna maybe try, but we're afraid the CFPB might stop.


Let's just fucking go for it. Let's offer a new product that has lower interest, but not tell our customers about it so they don't accidentally have more interest. Like there's a bunch of shit that these banks can pull. Yes. Well it it's like little stuff. Just like one example is like overdraft protection. Like I remember, I remember standing outside the Iowa Obama for America office and screaming at Bank of America because they had let me buy like seven coffees and overdraw my account every single time and then charge me a, a courtesy fee of like 25, then escalated to $35 each time. Rather than just being like, bro, you have no money. And cutting off the transaction, not letting it through. And apparently the CFPB when it was created, there was someone who worked at a bank talking about how their institution kind of reformed their ways of, of, you know, charging those fees because they were worried the CFPB was gonna come after them.


So the mere existence of this agency was protecting consumers. And now it will just be gone. I, I got hit with so many overdraft fees when I was a Senate staffer. Worse, not making a lot of money happen all the time. I am just thinking about Donald Trump and Melania launching a shit coin that made them a hundred million dollars. Well, a bunch of people get screwed. And then there is that, that that professor at UNC who's like, oh, you know, we're just, we're we're, we're trying to do research to make sure we can keep babies alive in the nicu but no more, can't do that anymore. And then the, the fucking like $2 malaria nets that we're not sending, I know. To protect kids in Africa anymore. 'cause we've destroyed U-S-A-I-D and the $400 million in food assistance that is now gonna, that, that people are just gonna starve.


And they're like, I'm making a what the Fuck. Well, also it's like even just do the, do like the apples to apples right now they're figuring out how to extend the Trump ca Like what is the cause of America's budget deficit? The cause of the American budget deficit are the Bush tax cuts. The Trump tax cuts, the military Social security, Medicare, Medicaid. That's it. Woke him and woke him. But like fucking, you know, DEI expensive chemical showers at the fucking scientific institute is not our problem. Yeah. It's all the, it's all the money we're spending to turn turn animal trans animals. Trans. Too many, Too many. Yeah. That's What, that's what, that's what senator Too many non-binary frogs In India. That's the problem. All right, before we wrap, we do have a couple of news stories that broke while we were recording.


Oh, good. Trump has signed an executive order to bring back plastic straws. God love it though. Honestly. Why did you give him that? Liberals, you know, fucking paper straws. You know what unpopular opinion fuck plastic straws. They'd stuck in turtle's noses. Come on. Just suck it up. Use the paper. We've beaten the, there's cellulose straws. Paper straws. Terrible. That's Good. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do the, the centrist position Here. Oh my god, you don't need a straw. I'm fine. I know, I'm fine. I like the paper straws, the no straws, the and no straws at all. You like The paper straws? I don't want no straws. Yeah. What else Want straws? We have more news. The Justice Department reportedly is going to drop charges against New York. Mayor Eric Adams. Fuck off. Come. Which, which hunt Can I'm Surprised on that one. No, that one was coming. If You're a criminal, but you say nice things, it's Donald Trump.


You're not a criminal anymore. I wanna go find my prediction that he's gonna end up as Homeland Security Secretary. I just want you to go, I've predicted that last year I See you Christie Nome And Trump has pardoned Rob Lovich. Oh, Okay. Wow. There's a blast. That was a blast from the past. Didn't he commute last time? Haven't about him in a while. Time Did he He did. He has commuted him. Has commuted him in the past. So This just got a wipe in the record. He was on the Apprentice because he let him out. He let him out. What is this? At least one dead after two jets collide on a runway in Scottsdale Airport in Arizona. What the the air travel guys? I don't want think about it. That I don't want think about it. Well, He'll be driving around the country on a bus. Guys, Adrian, what else you got you on news? I mean, we've got a lot. If you check it out, there's a lot of what Trump said. I'm nothing in Flathead said yes if you had to PSA news monitoring.


Oh, I see. He's, yeah, he's looking at this. Oh, we can't do the press conference. That's too much. No, that's Too much. Well, it's a lot. You know what? Tune in Dana and I'll cover some of this on Friday. Everyone Else More is the story to go. Everyone Else enjoy your Tuesday. Okay. When we come back from the break, you're gonna hear my conversation with strict scrutinies Leah Lipman about how the courts might or might not be able to stop Trump and Musk. Two quick things before we do that. A Crooked Media Reads is proud to be publishing woodworking, the fantastic debut novel from Yellowjackets writer and culture critic Emily St. James. It is out March 4th. The story follows a trans high school teacher from a small town in South Dakota who befriends the only other trans woman she knows one of her students. Woodworking is your, it says right here, woodworking is your much needed breather from everything else.


Yeah, that's good. Yeah, it's well said. Actually, I remember when our CEO Lucinda first read woodworking as we were thinking about like, do we want this to be part of Crooked Media reads? And she was like, read it in a day and was like, this is one of the best day. Literally. She like wouldn't stop talking About it. Yeah. I also do think too, like, I think about it like what, how much trans attention you see on like Fox News versus how many trans people you see on Fox News? And the answer is none ever. And like, this is just like the term woodworking is like the description of this character's experience of being trans. And I think it is worth spending time thinking about the perspective of trans people because so often they are objects of our debate. And look at this, if you're in LA Love it.


And Emily are gonna have a conversation about woodworking and a book signing at Skylight books on Friday, March 7th. Hell yeah. Love skylight books. You can, you can. Where is Skylight Books? It's in Los Village. Oh, okay, cool. You can learn more at crooked.com/books. And speaking of LA events, love or Leave It Records live every week everywhere, right here in LA 12 new show dates from now throughMay@crooked.com slash events. We are having such a good time at these live shows. Come say hi, we have some really big guests lined up and you'll you just, the stuff we cut. It's unbelievable. It's Unbelievable. Where do people get tickets? Oh, Crooked.com/events. There You go. When we come back, Leah Lipman


Pod Save America is brought to you by Policy Genius. Talk about the importance of planning for the future and ensuring your legacy. What financial life goals do you have? Just just getting to the end, you know, sharing any planning tips that could resonate with your audience. So here's the thing. Planning for life insurance is important and no one ever wants to think about it. But you know what, think about your family. They're gonna, they're gonna need life insurance. They're gonna need you to have life insurance. More specifically. You bet. So you should plan early. Protect your family by securing their future with life insurance from Policy Genius. Policy Genius makes finding and buying life insurance simple and ensures your loved ones have a financial safety net they can use to cover debts and routine expenses or even invest that money to earn interest over time. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. I got life insurance. You know, again, did I thought it was like important to put off, don't wanna do it, didn't wanna think about it. And then you get it. You're like, oh yeah, that's, that's a good idea and you gotta have it. And the good news is Policy Genius makes it super easy. Everybody Dies. At least for now. For now, for now. That's right. Compare quotes from America's top Insure until we're all, we all get the, the, you know we're the the Neuralink or something. Yeah, I've already be Uploaded. Elon helps us live forever. He's not gonna help us live forever. Yeah, I mean maybe for our price. Upload me Elon. I'm ready. Take me now And if not, compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with no hidden fees. Their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast So you can get on with your life. They answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. Join thousands of happy policy genius customers who left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. Secure your families tomorrow So you have peace of mind today. Head to PolicyGenius dot com slash crooked or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash crooked.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard? I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justice is within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Joining us today are friendly Leah Lipman from the best legal podcast on the planet strict scrutiny. Welcome back. Thanks for having me on this joyous occasion with Your look at your book behind you. For those of you just listening, Leah has a new book coming out. It's called Lawless. You wanna give us a little quick plug? Yeah. So subtitle will kinda give you a sense how the Supreme Court runs on conservative grievance, fringe theories and bad vibes. Basically how the court is just implementing the worst parts of the Republican party's platform targeting different groups that aren't part of the modern Republican coalition and doing so by just declaring their feelings. The hurt feelings quote the law. And when is it out? It is out may but you can pre-order it now. Go pre-order it, everyone do it.


Now speaking of bad vibes, I wanna start by teeing you up to respond to something that I just know you have strong feelings about. Here's the headline. Trump is testing our constitutional system. It's doing fine. Oh My God, I knew, I know the pieces by Harvard law professor Noah Feldman. And here's the part I'd love to hear your thoughts on. Quote Trump who did not ignore court orders in his first term, is unlikely to defy a judicial decision. No matter how conservative the justices in the Supreme Court majority might be. Their primary identity comes from their role as interpreters of the Constitution and laws.


They might tolerate a lot from Trump, but they won't tolerate defiance of the authority of the judiciary. What do you think? How's your blood pressure? So for those of you not watching the video, my eyes are literally bugging outta my face at this point. This is why you should go to Michigan for law school rather than Harvard side note. One, the idea that everything is working, the system is working, is just so divorced from reality. It is difficult to relay that. I mean, even if courts are striking down some of what Trump is doing, the damage he's wreaking on the infrastructure of the federal government is profound. Right? Like scaring away all of these civil servants letting these doge, whatevers like infiltrate the treasury Department.


These are things that have already happened and that courts are not going to be able to claw back. And so, so that's just like a first step. Now the idea that Donald Trump is just going to respect all of these court orders aged really well over like seven days, let's say as his vice president, right? Took to the media floating the idea that he had floated four years earlier, right? If you had bothered to be remotely online when he was suggesting that Donald Trump fire every member of the civil servant and basically tell the Supreme Court, you know, you made your decision. Try and enforce it and they're already floating, right? As he did previously. The suggestion that they weren't going to obey various court orders that told them no, you can't do wildly illegal things.


So I can't say the system is working super well right now is kind of the TLDR JD Vance's tweet and we'll get into the case in a second, but his tweet the, the, the, the money line was judges aren't allowed to control the executives legitimate power. Now I didn't go to law school nor did I even take the LSATs and get a good score like John Lovett, but I guess that is maybe technically true in that if the power is legitimate, they can't control it. But like who decides if the power's legitimate? Well, so this isn't even a question about courts being in a position to decide all of the questions in our legal system.


It is about the fact that the executive branch is subject to the law. And in these cases that law is really fucking clear. It is directly compelled by the lawmaker in our constitutional system Congress who told the executive branch like, no, you don't just get to not spend whatever money you don't like that we appropriate or Right. The constitution is unusually clear. Like in the case of birthright citizenship. So this is an instance where it's not about courts being good or awesome or constitutional caretakers, it's just about whether the executive branch is subject to the law. And there are so many foundational court cases that obviously tell presidents to not do things or to do things right.


Like one of the biggest presidential power cases is a case called Youngstown where the Supreme Court told President Truman, no, you can't just seize the steel mills. And JD Vance of course has been praising Supreme Court decisions that told Democratic presidents they can't do things like, for example, the immunity ruling that let Donald Trump get off scot-free for attempting a coup first time around. He was describing that as a massive win, right? For the rule of law. Even though that decision told the executive branch, you cannot prosecute a former president for official acts. So he knows right? This is horseshit and yes, right, it it is wildly inconsistent with basic premises of our constitutional system.


I I'm not gonna ask you to like predict what the Supreme Court might do, but like how do you think JD Vance's tweet or his view of the power that the executive holds will land with even this Supreme court? And I'm thinking particularly of like Roberts Kavanaugh, Amy Coney Barrett, like who knows what Alito and Alito and Thomas will probably like. Yeah, you're right. You got it. We'll just, we'll go on vacation on our private jets. Yeah, so a few things I don't think it is going to hit well with those guys and it's not gonna hit well for any number of reasons. One is that JD Vance is essentially claiming the power not just of Congress, right, to make laws, defies laws, but hear the power of the courts right?


To again enforce laws that Congress has made. And these guys on the Supreme Court, they are judicial supremacists, right? Like they think they have the power to decide all things. And so having some weird dweeb like JD Vance tell them, right? Like no, you don't actually get to have your fingers in all the cookie jars is not going to go over well with them. And so I don't think right, they are going to be cool with this. And there are going to be certain cases where again, the law is just sufficiently clear whether we're talking about federal statutes or the constitution and what the Trump administration is trying to do is just wildly destabilizing in other ways.


Like where you had the executive branch saying we're not actually going to spend federal money that Congress has appropriated. Like that's horrible for the rule of law, like even for finance bros. Like it's bad when the federal government doesn't pay out money that Congress said it would. So it's not even like this is a big conflict of interest for them when they're thinking about rule of law and like my rich friends. So the ruling that seems to have really set them all off in in MAGA world over the weekend came from US District Judge Paul Engle Mayer, in response to a lawsuit brought by state attorneys general over access to the treasury payment system, the judge issued an order that said only career officials who've had the proper training can access the system, not Elon and the Doge bags.


And some Trump folks interpreted the ruling to mean that even treasury Secretary Scott Bessant wasn't allowed to access the system. Though it seems like at least as of this recording then another federal judge has given the Department of Justice and the state ag some time to work out an agreement over who gets access to the payment system. And the DOJ says that so far they are, despite JD Vance's tweets, they are abiding by the order. Is this a case where the actual legal process looks different or at least I wouldn't say it's proceeding normally, but is at least proceeding on a different track than the political conversation? Yeah, so the legal process is proceeding differently I think in at least two ways.


One is the legal system is attempting to deal with something that is in many ways unprecedented like the systematic, unconstitutional and illegal acts that this administration is doing. And so they are trying to craft these orders right quickly because what they are doing, right, if allowed to go into effect is just gonna have these immediate profound consequences that would be difficult to reverse. And so they are being forced to proceed on a pace that is a little bit different than the average legal process and you know, at a volume that again is a little bit different and yes, right, they are figuring out exactly the scope of their orders that they are having to do right on a pretty tight timeline that isn't usual for courts.


And that's because the administration put them in this position. And so I do not take what the administration is telling courts or doing in courts to events a position that they think they can deny court orders, right? They are not telling courts that, right? They are saying they are in compliance and all of the litigation and disagreement is about what exactly these orders require right now and how courts should modify them. The other conversation is happening more in the public sphere and political sphere. And of course that's a huge right warning sign, right? Because who knows right? Whether it will sift into the former, but it does seem like at least for now, right, they are not adopting the express position that like, fuck it, let's just do it and be legends and that's something Yet, Right?


Exactly. Yet. Well on that note, like there, there are some actions the Trump folks have taken like birthright citizenship, right? Which seems obviously illegal or unconstitutional enough that it feels like they are just throwing them out there on the chance that maybe they get five justices to agree with them at some point or they just want to throw it out there, right? Just flood the zone. Then there are examples like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for example, right? Which is they know it is against the law to just eliminate an independent agency that was created by Congress. So instead they just put Russ vote the new OMB director in charge and like told everyone to stop working. How much functional dismantling of the federal government do you think they can do within the bounds of the law?


They can do an immense amount. And that's part of why I just went ballistic when you read the title of the op-ed that talked about the system working. Because even if again, courts are striking down everything that is illegal, even if Right, the executive branch adheres to all of those decisions, there are still many, many things they can do to hollow out the federal bureaucracy, right? Like if they put all of these administrators on leave, if they say we're just not gonna bring any new cases under the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, right? They are just going to allow consumer fraud to run rampant. They're going to cause people to leave the administration and administrative state and it is impossible to quickly build back up that infrastructure, right?


In the next competent, sane administration. And so that's part of why like we are in a constitutional crisis, whether or not the executive branch refuses to comply with court orders because like they are using their power to basically undermine our system of government, our system of laws trying to do it in any number of ways, some of which might be legal, right? Some of which might be not, some of which courts are gonna be able to stop and some of which courts aren't. And inevitably when courts strike some of the more outlandish, obviously illegal policies down, I worry that that is going to give the administration cover and the courts cover to let other things through because it is going to present a facade of the system working right.


And the court will look like an independent check on an executive branch that again, even if it respects court orders, is acting in ways that are absolutely antithetical to a functioning constitutional democracy and the rule of law. Right? And, and as you point out at, at, at some point the fact that ser government services that people depend on and benefits will be so disrupted. Yeah. Whether or not a court decides that the administration took an action that they, that cons that was illegal or not like the, the results seem like they could be similar. Right? Exactly. So if for example, right, there's some uncertainty about whether the federal government is actually going to give out these payments.


You know, there are some organizations that run on a paycheck to paycheck disbursement to disbursement basis. People's healthcare will be interrupted, childcare right. Is going to be disrupted. And even if a court stops that later, right? That is not going to undo the immense harm that people will already have experienced and that the administration is already going to be unleashing on all of us. Obviously the Supreme Court has an expansive view on executive power at least when it comes to Republican president's named Donald Trump. Ding Ding ding. What do we know so far about their views on how much power the president can wield over the federal government, particularly civil servants and spending that's been appropriated by Congress?


Yeah, so I think those might be two areas where the court's views could diverge because I think the Republican justices have evinced the view that presidents in their view should have the power to fire most people kind of within the executive branch, or at least a lot of people. And so even though the law is right now that Congress can protect civil servants, right? The civil service, they can say the heads of the Federal Trade Commission and whatnot can't be fired, you know, without good cause. There is a decent chance that the Supreme Court will overrule those cases and change the law to allow Donald Trump to exert more control over the federal bureaucracy.


Now on the issue of spending, I think that that is an instance where the court, or at least a majority of the justices are probably going to say no presidents don't have the unilateral power. Right? It's just a decline to spend money that Congress has appropriated the constitutional text is clear, right? Congress has the power of the purse, right? This is not ambiguous. Yeah. This is also clear from federal law, you know, after Richard Nixon attempted to impound federal funds that Congress had appropriated, Congress wrote a law being like, no, knock it off, you can't do that. So these things are all pretty clear. And so I think those might be two spaces where the court diverges. And again, that gets back to your point where that still gives the executive branch an awful lot of power to unleash a lot of havoc because if they replace right, the civil service, right civil servants with a bunch of like 19-year-old douche bags and like whatever else they're planning, right?


Like the operation of the federal government is going to be vastly undermined. All right, let's go to the the dark place for a second. You may be like, we haven't been in the dark place yet. Yeah, No curious where this is going, but Well I've heard some people say, okay, in the minds of the Supreme Court they must be thinking, okay, if Trump just refuses to comply with a ruling or defies a court order, like what recourse does the Supreme Court have? And if they think that the answer is not much at all, will they in advance be wary of delivering a ruling that they think Trump will defy, in which case it's functionally the same thing.


Yes. So a few things, there are some things that they can do, right? They can try to hold officials in contempt that involves basically sending out the US marshals, right? To haul these people, you know, before the court and potentially in jail. Slight problem with that as who controls the US Marshals, right? The executive branch. Second is I think they can hope, and I think that they should hope that there are enough people in Congress and elsewhere who would be so horrified by the idea that the executive branch would not comply with an order telling the executive branch, right? Just to comply with the law. That this could actually lead to a fissure, you know, within the Republican coalition and lead to some internal checks within the Republican party, which seem to be, you know, the only, or a particularly important mechanism of pushing back on Donald Trump.


And so those are some possibilities, but I think it is a very real risk that the court is going to look at all these cases and wonder which ones is he not going to listen to us on. And in fact, like if you go back to one of the very earliest, most foundational constitutional cases, Marbury versus Madison, right? That is the case where the Supreme Court said, we can declare an act of Congress unconstitutional and declined to enforce a federal law. The federal government, they didn't even like show up at the Supreme Court to defend their position. And Chief Justice Marshall and the other justices were rightfully wary about whether the executive branch would comply with the decision. And so, you know, he kind of wrote it such that he didn't actually require the executive branch to do much at all, even in the course of reaffirming the court's power.


And so I think what you are positing is a very real concern that the Supreme Court is going to be worried about whether this executive branch is going to comply with all of their court orders. And so maybe they would budget their capital or at least ask, you know, on what issues would a decision, you know, striking down what the administration has done, allow us to kind of be aligned with let's say Republican senators or super majority of the American people. And maybe, you know, that is an issue or a lens that they're approaching these cases with. I mean there's a recent potential example of this, even though it may seem smaller scale, which is like, it seems like the Trump and the DOJ are just ignoring the Supreme Court's ruling on the TikTok ban, which is like they, they've given themselves an extension to get some kind of a deal done.


The law says an extension is only allowed if there are already quote binding legal agreements in place for TikTok to divest of Chinese ownership, which there are not, there is not a deal in the offering. They have, they're not just figuring out crossing the t's dot in the i's negotiating and need an extension for that. So I Is that right? First of all? And like, why does no one seem to care about this? Yeah. So it's so weird there isn't a deal because we were told Donald Trump is the consummate deal maker, best deal maker. We need to work this shit out immediately. So I actually think that example is a little bit different than the worst case scenario we were talking about because the Supreme Court in that decision, what they said is this law is constitutional right. They did not purport to require the president to do something ah, or prohibit the president from doing something.


Got it. And so the president is not technically in violation of the court order. Got it. Now, what he is in violation of is the federal law itself. Right. What Congress has said. And that's, you know, going back to what I was suggesting earlier, like that too is a constitutional crisis. Like presidents do not have the power just to say that federal law is optional. Right. Like no one has to listen to that one. Right. That's a problem too. But it's a little bit different than the situation we're imagining, which is whether he would actually defy a court order. And no one has brought suit saying, Hey, this is a law. The president is not in compliance with this law. What are you gonna do about it? Exactly. Like that just hasn't happened yet. Okay. Exactly. Obviously a lot of Americans aren't paying much attention to what Trump's doing to the federal government. And I'm sure one response from people to Trump trying to fire government.


Prosecutors, lawyers, FBI agents who aren't loyal is, well maybe that's bad, but like, you know, he is the president, maybe he should get to hire the people he wants. Can you talk about why, what's happening specifically at DOJ and FBI should alarm someone who, who doesn't happen to be on Trump's enemies list? Yeah. So the Department of Justice is, you know, reportedly instituting, right? These loyalty tests, right. Asking people, you know, do you believe the 2020 election is stolen and whatnot, and using that as kind of what litmus tests. And I think it is extremely dangerous, right? To have a federal law enforcement apparatus that is all loyalists, right?


No people who are going to provide any measure of dissent or counter views or any sort of independent views. And again, I think you just have to look at how the federal government has been operating until now and what they are doing with the Doge bros. Right? Like, do you want them to be able to replace the people who have insured your Medicare payments? Right? Are issued the people who are insuring, right. That the Medicaid system is functioning, the people who are insuring, right. The childcare centers get the support that they need, the people who are insuring that student loan payments right, actually are forgiven. Like we're allowed the people who are insuring right, you can actually pay your taxes online.


Right. Those are things that federal bureaucrats do. And if you replace all of those people with a bunch of hacks, right? Who don't believe in government right. And are like freshmen at Northeastern who go by big balls, like those things are not going to get done. Like when people who are 18, like they can't even get up at 8:00 AM in the morning. Right? Like they, these are not the people, right. That you want running the basic services that allow all of us to function and live our lives. Yeah. Or, or you know, when they say things like, oh, don't worry, we're gonna replace all of the Indian Americans with AI and send them back and normalize Indian hate.


You know, it might cause you to wonder are they going to prioritize government services for certain people and not others? Yes, indeed. You might wonder that. And you know, that's part of what we are seeing, right. And worried about when you look at what Doge and they are doing as far as, you know, whittling down parts of the federal government, they have disbanded, you know, portions of the Department of Justice that were designed to go after Russian oligarchs. Right. They have disbanded right. Parts of the Department of Justice that were designed to go after major corruption. And, you know, they are suspending investigations into, for example, like what Elon Musk is up to at like SpaceX and his other companies.


So yes. Right. Again, if you put in a bunch of hack loyalists into the federal government, they're not going to be applying the laws equally. They're not gonna be providing benefits equally. And that too is again, just antithetical to how our system is supposed to work. Last question. Maybe the worst thing Trump did over the weekend doesn't even have to do with the law. I know what you're gonna say. He, he said he was rooting for the chiefs praise Brittany Mahomes, only to then attack Taylor Swift for getting booed by Philly fans. I, I mean, I just feel like it was a real bummer of a postscript on the ERAS tour. Just this whole, the way, the whole way everything ended.


It was, and yet I am choosing to take a longer view of this. Okay, good. Because one of the last people, Taylor Swift got into a major feud with was Kanye West. How's he doing now? Right? I'm just waiting. Right. He had a tough weekend. Yeah, Exactly. I'm just waiting for her to like pull a Kendrick Lamar on him as her Drake And yeah, we're all, yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe Reputation Taylor's version when it comes out will have some of this, you know, the, the original was a, was a sort of a Kanye Kim thing. Maybe this'll be, this will be Trump Or this is the secret hidden album Karma, right? Oh yeah. Where she just unleashes karma on him. All right. See, we needed to end this with some hope and optimism.


Leah, thank you so much for joining us as always. And everyone go pre-order Lawless, it's out in May. And then of course, if you're not already, listen to strict scrutiny every Monday. Thanks. That's our show for today. Thanks so much to Leah for joining us. Dan and I will be back with a new show on Friday. Bye everybody. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at crooked.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed. Also, be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more.


And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reed Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund in Charlotte Landis. Madeline Inger is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi s is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Hailey Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, Kiel Aviv, and David Tolles.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America East.


If you are like most of us, you start shopping for a dress at T minus the thing you need the dress for. And if that's a fail, stand back says it's not pretty. Gratefully, there's Everif If you know, you know, and if you don't, you're welcome. Everif is the women's fashion retailer that understands your lifestyle and has the best brands and the latest trends. You need to look great, which is why your favorite new dress is here. New customers. Save 10% right now at everif.com/podcast.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard? I uud Like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.