
Today's presenting sponsor is SimpliSafe Home Security. Here's a chilling fact. Homes without a security system are 300% more likely to be broken into. But securing your home doesn't have to be complicated or expensive. SimpliSafe is changing the game with innovative, affordable protection for every family. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe Active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 days satisfaction guarantee or your money back named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report five years in a row. Jon Lovett has installed the SimpliSafe all on his own and it has kept him and pundit safe for many years and he really likes it. Visit simplisafe.com/cricket to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/crooked. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi Georgia. Hi David. What do you think the world needs more of? Well, the world always needs more podcasts. Didn't you used to have a podcast? Not only did I used to have a podcast, Georgia, it's coming back. David Tenet does a podcast with Season three is coming at you. Okay, And who are your guests? Who are my guess? What about Russell T. Davis? What about Jamil or Jamil? What about Stanley? The T Tuchi. So it's really just you hanging out with your mates then. Yeah, Come join me. David Tenet does a podcast with Bye.


Welcome to Pod Save America. I'm John fau. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Dan, nice to have you in LA In studio. Oh, Love that. Great. Well we're gonna have a good time today. No, we're not because this news is, is Terrible gonna say. I know we're gonna talk about it. No, we're Gonna talk about Republicans in Congress moving forward with the Trump economic plan, which among other things would take away healthcare and food from kids in order to fund a huge tax cut for the 1%. So that's lovely. Democrats are also gonna have to decide whether to use the limited leverage they have in the government shutdown fight that's rapidly approaching. We'll get to that. We're also gonna cover Jeff Bezos's decision to turn the Washington Post editorial page into the Wall Street Journal. Then we're back with our latest installment of, wait, did that really happen?


Where we, where we'll react to this week's most insane moments. It was a, it was stiff competition, but we think we found the three. I'm sure everyone remembers the one time we did that segment. Yeah, Well it's back. Okay. It's back Repetition. It's key. And Stick around later for a sneak preview of the excellent conversation that Dan and I just had earlier in the week with our pal Jen Psaki about White House press and communication strategy that's on our subscriber only show inside 2025. But you get a sneak. You get a sneak preview here. So Lucky you. Yeah. But first, Donald Trump kicked off the first cabinet meeting of a second term with a special presentation from the most powerful member of his administration or any administration, special government employee, Elon Musk, who showed up in his trademark dark MAGA hat and tech support t-shirt to reassure everyone that Doge isn't a complete cluster fuck.


And and we and I, I should say, we'll also we will make mistakes. We won't be perfect, but when we make mistake, we'll fix it very quickly. So for example, with U-S-A-I-D, one of the things we accidentally canceled very briefly was Ebola. Ebola prevention. I think we all want Ebola prevention. So we restored the Ebola prevention immediately and there was no interruption. So unfortunately for those of us who aren't keen on getting Ebola, what Elon said there is not true. Jeremy Kaon Dyke who led Ebola response at U-S-A-I-D under both Obama and Trump said the US government's capacity to respond has been wrecked right as there's an Ebola outbreak happening in East Africa as we speak.


That's not all Kaon. Dyke also says Doge has crippled the CDC, also, the FDA this week just canceled their annual meeting to discuss next year's flu vaccines. With no explanation, Katherine Wu reports in the Atlantic that the NIH is still violating court orders by refusing to restart most medical research. And the person now in charge of the nation's health, HHS secretary, RFK Jr said during the cabinet meeting that the measles outbreak in Texas that has now killed a child is quote, not unusual. In fact, it is unusual, quite unusual. It's not died of of measles in the United States for quite some time, quite some time. Is this Maha?


Are we Maha now? Is this, have we, have we Maha? I don't know how to say it. It real, I think the question of whether we maha or not depends on how you define the word healthy. Yeah. Because if you define it in its traditional sense, then no, we are not headed towards healthy. We're headed in the opposite direction. And there's so much to say here, but just on the Ebola thing, just an example of what an absolute chaotic cluster fuck the Trump administration is in Uganda, where there they are have been dealing with this Ebola outbreak. They were in need of more protective gear. 'cause there had been one patient who had gone to six different facilities and or six different clinics. And so they needed gear there to protect the, the workers there. We could not access the gear because it was in a WHO warehouse.


And because we, you are not allowed to speak to WHO, this is according to reporting in the New York Times, you're not allowed to speak to WHO within the Trump administration. So it just sat there. Then they tried to buy because we Pulled out of the WHO, the World Health Organization. Yes. Pulled out the World Health Organization and now we're not communicating with them at all. Even though it's the World Health Organization. And they could use the only superpower in the world to help 'em out. And They had protective gear that we had paid for. So then they had to do a contract to get more protective gear. So we're not saving money, we're not doing anything right. We're just making things worse. So much of the U-S-A-I-D cluster fuck has not been about saving money. Right. Because, and I, and I like, I can't emphasize this enough 'cause people are like, well, voters don't like foreign aid and they wanna spend money on other stuff. And some of it was wasteful and blah blah.


No, there was money that was appropriated already. We're not getting it back spent on, you know, $500 million in food. That's just like sitting in docks spoiling right now. Like malaria nets that were already purchased. Like this stuff was al already, the money has already been spent in a lot of these cases. And it's just now the life saving food and medicine just isn't getting to people because they're all fucking assholes. I mean, it's incompetent assholes running the country. It's Truly insane. You have to be both dumb and lacking in even a single IO of empathy within your body to run the government like this. So you, are you saying that there're not showing competence and caring? I'm there is. That's what, that's what Elon said.


He goes, competence and caring. That's what we're all about here. Yes. Competence. There is no competence in caring. And like, you make the point that, you know, the conventional wisdom is people don't care about foreign aid. It's always, it's always top of list when you ask people where should we save money? The government, they always say far aid. If you ask 'em anything else, they don't. They wanna keep the military. Many people do never touch Social security. Medicare certainly don't catch education, funding, whatever else it is. But I think one you can and should make the case here for what is happening. 'cause it's not about Whether you should spend that money or not even. You should. You can make a case for why you should spend it. Why it's good for our security. Particularly when it comes to something like Ebola prevention. We help prevent pandemics and epidemics in other countries. So they don't come here. Yes, it's exactly what we are doing. And if you don't control them at the root of the cause of the pandemic, then it come, it spreads everywhere.


Then an epidemic becomes the pandemic. And we are back to right where we were before. But also it's just the NIH stuff is particularly notable in every funding fight in history between Republicans and Democrats. Republicans are trying to cut funding. The place where they always lose the public is on food safety, drug safety research and diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's. And that is what's happening here. And particularly if you leave the disease research, you know, we, I think we talked about this a couple weeks ago. There have been major breakthroughs in Alzheimer's research. Yep. There's real momentum there. Just this week there was an announcement that about real progress with a treatment for pancreatic cancer using Mr NA vaccine technology. All, there's huge momentum here and all that's gonna stop in its tracks.


If we, if we back away from this, which is exactly what Elon and Trump are doing. So the NIH has helped fund 99% of the drugs that are approved in the last decade. Katherine Woo's story in the Atlantic. Everyone should go read it. It will infuriate you. Basically, they try to freeze a bunch of NIH funding and then they go to court and the court says, no, you can't freeze it, you gotta restart. And people at the NIH wanna start approving grants again because everything had been frozen. And then HHS, the political appointees at HHS from the Health and Human Services, this was before RFK Junior got there, they said to the NIH, no, you can't restart the, the grants.


And then the lawyers at HHS and the lawyers at NIH was like, no, we have to, we are in violation of a court order. And the political appointees at HHS said, no, you don't do it. And so there's been this like weeks, weeks long thing now where here and there some grants are like getting approved because people are just like sort of just doing their own thing. But the, everyone who works in the building is just like they are demoralized all, a lot of these grants aren't going anywhere. In some cases, there are critically ill patients enrolled in drug trials that cannot continue because of this. I mean, again, this is just, this isn't saving money. This isn't making government more efficient. This is just fucking ruining people's lives and like denying us potential treatments and cures that we've already paid for our tax dollars have already paid for.


It's fucking nuts, man. It's nuts. And you know, sadly, the Doge chaos continues a pace across the entire federal government. I would refer you to this AP headline from Wednesday evening. VA pauses billions in cuts lauded by Musk as lawmakers and veterans, Tory, loss of critical care, lot of cuts hitting veterans, veterans healthcare, veterans with disabilities getting fired left and right. VA hospitals at the cabinet meeting. Trump touched off a, a fresh panic by saying that EPA administrator Lee Zelin, is planning to cut 65% of the agency's workforce only to have the White House clarify later in the day that he meant EPA is going to cut 65% of its spending, not 65% of its staff still bad, not Good if you like clean air and clean water.


Right? Yeah. Then there's the fact that Elon and Doge have cut about 400 jobs from the Federal Aviation Administration only to have Elon tweet on Thursday. Quote, there is a shortage of top-notch air traffic controllers. If you have retired but are open to returning to work, please consider doing so. Is that where we're recruiting now? Air traffic controllers? Just Who? On Twitter. On Twitter, yeah. That's where we are. I don't know. Seems like there's downsides to the move fast break things approach from Elon and the Doge bags and the Silicon Valley types. Yeah, it seems that way.


Let's stipulate that government can and should be made more efficient, more cost effective, that there's possible, that there are places where there are too many people doing not, not the right things. Like that is absolutely 100% true. But what Elon Musk and Donald Trump are trying to do here is not fix government. They're not trying to reform, they're not trying to make it more efficient. They're trying to break it to absolutely destroy the idea of a federal government whose job it is to help people, to protect people, to keep them secure and safe. They do not believe in that. And they're trying to destroy it. And what that means is, and they have, they have made a bet here, right? Because of their actions. We are less safe, less secure.


We're at greater risk of plane crashes, disease epidemics, pollution in our air and water, foodborne pathogens, dangerous drugs. All those things are there. The point here is that Donald Trump is responsible for everything. Everything that happens from this point forward, he broke government. There will be consequences for that. Right? That could be a plane crash as serious, something as serious and dramatic as a plane crash. It could be very not unrelated to this measles epidemic that is taking place in Texas where we now have a, we've fired a lot of the people in charge of managing those things. Yep. And we have, as the HHS secretary, a vaccine skeptic there and a president, frankly, who was a vaccine skeptic on to some degree.


And that canceled meeting with the FDA was supposed to figure out the flu vaccine for next year. Like they don't have a lot of time before they have to start production of next year's flu vaccine. So like no one knows why it was canceled, no one knows when it's gonna be rescheduled. And they're almost outta time to figure out next year's flu vaccines. And we've now had the worst year for flu that we've had in decades. There are consequences of these actions. They have to be held accountable for these actions. And that is that, like I said, that can be as serious as the things I mentioned is also when you try to run the Social Security Administration with half the staff. Yeah. Payments are going to be missed. Right. They keep talking about how they're going to, they're cracking down on fraud. You know, what's one way to have there be more fraud to cut staff at the Social Security Administration or the IRS or those other places?


And this just, I just, I just cannot obsess enough is every single thing the Republicans held Joe Biden responsible for a million things that were nowhere near him. Right? Remember when everyone was supposed to be mad at Joe Biden because you couldn't find a Turkey on Thanksgiving 'cause of supply chain shortages that you were gonna go to Target and there'd be no Christmas presents or holiday presents for anyone. And we have to hold Trump to a, to a same standard, but we actually have a basis in fact for that. You know, he promised stability, he promised security, he's doing everything to create the opposite of that. And he has to be held accountable. This is also a direct result of Elon trying to run the government. Like he runs one of his companies and you know, everyone's like, oh, well he did this at Twitter and then he made Twitter in some people's opinions work better or whatever.


But like if you cut a bunch of staff, fire a bunch of people at a company and it degrades some services for a while, but eventually it becomes better run, more efficient, whatever. Right? Like if Twitter, if he took over Twitter, fired a bunch of people and Twitter went down for a while, okay. Like, that's not great Maha. That would be Maha. That would be Maha, right? Yes. If, you know, he's at SpaceX and they have to delay the launch of a rocket because they fucked something up because they didn't have the right people, whatever, right. With the federal government, they are breaking everything, firing all these people, gutting all these services and like, say they make it more efficient and, and better run years down the road.


Like millions of people's lives are at stake right now. And that is the difference between running the fucking federal government and running a business. And he also doesn't run Tesla and SpaceX like he runs Twitter, right? Because there are stakes with nothing like the federal government stakes. But there are, you know, yes. They, you may have to delay a launch, but you could also have an explosion, right? Yes. You can. You know, if there is a problem with Tesla cars and the, like, the self-driving software like that obviously is, but Twitter is the example everyone confusing. And it's like, who gives a flying fuck if Twitter goes down for a minute? Right? And you know what it's Like? So low stakes. It's like the sixth most important social media platform in this country. Right? And by the way, Like LinkedIn is 10 times more, more important than, than Twitter.


And It is worse Yeah. Right Now. So like spammy ads bullshit. Like, come on. Speaking of Elon and the FAA because this, this is one I'm following closely. He's also why I will say you were, as Dan was flying here yesterday, I was like sending a story about the near miss at at, you Were sending a video of a near miss as I was born my plane. I didn't know you were on the plane, obviously, but I, it's, it's somewhat comforting in this time to know that other people who have not been afraid of flying their whole lives, like you are now starting to get nervous as well. Misery loves company. I could still do the math, but Yeah, no, I know. So he's forcing the FAA now to withdraw a contract they gave to Verizon to modernize communication inside the air traffic control system and to hire Musk's own company, starlink to do it instead.


Now Elon tweeted on Thursday that Verizon's existing system is on the brink of a catastrophic breakdown, which is comforting. He said, we're single digit months away from a catastrophic breakdown. It's like, oh, is someone from the fucking FAA gonna tell us that? Or do we just have to take the word of the ketamine adult fucking billionaire who's running the government that by the way, if we don't put in starlink air traffic control is gonna have a catastrophic meltdown. It's like, is that what we're left to do to figure out whether we should fly or not? Like is someone at the FAA gonna come give a press conference, tell us about their fucking air traffic control communication system? Or no, it's just Elon tweeting.


I Would just note that my bag is packed on the couch in your office. And the second we finish recording this, I'm going to leave the studio and go get on an airplane to fly home. Well he, luckily, he said it's, it's, we're a couple months away. Well, Look, I'm right here. I'm really leaning into the definition of the word brink. And so, and he said, you know this now he tweeted this in response to this story about Elon trying to push them to cancel the Verizon contract so they could do starlink. And he said, well, no, no, it's the Verizon thing's on the brink of catastrophic breakdown and I'm providing starlink units at no cost to the taxpayer for now then it's an update for you. Oh wow. Just before we recorded, he corrected himself and said, actually the existing system that's on the verge of a catastrophic breakdown isn't Verizon's, it's an old co it's another company.


The new system that's not yet operational is Verizon. But now we're canceling in that and giving starlink the contract instead. The funny thing is, is I knew this from the beginning and even, and I'm not even in charge of Doge 'cause you just read the words in the article, it's very clear the Verizon is the new system Unfuck believable. And this isn't the only government contract. Starlink could be getting the Biden era broadband equity access and deployment program. God terrible fucking name bead. This is, you know what some of this shit, I'm like, this is why, this is why we're doing this is Why Doge exists. Yes. Yeah. Right. It passes part of the infrastructure. Bill could have just said broadband, we're doing broadband anyway. They set aside more than 40 billion to improve broadband in rural areas by growing the fiber optic network.


It didn't really happen that well. Again, that's another problem for Democrats to think about next time if we ever wanna be in power again. But Elon surprise surprise thinks that it should be satellite internet instead. And that starlink should, should, should run this show. I Am shocked to find that out. So stipulating starlink might be great to use. It might be the right solution for all of our connectivity challenges for air traffic control, who knows, still feels like a, a major conflict of interest at best, that we're not having companies bid for these contracts. We're just gonna have the guy that's running this that's single handedly cutting government, firing people. His companies get the contracts. It's a coincidence. It's hard to imagine how that happened.


It feels Like Democrats should make some noise about this. No, what do you think? Yes. I think Elon Musk is Donald Trump's political Achilles heel. Yeah. We've seen this in polling and in focus groups that Peter Hammy wrote about in Puck News the other day. Voters are, they don't trust Elon Musk. I Think he's a tool. That's what one of them said. Trump voters said he was a tool. He's A love that Trump voter, That Trump voter had a point that, but they don't, they don't trust him. They don't like him running around unilaterally slashing government. They don't like the idea of the world's richest man rooting through government. They think he is filled with conflicts of interest. They don't think he's doing a particularly good job in that Washington Post poll. Only 34% of people approved of how Elon Musk was doing his job in government.


And so we should talk about it all the time and this conflict of interest there. And I think this is really important because, and I, this is something I'm gonna, I will flesh it. I've mentioned this once before, but I'll, I'm gonna, we'll one day flesh this out in an actual written argument. But my belief is that the narrative that Democrats should tell about the Trump administration is one of chaos and corruption. And nothing embodies that more than Elon Musk and do. This is incredibly chaotic. It's funny because you've talked about chaos and corruption before this election. I talked about the, in the last Trump election too. You Love, you love chaos and corruption. Well, with Trump it's not That. Well, but I was gonna say you were, you were ahead of your time really, because if you thought that was chaos and corruption before Elon Musk is Yes. I had, I, the, my problem is Donald Trump keeps becoming president.


Yeah, That's, that's true. I mean, we've done this podcast or a version of this podcast for three consecutive presidential elections and Donald Trump's been in all of them. So chaos and corruption keep coming up. I don't know why


Pod Save America is brought to you by article. We have article furniture here in the cricket office. I have some article patio furniture at home. It is fantastic. It looks great. It's affordable. It gets to you on time. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with nearly any other article product. This thoughtful design approach makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada with options for professional assembly. If you prefer a hands-off experience, have a question or need help with your design choices articles, customer care team is available seven days a week offering knowledgeable support and even free interior design services to help you get your home just right. With articles. 30 day satisfaction guarantee you can shop with confidence knowing that if you're not completely in love with your new furniture, you can easily return it. This piece of mind ensures you can invest in your home without hesitation. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/cricket and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's article.com/crook for $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of president Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between, they'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new tonight at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


The Democrats are sort of figuring this out. I guess Hakeem Jeffries did a press conference today, I think Thursday, where he mentioned that Elon Musk is making $8 million a day Yeah. In government contracts. And the average person on Medicaid makes $65 a day because they're looking to cut Medicaid in the budget. At least if we're gonna get to, if you leave, at least if you believe the budget instructions. So yeah, I do think that's, that's relevant that Elon Musk is making $8 million a day in government contracts and wants more and wants more while he's trying to slash government because he says it's wasteful and inefficient. Yeah, I think that's something to look into, maybe something to talk about. And believe it or not, even bigger Doge cuts are coming. Just one example, the Washington Post reports that the, as you said, the Social Security Administration has been told to start getting ready to cut its staff by half.


Of course, cuts like this have already happened at places like U-S-A-I-D that we mentioned in a court filing the administration detailed this week that they have canceled more than 90% of USAID's foreign assistance contracts or about $60 billion in foreign aid across the government. A federal court had ruled the government needed to pay out assistance money that was already obligated by Wednesday at midnight. But a few hours before the deadline, the Supreme Court stepped in and said the deadline shouldn't be enforced, meaning the foreign aid freeze can stand for now. So this was a, the SCOTUS ruling was pretty temporary and narrow. They basically, you know, there was a midnight deadline that said the government must pay. And I think the, the court was like, okay, we can skip the midnight deadline until we have a broader Yeah.


And the Parties Consideration of this case and the Parties have to respond by tomorrow with briefs to the Supreme Court On this. Right. So, you know, I would not, I would not call this a huge win for the Trump administration, but I do wonder if we're seeing the limits of what the courts might be willing or able to do to stop these guys from just destroying whatever they want. And I think back to the NIH example that we just talked about where, you know, there's even the lawyers, even the Trump administration lawyers in the agencies that are like, eh, I think we should follow the court orders. And then some other jack offs are like, nah, fuck it. I mean this is the test. Right. This is the ultimate test of the system is the idea of the Supreme Court of as a, or the judicial branches of Coco branch of government is really just a theoretical concept that exists only through the acquiescence of the executive branch.


Yeah. Because the people who enforce court orders work for the executive branch. Yeah. And so this, this is the test and there's real speculation that John Roberts is going to try as hard as he can to avoid testing this proposition a way that would have Trump violate with impunity the a an order from the court as JD Vance has encouraged him to do. Right. Because once that happens, the idea of judicial review, the findings in the, the main Supreme Court case that you learned in the first day of all common law classes, Marbury v Madison falls apart. Yeah. Because what, once, once you say do this or else, and they say no and there's no else, the whole system collapses.


And so this is like a very serious situation. You can really see John Marbury who's tried really hard to ruin the court slowly to sort of avoid an, an epic confrontation that is going to be Trump to Trump's benefit as these cases proceed through the, through the process. And I will say for being totally fair, and I don't know why we have to be, but Trump has said he would follow court orders. Well, that brings up another scenario, which could also happen here, which is Trump doesn't openly defy the court and then the court issues a ruling, and then Trump says, I'm not gonna follow this. No. Like this. They just don't, you know? Right. They just don't. And they don't do it at the Trump level. Trump doesn't talk about it. But, you know, we had to wait for a piece in the Atlantic, but Katherine Rud to, to find out that all of these fuckers at HHS were telling the NIH to, to violate court orders.


So like how many times across how many agencies could that happen? And then what remedies does the court have, you know, they can try to hold people in contempt. None of them have wanted to do that yet. And they haven't even wanted to word their rulings or decisions in a way that would suggest that people might face contempt charges. Right. Because I think all these courts are nervous that if they hold someone in contempt in the administration and then they don't show up, like what are they gonna do? Send the, send the marshals Castrates, cash Patel come in to get him. Yeah. It's, it is a very bad, this is a real precipice of something very different in American life that we are standing on right now. Yeah. And and and part of what I wonder is like how to put it back together, you know, like if we, like, you know, Democrats win the midterms, which we have to, but what's to say that whatever the Democrats do in Congress or try to stop in Congress, that trump's not just gonna plow ahead or the agencies aren't just gonna plow ahead, you know, I mean like this is a real, we're in for it.


Yeah. On his podcast, Ezra Klein once described American democracy as a series of norms in a trench coat, which I, which really is being the trench coat is open and there are only norms there. Yes. That's rough. That's rough. All right. As much as it pains me to say this, let's talk about what the Republicans and Congress are doing since it could end up affecting people's lives even more than Doge. Believe it or not, we got two big fights brewing over spending and they're both important for different reasons. First we had the house budget resolution, or, or as Trump calls it, the big beautiful Bill Mike Johnson got this thing passed on Tuesday after both the hardliners on the right and some of the more vulnerable frontline members both reneged on their pledges to oppose it.


So Under the urging of Trump, under The ing urging of Trump, in fact there was a couple holdouts and it looked like it might not pass. And they, they pulled the bill and one of them was Victoria Sparts. Did you see the puck story on this? No. No. Apparently Trump called Victoria Sparts and started screaming at her and said, you'll just be a fake Republican. I'm the president, remember who I am? Started screaming and like people were hearing him scream at her and then she hangs up and Mike Johnson's right there. And he pats around the back and he goes, you know, you have to do now fucking mob just a mob family. That's where we're right now. Yeah. I mean, related to this is, there was another story about how Trump's team has told the, the Republican Correctional Campaign committee, the NRCC as it's known, that they were only gonna support candidates who are, who pledge their loyalty to Trump.


Yes. And so this, this, this is gonna matter for 'cause the budget resolution is like the first step in passing the bill. Right. It's just a, it's basically like a shell of a bill. It's instructions to the committees, whatever, blah, blah, blah. You don't, you don't really need to know. You just need to know it's the first step in a process. It's A, it's a first, it's a critical but largely meeting list step. Right. Because if you're a Republican who is thinking of not voting for the final, you vote for the budget resolution. 'cause it's a step, it's, it just moves the whole thing a step forward. We, we had, we dealt with the same thing with Manchin and cinema in Joe Biden's build back better, which then became Inflation reduction Act is they were like, yeah, we're gonna vote for the budget resolution and then we'll should We do a little explainer on this or? Sure. Yeah.


So just so people understand what Trump is trying to do here is he and the Republicans want to pass this bill without fear of a democratic filibuster. So the only way to prevent a filibuster on a piece of legislation, 'cause the filibuster still exists for legislation. Thank you. Joe Manchin. Kirsten Sinema, but may actually right now, maybe thank you Joe Manchin. I would be happier if we had passed a whole bunch of other bills. Like same voting rights, ups, other things. And the filibuster is still stupid, but is to use the budget reconciliation process, which is a process that was set up understanding that you have to pass a budget and deal with budgetary matters. And you can't do that with a filibuster. So this is basically like a filibuster free card step.


One of that is passed the budget resolution in many years with, and you're not trying to use budget reconciliation. Congress never passes the budget because it doesn't, you don't really need it. It doesn't remember particularly if the party is the in control of Congress on the other side is different than the president. It's, it's a fake thing. But here it actually matters. All it is is the ticket to ride on the budget reconciliation process and the budget reconciliation process, you only need 50 votes. But everything in it must relate to taxes and spending. Right. You have to pass something called. So You can't pass laws that are just like, you know, famously we couldn't raise the minimum wage through budget Reconciliation. Yes. There. 'cause there's something called the Bird Rule named after Robert Bird, which dictates what is allowed in the budget resolution process when there is a question.


The Senate parliamentarian rules on that. Now it is worth noting that the presiding officer of the Senate can ignore the parliamentarian. And some of us may have made a case that they should have done that back then. But lo and behold, we don't have voting rights. So, but at least the parliamentarian's integrity is intact. So that's the process that has begun. And now the Republicans, both the House and the Senate separately theoretically have to write a gigantic tax bill and a giant spending cuts bill that they have to pass before the debt ceiling runs out sometime in late July or August. And the important thing to realize here is that none of their math works and none of them have agreed on anything really.


No, because they have promised, and a lot of this is in the budget resolution, a couple trillion dollars worth of spending cuts, which you can only get if you really tackle Medicare, Medicaid, social security, veterans healthcare. They've also promised over $4 trillion in tax cuts. They wanna make the Trump tax cuts permanent. They want new tax cuts. That's a lot. They wanna raise the debt ceiling by $4 trillion. None of this adds up Either. Either adds up mathematically or legislatively. Exactly. And what everyone's focusing on is the house budget resolution instructs the committees to find $880 billion in savings from Medicaid.


And yet all the Republicans, including Donald Trump are out there and Mike Johnson saying, we're not gonna actually touch Medicaid benefits that people are gonna get. It's all waste, fraud and abuse. So, and the Senate is basically like, eh, that too much Medicaid. We don't wanna touch Medicaid. But if they don't touch Medicaid, then they need to find spending cuts other places. But there's just not a lot of money other places. What do you think is gonna happen here? Like do you, is there a version of this that works that you can see? Well, There's gonna be a version to lift the debt limit before we default on the full faith credit of the United States. Yeah. And look, Trump is able to get this through last time fully unpaid for like they did not do cuts to pay for it.


Will he be able to do that again? He obviously had a much larger house majority. Relatively larger house majority. It's not a huge house majority. It's really incredibly complicated. The Medicaid math and just so people know, Medicaid provides healthcare and nursing home care for like 72 million Americans. Yeah. And from including children. Yep. And one of, they've talked about all kinds of things. You know, one of the, the things that they're publicans, sub bet Republicans batting around is one of the ways in which a lot of people have access to affordable healthcare is through a provision in the Affordable Care Act called Medicaid expansion, where the government covers 90% of the Medicaid match for state Medicaid funds. If they expand healthcare, they maybe try to cut that back, which would kick a whole bunch of people off healthcare.


I mean it's Work requirements would save them a hundred billion dollars. There's also a bunch of Medicaid reforms that we proposed that I think didn't go through that for, to like target waste fraud and abuse and tax stuff. They could throw those in there. Like I could see them getting to a point where they cut some Medicaid that didn't necessarily get to people's benefits and they got, they, they did some other stuff there just to say that they did, they got some fraud and abuse, but they didn't cut the, the benefits here and there. And then they just add to the deficit, make the tax cuts permanent somehow lie about the accounting. Well that's one thing they're definitely Gonna do. And then when, and then when the hardliners on the, in the house and Rand Paul in the Senate start yelling about it and then Donald Trump just calls them and like threatens them.


I mean The only, And get that that's, that's, that's sort of the Only way this passes is a whole bunch of people have to vote for a bill that they said they would never vote for. Yes. They either have to vote for a tax cut that massively increases the deficit. Which seems like, seems like no matter what they do, even, even in their own math, it increases the deficit. Yes, absolutely. That's the funny. But, but without any sort of significant spending reductions or changes to programs like Medicaid or they have to slash Medicaid in a way in which they all said they would not do. Yes. And Donald Trump, it's worth just noting Donald Trump in 2016 campaign said he would not touch Medicaid and then he pushed like hell to pass a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act that drastically slash Medicaid.


And even if they don't touch Medicaid, it's important for everyone to realize nothing in this bill is for you. Yeah. Unless you make over $750,000 a year, in which case you're in the top 1% and you will get a very substantial tax cut. It's about a trillion dollars in tax cuts just for the top 1% and everyone else. Yeah. Maybe you get like a couple hundred dollars and A, you're probably not gonna get more than you're current. You already got exactly Right Because you've had this tax cut since 2017 And they don't even think there's gonna be room in there for his no tax on tips proposal. Although maybe someone will find out a way to get in there, but like there's nothing else for anyone. It's not gonna help fix the deficit or even lower the deficit. It's gonna add to the deficit, make the deficit worse and it's gonna cut a bunch of other shit that a lot of people depend on.


Just, it, you, it would be a hard to go into a lab to craft a policy more unpopular than cutting healthcare for Americans to pay for a tax cut for billionaires. Yep. And again, the alternative is they don't touch healthcare, which is gonna be really hard. And I don't believe that they'll be able to, but they don't. And then you go, go test this one, a tax cut for billionaires that just adds to the deficit. Well we, we did this, we tested it and it was very unpopular, very popular and showed up in a shitload of 2018 house mentor ads. Yeah. And you know what we did? We we got that one. That was a great, we did pretty good. That was like that That was a fun election night. That Was a fun election. Yeah. Okay.


This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Upload video content, organize your video library and showcase your content on beautiful video pages. You can even sell access to your video library by adding a paywall to your content. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash crooked to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash crooked.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of president Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


The other issue that Congress has to deal with much sooner is government funding, which runs out in about two weeks. So usually only two things happen with the shutdown. First it looms and then it's averted. That's great Fucking writing. It's, Reid gave me that line. Yeah, that's a good read. Anyway, the, so the way a shutdowns averted these days is by passing a continuing resolution known as a cr, which just keeps the government open at current spending levels with the hope that an actual budget gets passed somewhere down the line. Which is probably, probably won't happen. Probably won't happen. Which never happens. And some we've been, we've been funding the government government on CRS for like CRS and omnibus spending agreements. Yeah. Forever.


It's a fucking, it's, It's, no one's passed a fucking appropriations bill in a long time. Right. And you know what? People in both parties are mad about it. They all complain about it and then it never changes. So two problems for Republicans this time around. One, the house doesn't know if they can pass a CR with just Republican votes since they have a few loony hardliners who have basically like made a living saying, I'll never vote for a cr ever. Or I don't wanna lift the debt ceiling and I don't wanna do any of this shit because they, they think that they want to like eliminate all of government. So they don't know that they can get all the Republicans second, even if they can get all the Republicans and it passes the House. Republicans need 60 votes in the Senate. 'cause this is not the 51 vote budget resolution, it's the 60, which means they need the votes of at least seven Democrats.


So the question becomes, what should Democrats do? Mike Johnson said on CNN this week that a cr, he wants a cr to include language that codifies the Doge cuts. He has also rejected democratic efforts to include some guardrails in the CR around Elon and Doge. What do you think Dem should do? Whew. We've been talking about this in many forum. Personally, you and I for a few days now. I Should just start recording our conversations. It would be so much easier. Just turn this whole thing into a reality show. Was it do multiple times? Right. It's, I'm always like, did we talk about this on the pod or Was it a text? Was it in person? I don't know. Yeah. I do not think the Democrats can vote for a bill.


The doesn not do something to stop what Elon Musk and Trump are doing. What they're doing is dangerous and frankly unconstitutional and they cannot allow it to happen. Now there's some ways in which to go, I think to go about this. That would be smart Senate Democrats should insist, should really say and insist that the house goes first. They should not negotiate. And I think that like if Mitch McConnell was still there, he'd make the house go first because he does not wanna pass a bill that he sends the house, that the house then rejects. He needs that he needs the house to collapse in a heap of their own failure, which they often do. And then hand then what he does is he gets together with Schumer, passes a bill that has some sort of bipartisan agreement, send the house, sends all his members home and says, pass it or be responsible for shutting down the government.


Mm. So the house goes first. That really simplifies things because Democrats aren't the ones shutting down the government. Right. Either Mike Johnson and the House of Republicans can keep it open or they can't. And so leave it on them. That's one. Two, I think you, in the way in which we talk about this, it has to be about the specific things that Elon Musk and Donald Trump have done that have hurt people. Right. Food safety, cancer research, the FAA, having air, having competent air traffic controllers. It cannot be about the power of the purse or congressional prerogatives. And I've already seen some members of Congress and the political servant on this today talking about that cannot be about that. Is that we have to be protecting people from cuts that are hurting them.


Yeah. Like that. That is absolutely essential. And look, there is risk in a shutdown politically, like there a shutdown is going to, we are not the one shutting down the government. Republicans are shutting it down because they cannot pass a bill in the house. They're too incompetent to do it. Or if it gets to the Senate, Republicans are, I mean, the reason they couldn't get democratic votes is because they are just blatantly destroying government with like illegally Previous shutdowns have ha always hap other than previous, previous shutdowns have happened. When the government is divided and the part in the house, usually Republicans in the house refuse to bring up a bill to keep it open. Right. Or they pass something they know the president won't sign.


Republicans control all the levers of government. If they can't keep this thing open, that's on them. And there is political risk in this. Like shutdowns are bad. People get hurt in them. We don't, we do not want this to happen. But also we do not, we cannot save the Republicans from themselves here. Yeah. Because it's the one point of leverage we have. And there, there is political risk in it. Right? There absolutely always is. But I think the greater political risk in the long term for Democrats here would be to walk away from a fight when the party absolutely must demonstrate strength. Must find a point of conflict where we can demonstrate to the American people, we can grab their attention and demonstrate to the American people what it is we stand for and who we're fighting for.


And if we walk away from that, we're not gonna get another opportunity. No, I was gonna say we, we have said now many times the Democrats don't have much leverage and much power in this Trump presidency, at least for these two years. And that is true except for moments like this. Right. Moments where you need 60 votes in the Senate is like the only leverage we have. And we've just talked about stories where the courts are issuing rulings that are not being followed. Where Elon Musk and his people are going in getting access to our private data and personal information. They are firing people that are providing services that are in some cases lifesaving, that people depend on.


And Democrats are complaining, sending letters. In some cases Republicans are starting to complain and send letters. Those letters are not being responded to at all. Donald Trump and Elon Musk are basically saying fuck off, as are the rest of the people that they have in the government. There are nominees that were voted into the cabinet that just lied during their hearing, said they weren't gonna do this, weren't gonna do that. And now we're just doing it anyway. So like Yeah. Yeah. That you need our, if you want our votes in the Senate, then you need to like start following the fucking law and being responsible stewards of people's tax dollars and not cutting the services that they depend on. It's just, there has been this real dissonant times between democratic rhetoric and democratic actions.


We talk about the existential threat of Donald Trump. We talk about the deeply damaging things he is doing or could do. And then we then, but our response exists in the frame of normal politics. Yes. And if this is as dangerous as we believe it is, and I think Senate and House Democrats believe it is as they say it is, then you have to be willing to engage in more politically risky maneuvers to try to do something to stop it. Yeah. Yeah. And I think, like, I think they need the fight, you know, well, we'll be talking more about this in the next couple weeks. One more thing here on the serious topics list. It's a long list.


On Wednesday, Jeff Bezos sent out a memo to the staff of the Washington Post, which of course he owns. Saying that from here on out, the opinion page would quote, be writing every day in support in defense of two pillars, personal liberties and free markets. We'll cover other topics too, of course. But viewpoints opposing those pillars will be left to be published by others. He then informed staff that David Shipley, the opinion editor, would be leaving the paper as a result of his decision. Former Washington Post journalist, gene Weingarten today also reported that a piece about Bezos's new policy by post media reporter Eric Wemple was killed. You wrote a message box about this on Wednesday.


Give us your take. This is a very sad day for the Washington Post. The Washington Post is, while it's been struggling financially in recent years, is one of the most important media institutions in the country. It is famed as a media institution that will cover anyone and everything without fear of favor. That will stand up to incredibly powerful forces in this country. They took down a president, they published the Pentagon Papers, and for They come up with a slogan, democracy dies in darkness. Which That was kind of on the, that was in the, probably the beginning of the decline feels, it Feels a long way away, doesn't it? Yes. But now the, at least the opinion section of that paper is nothing more than an organ for the billionaire with multiple interests in front of the federal government that owns the paper.


Yeah. And what I think this, so this is a problem for the post. It's deeply demoralizing and unfair to the journal. The very good journalists of the Post who do very good reporting, they deserve much better than this because this is, this has caused people to cancel their subscriptions. It has caused people to not trust the work they are doing. And I think it also is, and this is the broader point, it is just another signal about the dangers of corporate owned media. Right? The 21st century was a period of media consolidation. Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post. Comcast bought NBC, the Walt Disney Corporation bought a BC news. The CNN is owned by Warner Discovery. And for a long time, even as those were good purchases, because the journal business journalism was so good that they were profit engines for these companies and they were good for the brand.


'cause they were, they also owned these valuable news brands that meant a lot in recent years. And because of that, these corporations abided by the traditional firewall between the business and news side, they did not get involved in interfering. Over the course of time, the financial value of these journalistic organizations within these larger conglomerates came down. They're now, they still make money, but they're declining assets. In fact, in some cases they're drags on the stock price because people know that these networks are in inexorable decline because of changes in how people consume media. And now the firewalls are starting to come down because they know, they believe that Donald Trump will hold the larger corporation and its interests hostage over the coverage of the news entity.


And so we see this in the with Good reason. Yes. They're, they're not wrong for thinking that. Right. Also, remember in the first term, Donald Trump just called it the Amazon Washington Post and, and threatened them all over The place and canceled a and try, or at least tried, I can't remember the full deals, but tried to cancel a Pentagon contract with Amazon. Yep. Jeff Bezos has Amazon contracts and Blue Origin a space company depends on federal funding. And all of them worry about regulatory scrutiny in a vengeful way from the Trump administration and many and what they want, which The f the new FCC chair has been carrying out. Right. And that's what they, what they wanted. Many of them want to merge with other companies. They wanna buy companies and they know that Trump will Trump's FCC or FTC, whatever else is involved in it.


We'll hold 'em. And so there are some examples here. Right. The Disney Corporation has been in the cross hairs of Republicans for a couple of years now. They settle a pretty specious lawsuit involving George Stephanopoulos pretty $15 million donation to the Trump Library. Trump has an even more specious lawsuit against 60 Minutes involving the editing of a Kamala Harris interview. Paramount, the Paramount Corporation, which owned CBS News is, has been bought by Skydance, a production company owned by Trump's buddy, Larry Ellison's son David, that is going to need approval Yep. From the FCC. And so what, what is Sherry Redstone the owner of Paramount wanna do? She wants to settle that lawsuit, that absurd lawsuit in order to stay on Trump's good side.


And so the few, the, the point here is that media is changing the war, the era of corporate media has come to an end because the firewalls are coming down. And so you mentioned the Eric Wimple thing, right? Eric Wimple actually is a, as I understand, is a columnist for the Post. He's on the opinion side, right? But the story the post ran about this was basically the press release from Jeff Bezos. Right? It doesn't say there, there's no report, there's, there's a fewer inside the post in a different era. The story would be about the reaction within the post, right? We've seen this in the New York Times when there's been certain situations when, And, and probably ironically, the Times or Politico or Puck or someone else will write the story and about The Turmoil inside.


And now the Post can't, And the Post did not do it. And so like, what do we think is going to happen when, let's say the post were to stumble on this, the example I used in my message box where let's say the post were to stumble on a scoop akin to the excess Hollywood tapes, or when the New York Times got Trump's tax returns, are they gonna publish that? Well, you know, they, Jeff Bezos just paid $40 million to Melania for a documentary. Yeah. Three times more than anyone else had ever offered for a documentary that she'll be pocketing 70% of that a Million dollars to the inauguration. Yeah. A million dollars to the inauguration. She gets to sit there. So, no, I don't think they'd be publishing That ob obviously, if Jeff Bezos stopped the, the publication, like there'd be mass association at the Post, it'd be the end of it.


Like, we would all know that. But that's the future. And my argument, and I think, and this obviously self-serving for a whole host of reasons, but it's also why we do these jobs and why we're in this business. And suppose something else is the future of media is not, corporate is independent. Yeah. It means it's gonna, like entities will be smaller, right? 'cause the economics have changed and they're gonna be more transparent about their biases. Right. Some of it'll be like purely traditional objective journalism. Some of it'll be, you know, what we're doing here at Cookie Media Pod Save America, or what I'm running on the message box. But that, that is the future. And like, as I said to people is if you want a better media ecosystem, you gotta build it yourself, which means you have to support these entities. And look, I know, and, and I don't want a media world where it's all just, you know, takes flying left and right.


And that's all that we have, right. You know, like we need to make journalism a viable business. But you're right, that, like independent journalism, which is, you know, there's not, there's not enough of it right now. That is the, that's gotta be the future at this Point. Yeah. And the, the economics are very hard. Some of it's non-profit, like ProPublica, some of it is smaller stuff like what our friend Jessica Yellen's doing at News. That noise. There's, but there's just, it just, it's a world. And you just, there is this inherent and irreconcilable tension between a media entity who views its job as trying to hold the powerful accountable being owned by a large corporation with multiple business interests before the powerful.


And this is all true. And it is a, it is a story about corporate media and where it's headed. It's also a story just about, like, this is what happens in authoritarian governments. Yeah. You know, and like, this is hungry shit. This is like Russia. I mean, Peter Baker. Yeah. The New York Times was talking about the, as we we're gonna talk about this with Jen in the inside 2025 episode too. But the idea that the, now the Trump White House is just picking the press pool. So they get to pick who covers them from the press, and they have like, you know, gateway pundit and OAN there. And he was like, you know, I covered, I was the, the Moscow Bureau chief for a while for New York Times. And this is like Russia. Yeah. You know, it's not Russia yet, but it certainly looks like the beginning.


And the idea that now the, now corporate America media, corporate media owners, whatever else, are now basing their business decisions and basing their other decisions on like, what, on, on how to make sure they either curry favor with Trump or don't piss off Trump is, it's getting to a pretty scary place. Okay, we're gonna take a quick break, but two quick announcements before we do. Trump's given his first joint address to Congress this coming Tuesday, March 4th. Come hang with us. We're gonna, we're gonna be there, the whole gang, Tommy Lovett. Dan and I are gonna live stream a preview of the speech on Tuesday at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific on the Pod Save America. YouTube will break down what to expect, and we're gonna take some questions from friends of the pod subscribers.


So check that out. Then when the speech starts at 9:00 PM Eastern, 6:00 PM Pacific, head over to the Friends of the Pod Discord for a subscriber only live chat where you can sort of process everything and feel just a little bit less alone. And then of course, we'll have an episode out the next day about


the speech. Also stay tuned at the end of this episode for a preview of our exclusive subscriber series inside 2025. As I mentioned earlier, Dan and I have talked to Jen Psaki. We break down how modern presidents have used the press to their advantage, what it takes to control the narrative and how Democrats are doing in the early days of Trump 2.0 to get access to shows like Inside 2025. And to ask us questions on the State of the Union live stream, and get access to our discord and all our other great subscriber only shows. Join friends of the pod at crook.com/friends, or directly from the Pod Save America Feed on Apple Podcasts. You can get started with a free seven day trial


Pod. Save America is brought to you by Beam. Here's the thing about sleep. It's the foundation of whole body health, Tommy. That's true. When we sleep well, our minds and our bodies perform at their best. Good sleep is both mental and physical and our daily performance depends on it. That's why I'm so excited to talk about Beams Dream Powder, a science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep. We love Beam Dream Beam Dream is good. Tastes really good. Yeah. It's like you like hot cocoa. You like sleep. Why don't you have one before bed and then I have two. Boom, you're out. You're out. Like a light. This bedtime essential is so decadent and totally guilt-free and available in delicious flavors like sea salt, caramel brownie batter, vanilla chai, and the Beam Dream powder, original flavor, cinnamon cocoa, each serving as only 15 calories and zero grams of sugar. We can say this with confidence. Better sleep has never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of REI magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Beam Dream is easy to add to your nighttime routine. Just mixed dream into hot water or milk froth and enjoy before bed. If you wanna try beam's bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/crooked. And use code crooked at checkout that shop beam.com/crooked and use code crooked for up to 40% off.


This podcast is supported by Comedy Central's Emmy award-winning series, the Daily Show, John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are covering every minute of every hour of President Trump's second, first 100 days in office with brand new episodes every weeknight from the lowest lows to the highest lows and everything in between. They'll be there to break it all down. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. New tonight at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus.


All right, we have a New Friday show semi tradition around here. We're gonna make it a fucking tradition. You're gonna like it. All right, we alright. We got new tradition around here. It's our segment. Wait, did that really happen? We're gonna listen to the three craziest moments from this week. And look, if we missed a crazy moment and, and these aren't the three craziest, please let us know. 'cause there's a lot of crazy moments this week. These are just three that really stuck out to us. This is a really just great engagement tool. Yeah. You know what Tweeted us? So we're gonna listen to the three crazy moments and then we're gonna try to put the shattered pieces of our brains back together. All right. First up, this is, this is an AI generated video about Gaza that the president of the United States, Donald Trump, posted to his social accounts on Tuesday nights.


Donald's not gonna set you free bringing delight all to sea. No more tunnels, no more fear Trump, God. A finally here Trump, God, a shining bright golden future, a brand new light feast. And the deal is done. Trump gza number one, Trump GA shining bright golden future, a brand new light feast. And the deal is done. Trump gza number one. Okay. For those of you who are not watching on YouTube, you're gonna, this is a, a good opportunity to just go to our YouTube channel and start watching here because you gotta see the video And while you're there, like, and subscribe, like, Of course. Yeah, of course. Lemme tell about the content.


But the VIIA, I mean the, the audio, the audio is pretty fucking nuts, but it does not do the whole thing justice. You gotta see the video, which involves Elon Musk many times dancing, AI generated Elon Musk, AI gen. Yeah. Ai. There's all AI generated Elon Musk and there's, there's like cash showering down on him a couple times. There's golden statues of Trump in Gaza, and everyone's very excited about the golden statues of Trump in Gaza. There's A Trump Gaza casino, there's A Trump Gaza casino. There's a shirtless Trump and a shirtless BB Netanyahu on the beach together. That's the last scene in Gaza. I mean, it's like, you wanna laugh, you wanna be like, I can't fucking believe this is real.


And also it's like, just horrible and awful when you think about like, what has happened in Gaza, what is happening in Gaza right now? And just like the, the death and destruction and starvation and everything that's happening. And then like the president of the fucking United States puts this video up. What is going on? I mean, Trump shares a lot of memes that somehow make it to him. I don't know how they get there. And sometimes I feel like we're a little like overly pedantic about it. We're like, oh, how can the president of the United States do this? And it's like, you know what? Everyone can relax a little. But the president of the United States is already a ridiculous human being. This is low on the list of concerns, but this is one that is particularly offensive. Yeah. And just 'cause it just shows such disregard for the people in Gaza, the people who have family in Gaza.


Yep. You know, it just, it is, it's so callous and so cool to, to think that that's funny with what is going on there is just, it like, it just shows the fact that his, there is no soul there. It's like just a bottomless hole. Yeah. Everything is just like, just memes and fun and whatever else. Like who care. And, and, and he actually, he probably somewhere in his fucking deep aled mind, somewhere in his fucking aled mind, he probably actually thinks like, I'm sure it's not gonna look the video, but like, yeah, I can, I can remake Gaza as the Riviera of the Middle East, as he said in a fucking press conference And put a casino there. It's, it's fucking dark man. All right. Second, we have Trump making an announcement in the Oval Office about a new immigration policy.


We're gonna be selling a gold card. You have a green card. This is a gold card. We're gonna be putting a price on that card of about $5 million and that's gonna give you green card privileges. Plus it's gonna be a route to citizenship. And wealthy people will be coming into our country by buying this card. They'll be wealthy and they'll be successful and they'll be spending a lot of money and paying a lot of taxes and employing a lot of people. Would a Russian oligarch be eligible for a gold Carbon? Yeah, possibly. Hey, I know some Russian oligarchs that are very nice people. It's possible. This is it that we want, we wanna be, we wanna be importing Russian oligarchs now, just let's, we're against immigration now, unless it's rich oligarchs from abroad That we're selling American citizenship for the price of $5 million.


So price. Yeah, that's right. That's what we're doing now. We've come a long way from the principles of the Statue of Liberty right here. Yeah, Yeah. No, I would say It, it's so ridiculous that it's almost hard to believe like you're probably too young for this is where our age difference comes in. But do you ever see the HBO Sketch comedy show Mr Show with Baba Karki David Cross? Yeah. This is almost like word for word what a Mr. Show skit would be. 'cause they used to really make fun of like really bad infomercials on TV all the time. This is what it sounds like. You like green cards? Try a gold card. Also, I, I'd love to know what like the Steve Bannons and the hardcore Maga people think of this because they don't want any immigration. Should We just ask Tommy?


Right. They don't, they don't want any, any immigration whatsoever. 'cause they just don't like immigrants. Right. If you hate their problem is not necessarily what kind of immigrants are coming or how they're coming, whether it's illegal or legal immigration. They just don't like immigrants. And now Donald Trump is like, oh, for 5 million bucks a pop, first of all. Like also, and they're like, oh, they'll be, they'll be carefully vetted. Like there's, this is so ripe for abuse for sketchy people. I mean like Jesus Christ. I mean for people like Andrew Tate, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. The Tate brothers accused of sexual assault. There's reporting that the Trump administration had leaned on Romania to let them leave Romania where they were under house arrest and they were free today and ended up in Florida.


And then Trump said he didn't know anything about it. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. But that's what, that's what we're getting now. Real Push will push Kevin to shove is when Romania wants him back for their trial. And what happens then? Well, even Ron DeSantis was like, I'm not keeping, no, I don't, I didn't ask for this. We're not, we don't want this. What's Nothing you can do about it? Yeah. Yeah. What is, Just send him to Alabama. Like, I don't, All right, here's the last one. Oh, and by the way, the gold card's not, he can't do it. Trump can't. It's gotta be passed by an act of Congress. You can't, you can't just unilaterally do that. Or can you John? Well where's the, I mean, who, what maybe, who knows? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, you're right. Maybe. Maybe it's 5 million bucks a buck. Many of the principles of schoolhouse rock and operative now where We is, like Assad gonna come here.


Putin maybe, is that we're gonna get, we're just gonna get all the oligarchs and autocrats around the world. Just gonna come pay $5 million to come to America. It's just, I live it fucking Mar-a-Lago and Florida. I just can't believe people would really be into the selling of American citizenship to the highest bidder. You know, it's, it's Trump's America. Alright, last one. And we have saved the best for last. Yes. Lemme tell you, here's a photo of three people standing outside the White House. Again, for those of you who aren't watching on YouTube, that's Chaya Reic, also known as Libs of TikTok. It's someone named DC Draino. He's a real meme guy. Jack Ec, EC, whatever his fucking name is.


You know What? Don't even try to another Right wing influencer, Liz Wheeler, another right wing MAGA podcaster, they're all right wing social media influencers. They're holding up a binder, they're each holding up their own binder that says the Epstein files Volume one declassified. But alas, there was almost no new info about the Epstein trial in those binders, which made the MAGA internet very mad. Especially when the Republican House judiciary account tweeted in all caps with the alarm emojis breaking Epstein files released with the link that when you clicked it led to this.


That's Right. Dan, The House share committee. Rick rolled America. Rick Rolled America. What the fuck would you like to talk would how? I don't even know how to get into this for people who are so confused right now. It, I have so many questions. Yeah, I Do you wanna ask me? Maybe I can, Well, lemme ask you a question because I have, I've gone a little deep on this. Why were the Epstein files classified? They weren't. Okay. That was just a lie. Okay, thank you. That was just now keep in mind, so these social media influencers were in the White House with Pam Bondy, the Attorney General Cash Patel, the FBI director. I think Trump stopped by to say hi. Oh, of course you think Trump's missing that meeting? Yeah. And because Pam Bondy had promised many times that the Epstein files would be released.


Right? There's this big thing. So then they get the Epstein files and it's all stuff that has been released before in some cases, years before. In fact, you can go on Amazon and buy like a, an Epstein files thing, which like has whatever evidence they had that was publicly available. And it's basically what was in the binders. Okay. So now everyone's really mad about that. So they're like, oh fuck, what are we gonna do? Liz Wheeler, one of the social media people decided to tell the whole story. And so she said the FBI was told to deliver the files to Bondi. They did about 200 pages. Bondi smelled a rat because there was nothing juicy in the 200 pages. Just flight logs and Rolodex of phone numbers, no smoking gun still.


Bondi promised to release the documents. So she prepared a binder of them. Then last night before the binders were delivered to all the influencers, a whistleblower contacted Bondi and revealed that the SDNY, the Southern District of New York was hiding potentially thousands of Epstein files, defying bondy's order to give them all to her. We're talking recordings, evidence, et cetera. The juicy stuff names these swamp creatures at SDNY deceived Bondy Cash. And you America be outraged that the binder is boring. You should be, because the evil deep state lied to your face.


And so next thing that happens is that Pam Bondi sends a sternly worded letter to Cash Patel saying, Hey, we have both been lied to and that the deep state, FBI and the, and the deep state goons at the Southern District of New York, the Justice Department that is now filled with Trump people somewhere is hiding the real Epstein files. And she's demanding that they be delivered to her tomorrow Friday. When you're listening to this today, Everything is so stupid. Also, it's funny, it's also about like, like sex trafficking of children, this whole thing. And I don't know what people are looking for.


They have all, all the maga people have gotten themselves into this space where they think that there's some Epstein files, I guess is gonna be like a list of high profile Democrats and democratic leaning celebrities and media figures who have all helped Jeffrey Epstein traffic children, I guess this is what they're looking for. Yeah. That's what they think is there. They think it's like a Pizzagate thing. It it's exactly, it is part of the is which The Pizzagate guy was at the White House Pizzagate Cuban non conspiracy narrative that exists. This is what they think and they think these files are there. And, but it is, here's what's interesting about it. Tell me, Well, I've been, I I, I've been thinking about this for a while because they now have everything. They've won everything, right? They got the, they got the White House, they've got this right wing media apparatus.


They've got the FBI, they've got, they've got it all. They've won all the branches, but they still have a bunch of dumb conspiracy theories that aren't true. They're still gonna fuck things up as they have been in the last month. They're not gonna get their way all the time. And so they are still going to blame, have people to blame. Like lest we think, oh, they own everything now and now who now who are they gonna blame? They always find people to blame. There's always deep state people out there that still haven't been, you know, found in the agencies and they're still, they're still lurking and they miss the purge, miss them. And so there's always some kind. There's gonna be democratic governors who are villains or any, anywhere there's an elected Democrat, anywhere there's someone in the media who is not loyal to Trump anywhere.


There's some bureaucrat who isn't a loyalist to maga they'll be blamed to blame to be cast by the Trump administration. Yeah. Mean that's the entire evil genius behind the deep state narrative is it allows Republicans and control everything and have someone within their own government to blame. Now that can work with a segment of people who are looking for reasons to stick with Donald Trump. And there are a lot of People You mean fucking crazy people. Yeah, well, I I mean just Republican based voters. Right, right. If you like Donald Trump. Well, I'm saying that the, I was thinking about the Pizzagate, the pizza and just the, I the Pizzagate is off the, but just this idea that Donald Trump is failing because someone inside the government is preventing him from succeeding, which is how a lot of Republicans justified trump's colossal failures in his first term.


Yeah. But that's not gonna work for everyone. No, it's not. Isn't. You're right. I, I totally agree with that. I just think it is wild that the Attorney General of the United States sent a letter to the FBI director saying that there's a deep state hiding files that are going to expose corruption from Jeffrey Epstein who is dead. Let's Just follow the story closely. Anyway, that's our crazy shit for, for this week. That's our cha for today. But you're about to hear a special preview of our subscription show inside 2025. This is Dan and Jen and I, we talked about White House communication strategy and press strategy. It's a great episode. Again, sign up for ad free episodes of Pod Save America and all our subscriber only shows all kinds of other good stuff at cricket.com/friends or through Apple Podcasts.


Here's inside 2025. I think there is a way to be respectful and valuing the freedom of the press without being so old school wrapped up into the rules they want you to live by. Because they're not effective in terms of how you communicate with the public anymore. And that is like, you gotta, like if you're running for president now, you're gonna be in the White House. You gotta throw out some of how some of this is done to state the obvious. Yeah, I would just, one other thing on this, 'cause I can't let it go, is part of the problem for the press here is they have a boy who cried wolf problem. Mm. Yeah. Which if you, if you screen that the president not having a formal press conference or not doing enough rope lying q and as is an abridgement of freedom of speech, then people are gonna take you less seriously.


Yeah. When there is an actual threat to press freedom, which is what happened to this president. Yeah. There there's been too much confusion between the First Amendment and access. Yes. And when you get mad about it, when you, when you paint access or transparency as assault on freedom of speech, then you're, and you are sort of, you're setting yourself up for when the actual threat to freedom of speech comes to be taken less seriously. Yeah. And also the American people, I don't think, believe that the only person who can ask a president a question is somebody who has a seat in the White House briefing room. That's just because it's not so, you know, the notion that they're the only ones, it just isn't how the world works anymore. But yes, that was better stated than what I said. I was getting at the same point. It's an interesting fight that the Trump people are picking and I think part of the reason they're doing it is just for the sake of having the fight.


Because like Trump himself Yeah. It's not like he's not visible and not out there answering questions and doesn't like to mix it up with the press. Like he is in our faces way more than even his first term. Yeah. And so he's like willing to answer questions. If he doesn't like your question, he'll yell at you. He'll lie. He will, you know, do do whatever. But he is answering those questions. So it's, it's funny that they are kicking out press even though he is very available to the press. It's, it's weird. But don't you think it's because they think it's, and I think it is effective, unfortunately in getting some to obey in advance, right? Yes. To not do stories so that they don't piss them off to do extra outreach to go like so beyond the pale at the extra mile and you know, look at all these payouts that have happened from, and more will happen.


I mean, they will sue all, maybe all of us, I don't know. And like, sorry, I get just because I say it doesn't mean it's, if I don't say it, it doesn't Mean matter. Hey, Jen works is the network that was the subject of a truth yesterday. We were. Yes. Well, congratulations to me. But you know, I I I think it's, it is, it is that, and and it doesn't mean it's like people outlets or or or reporters are gonna be like, oh, we're obeying in advance now. They just do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I think they know that it can work in some capacity. Yeah. So before we go, Jen, you started to give advice to future democratic presidential candidates, future democratic comms directors, press secretaries.


We have talked over the years about press strategies, communication strategies, message strategies. It seems like now we need attention strategies. What are, what are some good attention strategies for future people who are gonna sit where you guys sat, hopefully Democrats someday? Oh my God, that's such a good question. I mean, I'm gonna steal a little bit of what Dan said, which is like Democrats sometimes don't take advantage of the cultural moments. It doesn't have to just be the Super Bowl. Sometimes there is an unwillingness or discomfort in showing all sides of yourself. You know, I mean there's a lot of like extremely smart Democrats out there.


A lot of 'em are elected. You don't have to always talk like you are defending your PhD thesis right. At every moment. You can talk about your love for sports, football, art, cultural things, music, whatever it may be. There is a stiffness sometimes is one of the things I would say. Maybe there's Yep. Another way of saying it. But everybody needs to let their hair down a little bit more. I don't know, I just use 12 analogies. But I think, you know what I mean, you're right. The other thing I would say about communicators, which is less about the attention, but I do think it helps you in this regard, is one of the things that helped me in being the bridesmaid many times for the press secretary job and never the bride until finally, is that you have to know the policy and the, the policy and the substance of the person you're working for.


What do they believe? Why do they believe it? What's the answer to the 18th question? Sometimes people think of being a press secretary and this is where people get confused about the attention question as being able to craft a good tweet or x or whatever the hell we're calling it. It's not just that. It's like you've gotta understand the depth of the housing policy so you can help your boss figure out how to communicate and talk about it in a human way. Yep. And sometimes I think that part is undervalued. Yeah, no, I I, I hear that because I had to become, I, I had to become an expert in like 10 different, like every topic, but like an inch deep, right? Like I didn't wanna go too deep on it. I'm like, I think of like, which I still don't know if I could explain now, but like credit default swaps was like a phrase that came out of my mouth a lot in 2009.


No, me and you both. In 2009, Larry Summers had to teach us about that. And I was a great teacher, Dan. Okay. I give a few pieces of advice. The first is when I was the, I was the communications director of the transition, which meant one of my jobs was to try to figure out how to set up the White House communications office. And so they handed me a binder on my first day, which had the org charts for every White House communications in the press office from Jimmy Carter until George W. Bush. And the thing that is so fucking alarming is the Carter and the Bush ones are almost exactly the same. Yeah. Thank You. And you know what? Frankly it's changed some, but not that, not that much. Not much. Not much. Yeah. And so I would tell every person, if you're about to start a, your presidential campaign, your senate campaign, your senate office job, whatever it else, take the org chart you have and light that thing on fucking fire.


Yep. Because what it is is that's, we're all we're doing is we're building on a view of communications that uses the traditional legacy media as the primary vehicle for delivering our message. So we have to get, and if you keep just tinkering around the edges, you're always gonna keep doing the same thing. It's why legacy media brands keep failing. 'cause they keep trying to become digital by just appending onto the old print infrastructure, whatever. It's, so that's one dish dash, you gotta Doge that org chart. Oh. Sometimes we're pro doge. I need a dozen guys under the age of 22 who didn't go to the prom. Get big balls To get to a big balls will help you. There you go. The second thing is we have to think about communications as message delivery.


Right? It's both. It's all, it's all content generation or message generation in our heads. Like what's the event we do? What's the interview we do? What's the social media post we do? The real question is the one we should build all of our infrastructure on is how do you get the piece of information that you want to put out in front of the people that you need to see it? It used to be that you would just put it out in the press and they would organically consume it in some way, shape or form. It doesn't work that way anymore. So you have to have an actual plan to do it. And you have to build up an infrastructure that allows it, that includes both like very aggressive influencer work, organic social stuff. And actually the thing that I I'm most passionate about is empowering your supporters to be your messengers. Right.


To actually carry your message. And the next thing, and I said it Jen saying it, but it's so important is, and everyone says politics is downstream of culture. And that is true. But the thing that I think in terms of communications is if you are a politician, find the thing outside of politics that you are passionate about and can talk about authentically and go talk about that thing all the time. Yeah. Like I still am so struck by the Kamala Harris interview on caller daddy and it was all policy. Yeah, Yeah. Like, you know, the Trump interview, obviously the caller daddy was like 30 minutes and the Trump RO interview was three hours. But the part of the Trump ro interview that worked for him was when he was just talking about UFC. Yeah. Like a guy who came like if a UFC fan. Right. And like for some segment of his audience that's it is persuadable universe.


That's a big deal. If it's sports, go talk about sports all the time. If it's pop culture, talk about pop culture. If you go talk about what was on White Lotus, or which Bravo shows you like, or which music you like. Right? Yeah. And because that is a way to connect with people outside of politics. Obama did this all the time. Yeah. Right. And he could, he could do all those things. He could talk about sports, he could talk about movies, but find ways to do that so that you can connect with people on something other than policy. Because if you have that human connection first, then they're gonna be more willing to listen to what you have to say about the other stuff. Can I give them two more pieces of advice? Yes. 'cause we're rooting for these people to bring us back from the brink. Yeah. We are one is, this is so obvious in old school, but like why are you running for president? Please determine the answer to that question.


The second thing is figure out what you actually think of a range of policy issues, right? I mean, we go through this thing where you see politicians try to bend themselves into a pretzel answering questions about any range of issues. And it's like, start with the place. And this is like to comms people who are advising people who may run for president. What do you think about what's happening in Israel? What do you actually think? Right? What do you think should happen with healthcare? And I think sometimes it gets so wrapped up in like poll tested language and words that it's confusing and it doesn't feel authentic. And if you piss some people off, that's okay. And I think we've gotten a little bit away from that.


Yeah. I think use polling and research to help you find the most effective way to talk about what you already believe, what you believe and what you care about and what you wanna prioritize. Right. Like that's, that should be the direction, not the other way around. Yeah. One final piece of advice, John, that's very important. This Is so fun. Is it, you and I have been podcasting for three presidential elections now. Oh my God. And I would say the record of people who've bid on our podcast is want to know, and the record of people who did not go on our podcast is oh two oh oh. Just something, just something to think about. Well, but that is such good, I will say, just to go back to the New York Times editorial board thing.


Yeah. It's like there is still people who are of the age who might run for president, who think if you have a Washington Post up at, I keep picking on them. It's really, I don't, it's not even Jeff Bezos related, like that's written in the print forum. You're reaching America. I'm here to tell you you're not. Yeah. And so actually to Dan's point, don't be so fragile about like what the name of the outlet is. Like who is reaching people and how is it reaching them and is it reaching the audience you're trying to reach? That's it. It doesn't matter what their name is. It doesn't matter how long they've been around. Doesn't matter what their ma Ted is or no masthead. And that that would serve a lot of people Well too. Talk to everyone all the time and just be fucking human just to speak, be human.


Talk like a human talk. Like you're talking to people in your life. And if you talk to people in your life, like you talk as a politician, then don't run for office. Yes, that's true. Please stop yourself. Thanks for listening. If you like what you heard, we hope you'll subscribe at cricket.com/friends or through the Pod Save America feed on Apple Podcasts. Love it. Tommy and I will be back with a new show on Tuesday. Talk to everybody then. Have a great weekend. Bye everyone. If you wanna listen to Pod Save America ad free or get access to our subscriber Discord and exclusive podcasts, consider joining our friends of the pod community at cricket.com/friends or subscribe on Apple Podcasts directly from the Pod Save America feed.


Also be sure to follow Pod Save America on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for full episodes, bonus content and more. And before you hit that next button, you can help boost this episode by leaving us a review and by sharing it with friends and Family Pod Save America is a Crooked Media production. Our producers are David Toledo and Saul Rubin. Our associate producer is Farrah Safari. Reid Hurlin is our executive editor, and Adrian Hill is our executive producer. The show is mixed and edited by Andrew Chadwick. Jordan Kanter is our sound engineer with audio support from Kyle Segund and Charlotte Landis. Madeleine Herer is our head of news and programming. Matt DeGroat is our head of production. Naomi Single is our executive assistant. Thanks to our digital team, Elijah Cohn, Haley Jones, Phoebe Bradford, Joseph Dutra, Ben Hef Coat, Mia Kelman, Molly LaBelle, KIRO Pal Aviv and David Tolls.


Our production staff is proudly unionized with the Writer's Guild of America


East. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


Scott to Scott's here. How did the grass feel when it woke up from winter? A little crabby. Get it crab grass. Right now there's a short wind of time to apply Scott's turf Builder Halt crab grass preventer. It stops crab grass before in raids and feeds your lawn through a fast greenup after winter. Act now to prevent your grass from waking up. Crab is spring. Ah, that joke never gets old, but trust me, crab grass does. Get a bag of Scot's turf builder halts crab grass preventer with lawn food today. Feed alone. Feed it.