
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, let's, I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. Did you hear that exclusive Know if You Don't Lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Your daily Dig on all things pop culture and the conversations that shake the room baby. Now, today, we are back with another episode and y'all know I kick off the episodes with a behind the scenes of the grind, check-in Back on the grind. And if I'm being honest, and if I'm getting behind the scenes of the grind right now, y'all know I've been in court every day after The Breakfast Club. So my days look like I I I've come into Breakfast club later purposely 'cause I be tired.


So I get here, start the day around 6:00 AM go to court. Court normally ends around like 5:00 PM but it's been ending at three o'clock as of this week, which gives me a little bit of time to get home and think about the next day and prepare. But I am people exhausted. I've never, ever, ever in my life understood when people be like, I need to recharge my, my social battery. I thought that that was just like, you know how people use buzzwords from TikTok like gas lighting and toxic masculinity. I thought that hit my social battery and recharging was one of those things until I started going into this courthouse every day where you're hearing all of this information that you have to download and remember and take notes on.


And in real time I'm figuring out how to organize it with what, what I'm gonna talk about on what show. And oh my god, my brain cannot handle it. Like there's not enough to kill it in The World that can prepare you to sit through all these testimonies and things of that nature. So yesterday I told myself that I was gonna start doing a hour of just something that has nothing to do with nothing. That means I sit And I watch a show that is not being talked about. I'm not reporting on, I call a friend who don't care nothing about Diddy and none of the escorts or anything like that. And I started that yesterday and it, it worked out really well for me. So it's been kind of like a, me learning the balance of all of the things that have been happening lately.


Grateful for it nonetheless. But it is definitely, definitely I'm in a space of like learning how to stay mentally balanced and physically healthy while on the grind. So that's where I'm at right now. I hope y'all are doing well, but y'all know I gotta do it because the case is still going on. We have a few weeks left. Gotta take y'all to court 'cause you know, I love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court Coming up this week in court and what I'm preparing to go and do everything I just told y'all about, take notes, download mentally, all of those things is Cassie's mom taking the stand. And we're going to furnish testimony by a man named David who was a previous personal assistant of Diddy's.


He was a personal assistant for two years and he took the stand following Dawn Richard, but he didn't really get to talk for too long because we were nearing the end of the day. But already he's super emotional Emini. Here he is. You could tell he's kind of nervous, but he is very emotional, it feels like, and he hasn't even said this outta his mouth yet, but it does feel like this man almost has been carrying a weight of some sort. And the reason why I say that is because number one, the minute he got on the stand, I told y'all he got emotional. He's been in tears since. But you could just tell by the way that they're setting up his testimony.


So in the opening of his testimony, they established that he was a personal assistant, that he actually, you know, he graduated from college, he did all the things and this is a white guy. He did all the things and he, it was a career personal assistant. He had worked in corporate as a personal assistant for some time and then decided that he wanted to, you know, change lanes and go into the fashion genre of things. He says that there was a article in the New York Times that listed that the CEO of Bad Boy in Combs Enterprises, Sean Combs was looking for a personal assistant in New York and he thought, you know, this will be perfect, this will be a perfect pivot. So he applied and he applied and he applied, he applied multiple times.


He really, really wanted this job. And the prosecution is making sure they do a good job of letting us know he really, really wanted this job. And it wasn't about, oh my God, I wanna work for Diddy or you know, I'm a huge fan. It was about, he is a career personal assistant who honestly thought that taking this job would elevate his career, his capabilities and his resume. And then he got the job and it only lasted for two years. And I'm sure we were gonna find out why. But so they go into the fact that he had been applying for a while. He got the interview. He says that the interview process was very, very professional, but he, he remembers, and, and this is where he really got a little bit emotional, he hesitated when he talks about this, he says that although the interview process was really professional, there was one point in the interview process where he was in the office, there was a photo of Diddy on the wall and the woman that he was speaking with looked up at the photo, had him look up at the photo and say, okay, welcome to Combs Enterprises and welcome to, you know, this, this corporate arena that is surrounded by, or that is built around Sean Combs.


Look up at this photo. Everything we do, and I'm, and I'm, I'm, I'm putting my own words on this, but this is to the effect of what was said. Everything we do is to please him. He is our king. So that already alone tells you and it sets the tone they then go into, you know, and mind you, this guy is like super white collar, like very much like, you know, he, he gives, you know, he could have also ended up on like a Wall Street or something of that nature. So imagine him in this setting where, you know, you have a personality as large as Sean Combs. And he said that it got to a point where Sean Combs is security D Rock, who's the man that they keep, they've been bringing up D Rock since day one.


He alleges that D Rock at one point from the beginning told him, yo, listen, stay in your lane, do your job, mind your business. And he said eventually he learned how to do that. And he also talked about, you know, there were two times where he had a conversation with Cassie and three times where he interacted with her. So Cassie detailed a trip to Miami, which was like her and Puffs first time actually getting together on like a romantic tip and like hanging out even though she was a bad boy artist. And this assistant, this man named David is actually the person who booked all of that travel. 'cause that was his job booking the travel advancing locations for puffs. So going to like hotels and the Sherry Shepherd shows, or back then it would've been Wendy Williams or Ellen or wherever he was going and making sure everything was set the way that it needed to be set.


Hotel rooms, everything, right. So he says, you know, Diddy came to him and was like, you know, I really wanna impress her. I'm bringing her to Miami. So he rented this yacht, he did all the things and Cassie talks about that experience and being on the yacht and that being their first time that like, you know, they were engaging in certain things together as far as certain drugs and you know, that was the first time that they actually had sex and all, all of that stuff. So he's going into detail about this and he's like, you know, after that I've only ever had two conversations with her. In my two years of working for Sean Combs. One of the conversations he recalls, she was super excited about some music she had put together. There was a whole track list. She planned to release this music and then it just never came out.


And I think what the prosecutors are doing by bringing that up is speaking to the fact of what Cassie brought up, where it was like, you know, she suffered, he controlled everything and he used that control over her music, how she lived, where she lived, what she drove, you know, what opportunities she was able to say yes and no to, to control her. So he's speaking to that, he's like, yo, she was so excited she had this track. She was going down the music, she had it all put together. She was, you know, it was already present to Sean Combs. And they were like, well what happened? And he said, it just never came out. And this would've been the second album on that 10 album deal that Cassie let us know that she had had with Bad Boy when she first signed. And then the second time that he said that they had a conversation, he says that they were at, he alleged they were at Sean Combs house in Star Island, which is a very luxurious, exquisite part of Miami where a lot of the celebrities live and they were out smoking cigarettes, bottle the water, just, you know, I guess kicking it in.


She looked over to him and was like, yo, this life is so crazy. And at this point she's in it, she's dealing with, you know, Diddy and all of the things. And he said they're simply like, if it's all crazy, just get out of it. Like, if this is not what you wanna do, just don't do it. 'cause it is crazy. I've been working in it and it is crazy. And he said that that was the first time that he ever heard her, you know, say that she, she can't, everything is tied to Sean Combs at this point. She cannot, like her career where she lives, where she drives her lifestyle, everything is tied, tied to him. So she can't, and then they left off there. They also established, because I think people forget about this in the freak off, the freak off, they forget about this in a Rico, Lord, nah, I done got, I got freak off on my soul.


I need to go to church this weekend. They think about, they forget about this in a Rico that a part of it is just, you know, the way that he dealt with employees as far as labor and the prosecution so far has already established that this man was overworking underpaid. Okay? He said that he was working six to seven days a week, sometimes 20 plus hours a day, making $70,000 a year at max, which is insane. He, he detailed his days. He said his day would start, you know, before 8:00 AM most of the time because he had to be on go set up and ready before Diddy woke up. So he would get to the house before Diddy woke up. He would make sure that, you know, Diddy's breakfast is being prepared, the TV or you know, the, the whatever he wanted entertainment wise was, was ready for him to go so that when he came downstairs, he could just go right into a great vibe to start his day.


So he could be the CEO, he needed to be, he even detailed like, you know, there'd be certain folders. So like in the morning there'd be like, okay, here's a folder of all the business deals that are happening that we need you to sign off on. Then there would be a folder of all the press clippings where Didi would go through and he would look at, okay, what are people saying about me right now? And they would have conversations about that. Then they would get us, get him together. He would, you know, he's getting dressed, he's eating once all that is done, security is then told, okay, we about to move around. He run around, he do his meetings by five, six o'clock. They were in dinners, whether it was a personal dinner, it was a business dinner from then and there they would head to the studio. David says they'd be in a studio till like four o'clock in the morning and David was not allowed to leave Puff for the day until he was given a call.


Time for the morning. He would leave around four sometimes he said, and his call time might be before 8:00 AM or 8:00 AM and then he'd have to do it all again. And he did that for two years. Now what I thought was really interesting too, they they, they set up so much in such a short period of time with him. I thought it was interesting that they talked about just Diddy and the women that he, he was dating and what David got to see as far as that. And Diddy named a list of women. He named two. He named two women that I'd never heard of before. He also named of course Kim Porter and he named Cassie and he said that he'd o overheard a conversation in a car as they were headed somewhere. Diddy was talking to one of his friends in the car.


And I guess the friend was asking him not, I guess I know because he said it. The friend was asking Diddy, you know, how's Kim doing? And allegedly Diddy says, yo Kim is great, she's in la everything, everything's good. She with the babies, that's my queen. She taking care of home and the kids. And then he went into Cassie and he was like, yeah, you know, Emini here. She just, she young and she moldable and you know what Emini here, like I got her right where I want her. And I'm like, oh man, oh here we go. So David have seen some things baby. He up there on the stand trembling and crying. I already knew he done seen some things but, so it's gonna be interesting to hear the rest of his testimony and to also hear Cassie's mom who's gonna be able to talk about, you know, just some of the things she witnessed from her side of it.


Because Cassie talked about a lot of the times where her mom was trying to get her to leave Diddy where Diddy would pull up to sit down and have conversations and apology conversations with her family because of some of the things that they had witnessed. And you know, the ade has, they had saw her physically abuse, not saw him in the act, but you know, she would come home and have scars on her and, and just, just different things. So today is gonna be an interesting day for sure as as every day has been and there's a lot more to come. Dang. I don't know if I should say to come with, okay, yeah, y'all know what Emini here, there's a lot more that's gonna happen that is going to go down. I'll be right there and we'll be right there.


So make sure you guys stay locked And I don't know, predictions I'm assuming would be nice right now. I predict that by the end of this week we will. I don't, I don't think, 'cause people are really questioning the prosecution right now and still asking, but I don't see the evidence. Do they have a case? And I'm like, y'all don't see it. They are slowly but surely railroading Diddy like he is not coming home. I don't know what the sentencing is gonna look like. I don't think that it's gonna be as harsh and egregious as people think, but he's not coming home for sure. But the pro, if he comes home, it'll be like a technical miracle, but they're setting up the case And I think by the end of this week people will feel like, oh, okay, I see it now.


I I I get what they're trying to do. I see the pieces to the puzzle, it's going. We, we got some more weeks left, but I, I see it. Y'all have been on me 'cause I did the Wendy Williams Mother's Day update here. Y'all have been on me to check in on Wendy and see how she's been doing. 'cause it seems like that came and then it just went, which is not what happened. She's gag ordered so she can't talk to media the way that she was before. But I did reach out to check in on her. I know a lot of you guys are like, Lauren, you was giving us so much, Wendy. And then it just stopped. So I reached out trying to figure out what's going on with our girl. So I had that and some other exclusives right back here on the latest with Lauren La Rose at the podcast. But you guys have been enjoying the Diddy conversations and, and you know, me bringing y'all into court with me.


So I'm gonna keep on doing that as well too. So make sure you tweet me, make sure you holler at me when you see me. But don't really holler though. 'cause some of y'all be seeing me in person and it be like, like you be yelling And I be a little freaked out, okay? Like, just talk to me regular. It's okay. But I love meeting y'all. I love seeing y'all tweets. I love seeing you guys engage on social telling me what you like you don't like and just responding to the content. So keep on going. I tell you guys every single episode because it is so true at the end of the day. Y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about all of these things, but y'all choose to be right here with me And I appreciate y'all for it. Low riders, make sure you tell a friend to tell a friend that the latest with Learn the Rosa is where they need to be if they wanna know what is going on.


I'm Lauren La this is the latest with Lauren la And I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.