
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


My five Casino Hi five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com I Five. Casino.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open earbuds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com New York, my 6 7 4 from Ulv number two, Larry Johnson. Let's go ask where we should go.


And y'all flooded it, man, so we appreciate the love, the fact that y'all coming out and, and showing us love. We appreciate y'all Jack. Great way to end this. La red runoff with the, with the absolute legend. Arguably the greatest of all time. Yeah, yeah man. Let's Welcome to the show.


Lawrence Taylor. Man. Hello. How y'all doing guys? It's two times Super Bowl champ. 11 time All Pro. Three time defensive player of the year was robbed with only one MVP in 86. Again, arguably one of the greatest of all time. How? How is life currently right now? I'm sure you getting a lot of golf in You. know what I tell you, my golf game right now is not where it used to be. I heard at one point you were like a two handicap. What? Two? Fuck Two. I mean it say I used to be like a plus two. Ooh. But now You know what? I've gotten old. I've gotten old. God say, Hey, life has treated me poorly.


Oh, I've gotten old. I thought I would never get old You know. I thought I would be the baddest on the earth for at least 50 years. You still up there? Okay. I'm now You still Up there? Michael Straham? We Yeah. Michael Straham. Michael Stray said, said he just stopped being afraid of you. He's intimidating. And it took me until hell recently to not be intimidated when I see lt. No, I tell you, life is what it is. The game of football. I don't watch it the way I used to watch it. You know because now it, it's just changed a little bit.


Nobody want to hit nobody. No You know. So, but we're not gonna talk about my problem. I'm talk about your problems. I'm side college. Just over down. Flip that shit. Right. Urban legend or truth. You've shot 10 hole in ones in Your golf. 10. Yes. Damn. I have have 10. I have 10 of them For the furthest one out. What was your furthest one out? Probably The furthest one. I was two 12. Okay. Because see, I'm not like you. I don't play from the front tees. I play from the whites. I play all the way in The back. And, I, play in the whites. I don't fucking play the, I play all the way The back. I play the whites or the blues. I don't play When I step out. What they, the locker room. I keyed up the in front of the Building.


The tips that You going for. Shit. Hey, playing that stuff. I dunno. This lingo just, I dunno. This Lingo. Hey, everyone said, I mean we talked to James Worthy, we've talked to a lot of different people there. Everyone, you're just a super athlete. Anything you put your mind to, you were able to accomplish. Obviously your football career speaks for yourself, but James Worthy said you used to hoop with them in open gyms. Yes. Be the most athletic person out there. Obviously your golf game is, where did just your athletic prowess come from? I guess I learned from my dad and as I got older, You know I, like I said, I started out as playing baseball. Okay. You know I was, when I was six years old, I went out for baseball. I made every Allstar team until every Allstar team.


Except for my first year. My first year I didn't it then every other team, I was always at All Star. And one day at Lafayette High School, the, the coach came to me. He said, listen, hey You know you need to come out and play football. I've been playing baseball. You know What grade was this going into my junior year. God, he just started You know. He said, listen, hey, 11th grade you should have start You know you need to play. And he challenged me to go out there and play football. So I went out for the six first six weeks.


Man, they just kicked my ass. I mean all this, damn, I'm running, what the fuck I'm Running for All this, all this hitting. I ain't mad at nobody. Yeah. And then in my junior year, the first play of the second quarter, the guy in front of that, it was, I was the second team You know. And he, he went down And. I had a great game. I had a great game. I won the game for the team in stuff. It was a great game. And guess what?


The next game, I got better. Then I got better, then I got better. Hmm. Then I got better and got And. I got better and end up all American You know. Well the top players in the country, short amount of time. I just got better and better and better. That's crazy. And then my senior year, I still played baseball. And lemme tell you something, I was a hell of a baseball player. What position? I was the catcher. Mm. But hey, when I hit a ball, nobody say I got it. They say I go get it. Okay.


Yeah. That's For real. But I tell you, I enjoyed and, and And I my junior year, my senior year. And then all of a sudden I, I go to college and play, play football. Once I got that thing in my mind that it is, I, I couldn't even go to sleep. Every, every when I go to bed at night And say I'm playing a team the next morning or or the next day, by the time I get to the game, I've already played that game 20 times already. Yeah. I've already played it 20 times. I, I already know what the hell you going to do.


Alright. Ain't but so many, listen the guidelines up here and you give 'em the ball ain't, but ain't but so much you can do with. Okay. And that's You know shit. You can either run here or you line up on the play. And I, look at your formation. Ain't but so much you can do from a formation. You can't just, you can't just make it happen. No, no. And guys gotta, gotta learn how to read the formation because You know there's a hundred plays in, in, in, in, in football or a hundred different blades and stuff. Well, If, you look at the formation, you can narrow, narrow down, down it down Yeah.


To three or four plays. Aint even so many things you can do. And if it's somebody else move, God damn aint but one thing you can do. Yeah. All. So, and that's how I, you broke down. That's how I, I looked at the game. Game. The science of it. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the science of it, the game. And then don't act. Now if I was in the science class, I wouldn't know what the fuck I was Talking. I wouldn't, I wouldn't understand you either. If, you talking. Yeah. Just me too. Oh shit. Before we get into football, I, I really want to touch on what do you remember about the pickup games in North Carolina on the basketball court? I mean, you were in school with some, Some, but let me tell you something. Hey look, we hit back in the day, we used to dead going to go out there and we'd play and play and, and I remember for the, was it the intermediate Interm Mules?


Yeah. Yeah. We won the championship because hey You know, but we was disqualified 'cause we cheated. But You know. No, we ain't really cheat. One of our players, he was act he wasn't actually in school. Oh, okay. Yeah. Legal recruitment Technicality against us. But I used to go out there and play with all the boys. I mean, Jordan, James, worthy Perkins, All those guys that I used to go out there and play. And what Was your hoop game like? Huh? What was your game like though? Well, see the problem is I couldn't hit nothing from like 35 feet, but 31 anything.


And they used to say, hey, they just say, listen. Well, I I could, I could, I could shoot the ball. I could, I'm, and I'm decent in defense. Hey, I only got mad because they only give you six fouls shit. Can you imagine this motherfucker guard you And getting more than six fouls? I need more than six fives. Imagine somebody, imagine you having more than six. Foss gonna be dead out there. LT is on me. I'm passing that bitch. Cut it out. Someone else do something Swinging. I love the years at Carolina. I think it's one of the best schools far as getting meeting people and, and, and, and just the the whole preparing you for life.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I've, I've been to a lot of shit. A lot of shit at Carolina You know, been threatened to kick. I may listen one year. Okay. I'm not gonna tell you. Please tell, tell you, come on. I'm a player going into my shit senior year and we're out. I and some of my boys and stuff. And they got this big old festival and stuff. Right. So we go to the festival 'cause it's right there at the Aaron House and we go to the festival and a couple of my boys stole a couple of items from the festival.


So they gave him to me the whole, because like You know, ain't nobody gonna fuck with me. I mean, start my language, but No, you're good. Good. Ain't nobody gonna mess with me. So I sit there, And I held the ambulance, and then all of a sudden the, the, the, the lady, that's what the ta or whatever that, that the lady is, she came over there and started fussing, arguing, stuff like that. Anyway, I got sent to what, what, what, what? Back in college, the dean to court. Okay. You know the campus court shit.


You know. Okay. So I got sent there, me and a couple of my other boys. And so what they did is I wasn't allowed to stay on South campus anymore. You know. So I wasn't allowed to stay on stamp campus. And You know, just going into my senior year and I'm worried about if I'm going to be able to play my senior year. So decided no, he can play. He just not allowed to be on South campus. Okay. So they put us on a, in a building on North campus.


Four, four story building. And it was four of us guys for the, we all had a floor. I could stay on the first floor. Somebody else gotta stay on the second floor. Third, fourth, greatest thing they ever had. So I was gonna say, so you got in trouble and it got better. Oh God. Greatest thing we ever had. It was a girl. Hey. And it was a girls dormitory right across the was to the greatest. It was the greatest. It was the greatest. One time. The trouble was, okay, that wouldn't worked for me. Hey, all bad. I bad Trouble turns into gold. Oh Man. Man. I'll tell you, Speak to your friendship. Obviously every You know you got a, a good relationship with Michael Jordan.


But how'd that start? And, and, and how is it and what are those golf matches like? I know you guys both being very competitive. Well, Mike, when I actually, my senior year, not my senior year, right after my senior, my rookie year in, in at the Giants, Mike came to school that year. So I came back to finish up school that summer. And so he was playing with the team, practicing with the team. And, and what was, what's the coach's name? Dean Smith. Dean Smith. Dean Smith allowed me to practice with him.


Oh shit. Right. He allowed me to practice with, and Mike was always, every time I turned around, he just say, Hey, calling foul, foul, foul, foul. Like, I just hit you a little bit. Come on, man. So every time Mike had the ball, I wanted to guard, I wanted to guard Mike. 'cause he was, and then he was a pain freak. Huh? I because Mike, I know Mike was dropping you off. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna drop me off, but saying he gonna drop me off of a little something in his egg on Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna throw something now. Yeah. So I You know. I'm not saying I'm a a fair player, I'm just saying I'm a player. I'm a player. That's it.


I'm not saying this, but hey, we used to have a a, a great time doing that. He's truly You know. He's one of the best. I've, but I'm the best when I come to, when it comes to fouling Though. Yeah. I wouldn't doubt that. Could you dunk? You can't ask that question. Could I dunk You was a fly How you want it really How you want it. Okay. How you want it. I know I heard it. I heard that. I heard how you want it backwards. All that. You had all that. I bet I could do anything I wanted to do. Have it your way. Burger King. I was an athlete, man. I, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I was in the NBN And I couldn't do half that shit. So I had to ask.


I couldn't do that shit. I was a straight school. How did, how did golf come into your game? And obviously you guys, I've heard legendary stories about just the competitiveness with you two on the golf course. Mike is competitive in anything he do. Okay. Listen, he does nothing. Half-ass, nothing. I mean, I don't, I don't care if it's, if it's, if it's shooting marbles, he does nothing. Half-ass You know he wants to be the best at everything he does. And pretty much he is word. But no, we have, but we have a great job. We have a great job.


That's dope. That's dope. Not many people can say they actually changed the game. In any sport you've act, you actually did it in football. How does it, how does it feel when people tell you that? When you say change the game, what the, what the fuck you mean by that? I couldn't tell you what our, our definition would be. You, as far as from the position you played, you made the game physical, you made it entertain you, you showed people how to play the game with passion, leave everything on the line, willing to die to win the game. Like a lot of people don't automatically, you can't teach that. No. So you had that and you did it on the highest stage. And for people to consider you as the best defensive player of all time. That says a lot. I love the, I loved best, best tense, love the game of love.


The game of football. I love the contact. I don't want to go out there and go through a walkthrough. No, I, I gotta hit somebody game. Okay. See, that's what, that's what I'm, I do, I hit somebody. I mean, when I, they going to start stripping. Nobody does. Nobody was doing that. Hey, I invented this stripping the ball because I say if, if I'm going to, you gonna run the ball. And I tackle you, you still got another play. But if I tackle you And I, strip that ball, guess what? It ain't yours no more. It's over. And that's what And I remember I used to do that.


And then all of a sudden when we got to the Giants, I was doing it so much is that they started teaching, having strips, strip practice. Yeah. Yeah. For strip practice and stuff. I mean, yeah. A lot of things I changed the game to, I played against a lot of good players, but just like my dad always told me, he said, you gotta be better than the next man just to be equal. So god damn, get out there and what You know. And, and that's what I do. And that's what I'm saying because at the end of the day, hey, I want to be the best.


Now there's days I done gone out and maybe had too much drink. You know, just life. But let's, Hey, I'm still, Hey, I'm, I, I'm, I'm wanting to stay on your ass from, from 15 of 1 5 0 0 until they go down to 0, 0 0 1. I love it.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com, the hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at hi the number five casino.com. High five casino


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, or, or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price gougers or keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message. Because you work hard for your paycheck, you should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


It and business consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my Life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and, and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by Master Craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and ship conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn betting.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on. Now,


We had Michael Strahan on the show and he was just telling some, some, some legendary stories about how you didn't like to practice, but when you did, you went a hundred miles an hour. There was no bullshit. And that's what he got. I Didn't like the work Practice. Yeah, he said you didn't. He said when you did, Mama. I was at that time he got there. Was they going 30 something years old? Ain't gotta practice no more. No, He said you would earn the respect you, but he didn't have to Said, Hey, I don't want to, I don't want to go out and just, Hey, no, no, no. I remember when I used to go out there, I I'm all geared up. I got, I got you ready to go. I got stuff on my hands. I got the that go on Vans, I'm, I'm all locked up. And, I'm ready for, I ready to kill about six, seven years later.


I'm like, Hey, I ain't got shit strapped up. Ain't got shoes Tied. Hey, you want it? You want it now or you want it in the game? That's what I'm saying. Hey listen, I work on Sundays. Goddamn. Yeah. God, It, he also says sometimes you would, he said you would sleep during the meetings, but wake up and know the whole game Plan that day going Bill Belichick You know. He would sit there and he'll go over these dead going these plays and stuff. And I'm looking at it. And, I go on to sleep. And I was like, I said, get your ass up. He says, tell me what your, what you do on this play. I don't tell him. I tell 'em what I do, but I can tell 'em what everybody does.


I knew for one thing about football, I know what everybody is doing on that football field. I know what the tackle's doing. I know what the nose tackle's doing. I know what the both linebackers doing. Hey, I know what the, the DB's doing and all the safeties. I know only person. I don't know what the hell is going is me because I wanna do what I want, what I feel. I gotta do what I feel. But see, I gotta, you gotta I do what I feel, but I gotta stay within the framework of the defense because if I don't, IIII screw them up. Right. So I, I do what I want to do to a point, but I stay within the framework of the defense.


That's Fair. You know Bill, be check. Was your defensive coordinator say he was the greatest defensive player of all time. We all know. And he, and listen, he right, he right. Go ahead. He definitely Right. What, what was Bill like back then? Lemme tell you, when Belichick first came in, he was assistant special teams coach. No, yeah. Assistant to the special teams coach. Basically how low that is. He was in the film room. You know how low that is. Ain't know what the hell that shit is. But, and then his second year, he became special teams coach.


His third year was Bill Park sales. First year as a head coach. And he named Bill Belichick the defensive coordinator. Man, I had a fit. I mean, I, I was, I was, I was raising hell, what the fuck this man, man, get back there and shag some balls. Yeah. So many them come out here. And And I was, I was, I was really pissed. I went into Bill's office. I said, man, what the fuck are you doing, man? He said, listen, hey, you going to name him as, as defense coordinator?


And Bill told me, he said, lemme tell you something. All the defenses that we've been running for the last couple years are Bill Belichick's design. He designed all these daggone defenses, even though it wasn't his position at the time. Yeah. Hey, he designed all the defenses for, for And. I. And. I was shocked. And I gave him my, I told Bill, Hey, well, hey, shit, I give you my blessings, man. Go ahead and I'll tell you what personality wise, he's whatever, whatever. But I'll tell you what, for somebody that knows football, knows defense knows.


Hey, he knows what you're supposed to do. Oh, he's a a bad, he's a bad man. Yeah. He one of the best. He's a bad man. Definitely. One of the best. Talk to us about Parcells. Bill Parcells has always been my main man. You know I'll do anything for Bill You. know Bill. He was the guy that brought me to the Giants. And I. Remember he was as, and he taught me, he worked with me. Now, I ain't gonna say that he worked with me. God damn. I already knew what I was doing when I got there. But he, I remember, bill, I'm gonna tell you a quick story.


I remember Bill Parcells Parcells, my first week in the NFL Parcells was on my ass. I mean, You know. I was on the second team. My, I was on the second team. John Scpa was in front of me. I was on the second team that lasted, no, I was on the third team. I was third team. That lasted about five minutes. Okay. Then I moved to the first team that took about another two minutes. Okay.


So, so, so I'm sitting there And Bill is telling me he's on my ass every Hey, because, because You know, the know they, when when, when you see something, you see a diamond in a rough You know you can't just let, let, let, Hey, you got to, you got to talk to him and make him go and the right direction and stuff. So he was making me go the right direction. But every play, he was on my ass. And I was just coming outta college. You know And, I, You know University. Every play. He's on my ass. Oh, you done gotta deal. You gotta be over here. You gotta be here. You gotta be here.


You gotta be here. I'm saying there, I'm making, I would dare going rush the quarterback. The quarterback was set up, throw the ball 30 yards down field you were supposed to be there. I would turn around and run down there and knock the ball away. And he said, what the Fuck you doing down there? What the hell you doing? 30 minutes? Shit. So that's crazy. Every day on my ass, on my ass. And, I finally say, Hey, hold up coach. Hold up. You can do whatever you want. You can trade me, you can cut me. You can put John score pan back at, at, at, at, at a line back.


I don't care. I said, I don't care. But you've gotta stay off my ass because I tell you what, I came, I don't work like that. It didn't work like that in college. It ain't gonna work like that in here because of this thing. I, I can't work like that. And Bill Paul said he looked at me. He said, okay. I think he said okay motherfucker. But I don't know what he said, but I think he Okay. Good Shit. Never worked for the brothers. That never works for the brothers, never works for the brothers. Sorry. Never Works. He said, he said, okay, I tell you what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna let you do it your way. All that works for the brothers.


Hey, for sure. I'm let you do it your way. He said, soon as you mess up, I'm gonna be in your ass and you gonna do it my way. That's fair. I said, okay. That's fair. Cool. That's Fair. I never had another conversation with him for the next 12 years. Yeah. Love It. He had no problem with what way I was doing it. I love it. I love It. You know. Tell You, what did you see the viral video of, of Belichick leaving his girlfriend's house with his shirt off like a month ago? Bill Belichick just retired and he was leaving his girl's house got caught on Ring Camp Life right now Too. Okay. So what's the problem? You see? It ain't nothing at all, bro. Ain't no problem with it at all. Did you see it though at all? You Didn't see it?


I Didn't see it. The problem ain't Problem. I just wanna know, If, you thought the coach your first year, you win. I'm doing thing. You win rookie of the year. Defensive player of the year. I mean, what you're stepping on the Same rookie of the year. Defensive player of the year. What's the problem? I won it though. Okay. Clean To Clean. Yeah. Clean the club. What We, I mean, what's your first thoughts? I mean, obviously this is the top of the, is supposed to be the toughest. And you're going in here, And I tell you something. Hey, when I first came into the NFL, I'm serious. After going through Carolinas You know playing at North Carolina and stuff, like when I first came to the NFL, it was like a man playing with boys.


Mm. The Giants. They, they had been playing football for. I been all these guys I playing for 30, 40 years or whatever it is. Hey, they didn't care no more. They didn't, they, they, they weren't excited about winning or, or, or, or hey, last 10 years, last 15 years, they weren't excited about winning. They just, just going through the damn motions. All the players are just going through the motion because, hey, John's hadn't won a dead on a, a, a a playoff birth in the last 15, 20 years. Right? They're just going through the motion.


And I refuse to go through the motions. And I will go to practice. And man, and listen, when I go to practice, I go to practice. I go to work. You know I go to work. I'm, Hey, listen, hey, I'm gonna hurt somebody. Okay? I mean, hit somebody but hurt. Whatever. Same. But listen, you hit me and wasn't until, and then Parcells, I remember when Parcells used to call meetings and he want all the, all the, all the, the, all the players to come that, because those were the teams captains and stuff like that.


And, and And I, remember when he called the meeting and he asked, he said, Hey, LT, I want you, I want you in this. Well, I wasn't LT then I was Lawrence. Okay. He said, I want you, I Lawrence, I want you in this meeting. And I went to the meeting and And I said, God, And I felt funny because I got all these senior guys in there, You know all the Harry Carson, Phil Sims, Brian Kelly, all the senior players were in there.


And I don't know what the hell am I doing? He said, listen, because look at that group. He said, you better than all of 'em. Mm. That hit me. And I. Tell you what I, when I went out there on Sundays, no matter where I'm coming from, hey, I come to work, come to Red, I come to work, I'm Ready to play. I come to work where I'm coming from. Talk to us a little bit about those, those New York Knights in the eighties. Some, I mean, you had plenty of them. Mike Tyson was out there. Darryl Strawberry, Dwight Gooden, yourself.


Yeah. There was a lot of young black rich talent out in New York in the eighties. What was that like all the time, baby, listen. And we all went to the same place. He's not here. That's what it's called. Yeah. He's not here. The Dago Cliff Club in in, in New York City. He's not here. That was the hottest place. Hottest. He's Not here. He's not here. Boy. I'll tell you what. Oh, oh shit. That says it all. Taking him back, taking him back at this moment. Take us back to he's not here, please. Oh shit.


What would it be like right now? We was in, he's not here with you right now. I'm spoken for him. Thank you. Oh, it it, it was that popping in there. It was that, it was just amazing. You got everybody. You got Mike Tyson. You got, you got everybody in. There's somebody. Yeah. Mayor there. Were you there with what, what, what was it like with you and Mike developing friendship? Tyson You. know what? See, Mike, you gotta be careful around Mike You know shit. Both of y'all together. No, Mike is, I'm good guy. I'm thinking about that right now. Like you worrying about Mike's shit. I been in the room with Mike. I'm in the room with y'all. Shit, I don't know how I was sitting there. I'm between both y but You know.


Mike May listen. You go Mike sometimes, and listen, he's a great guy. Love him to death. He, and we have a, a great relationship. But you may say the wrong thing and you don't even know it. Wow. And then all of a sudden your ass is in trouble. Oh shit. Oh shit. Your ass is in trouble. I'll tell you what, Hey, but what a, what a break, man. I tell you what. And I and And I. Think about all the people I've met in New York into the, through sports and stuff. You know Pele and like Tyson, pe You know all kinds of That's huge.


Baseball players, basketball players. I mean that shit. I used to sit out there when a a when, when Mike would come to the, to Jordan would come to the Madison Square Garden, sit on the floor, and then we be talking shit. Heckling Them. Yeah. Say listen, but hey, all the thing, all the people that I've met and all the people that have played in New York and And, I mean Miss October. I mean all, everybody, God, I You know it is, it is like a family. And yeah, I'm, I'm happy to be here. 'cause I can't think of any other place I could have gone to where I can control the situation.


You know. But you mentioned all these great people, but you were the biggest star amongst them All. I wasn't the biggest star. I wasn't the biggest. I was big. I wasn't big. No, no. Don't be modest. To a point to a point. Oh man, stop If. you gotta understand, man. Stop it, man. Listen. Hey boy, if I would've got sleep at night, I would've been Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, we understand that too. We understand that too. That, I mean, that was You know Jack And I were both known. That's how we met, was we went hard all in off the court. Do you ever feel like what you did, And, I and You know, obviously you kind of speaking to it You know the nightlife ever hindered you. Oh Yeah. I mean, on the Sunday You know, I look back at, I look back at it now, but did You know what And I say to myself?


I say to myself, look where you at now. I mean, or, or look whether you have achieved achieved, could you have done it better now? If I would've gone home every day. If I would've gone go to the gym every day, if I didn't drank Johnny Walker Black every day, could I been better? Maybe not. Maybe that was your shit though. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe Not. How could You know when you still end up being him? I know a bunch of guys don't drink, don't smoke, Don't. And they trash they do everything right.


And they just ain't got it. Yeah. Ain't got it. Just ain't got it. It just ain't in Them. Oh shit. I know a lot of people like that. I talk about 'em all the time. The mental side of the game. Something like you said, you prepared, you need the formations, but also the the intimidation side. So on top of the mental intimidation because they knew you as a bad motherfucker. Were, were you a big shit talker too. Am I going to talk shit? Probably. I don't mean to be rude, but Motherfucker If, you can't play, you can't play God, get off the field. I mean, get somebody else in. I used to sit there and say, listen, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


You blocking me. Be a long day motherfucker. Why don't you tell the coach you got a cold or Something? Get Somebody else in call in sick call. No, but seriously, hey, it, it's once you get the, the timing of the game, the feel of the game, the If, you get to a point where you think you can beat some one person Every Time, all the time. Sober. Oh God. I I feel sorry for him. I feel sorry for him. Yeah. I mean, shit. Hell You know you got, you gotta be able to at least hit me one time where I'm like, oh shit, this guy may him play a little bit.


You know. Yeah, it works that way. But it is what it is, man. Football, great sport. I enjoyed it. I mean, I lived it. I dreamt about it. I, I, I, I, I, I, I'm all about contact. I don't listen, don't get me involved in a two hand touch a game. I want contact because they, that's all. And don't give me the day. Go. Don't gimme the second string. What? That? I used to hate that something's come in and bring the second string guy and put over me. Disrespectful. That's the insult. Hey, I'm saying listen, what the hell he going to do? Yeah.


I want to beat the best that you got. You know Anthony Munoz and stuff. Like guy like Anthony Oz. Hey, I want, I, I want the best that you got. Who was some other people like Anthony Munoz, that blowing Larry Allen? Oh, just, there's several. I mean, there's a couple guys that played for and for San Francisco. There was one guy from St. Louis. I mean a black dude. I forgot his name now, but, 'cause he didn't leave a card anyway, but Said he did leave a card.


Oh. Oh. Oh boy. Oh, okay. That's enough. Okay. Movies and TV shows. Did acting come naturally like everything else? Pretty much. I mean, listen, because You know what most of the movies I in, I play me. Yeah. Play yourself. You know I played me. I mean, it was only a couple movies that was way offline. Like the one I played when I was a, I was a preacher. That was way Offline. Way. That was way offline, man. But what movie was that? Oh, I forgot the name of it. But you being a preacher is probably why we didn't see it.


Maybe that's why we didn't see it. Because you was the probably. Probably. I tell. Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh man. Another goat showed up. Oh, there we go. Dang. Shit. Damn. Oh fuck. Love one. Watch it. Oh love one. Love one Love one. Oh God. I can't wait to rob him. Him. I can't. He said I can wait to rob him. I can't wait to rob this motherfucker. Boy. You What's up bro?


Steve. Hi, five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary board were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High Five casino


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message. Because you work hard for your paycheck, you should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority. It and


Business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I Like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my Life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and, and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through November 5th. Earn four times rewards points when you buy items from your favorite brands. Shop for items like Pampers, LERs diapers, VIX Vapo, cool native shampoo, crest toothpaste, native deodorant, or Swiffer Power Mop And earn four times rewards points. You can then redeem your points for discounts on gas or groceries on your future purchases. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Talk to us about Any. Given Sunday. We had Jamie on the show. He said there was beef with team. Him, him and ll. What, what was that experience like? 'cause to me, that's one of the greatest football movies ever. I go, I'm in drug rehab. Okay. It was 19, What year was that? 1997. Seven eight. The seventh of 98. You know how were you there with me? The movie? No, my boy movie came out in nine. Nine. Right. Russell Wrestling Police was in number two when year the movie came out. That set, y'all filmed the sc Okay, right?


Yeah. Well, we, we filmed, we filmed here. We filmed in Florida. We actually went, we, we filmed in Florida. Okay, good. And then we moved, then we went to Dallas. But anyway, I'm trying to say I'm sitting in a drug rehab. And my last one, my last drug rehab ain't had no more. But Oliver Stone came all the way to the, that's that's crazy. Right there out of a stone. Pulled up on at rehab. He all came to the rehab and he said, listen, hey, I want you to play a part in the movie.


And I said, I don't know if I can because You know hell according to these motherfuckers, I won't be here for a while. And so, so I'd go, and then all of a sudden they hired, what was the big guy from like the Green Mile and Michael Clark Duncan. Michael Clark Duncan. Right. You so I get outta rehab. But they hired Michael Clark Duncan to, to play the, the role as Shark. Right. That wouldn't have made sense. That wouldn't You know. He's practicing of these practicing and stuff.


And they, they You know doing stuff. And so he said off stone, he said, listen, I tell you what, we shooting in Miami. Why don't you come down and and give us some pointers for like a, like a expert on hand. Yeah. You know. So I said, fuck. I go all down there. I'm sitting there on this and, and they run this thing, run this, this, this. They run this play. And Michael Duncan, he, he hits this guy and all I could see was marshmallows because tell shit mama, what the hell is that?


It, it, it is nothing. It look real. I mean, and And I Stone, he came to me. He said, I just don't feel it. I can't feel it. You know, I can't, I can't feel it. He said, do me a favor. He said, I said, I said, yes, sir. He said, go inside, put on a uniform, show the pass helmet, put on the some gear and come out and show him how to run this play. Right. It, I said, okay. No, I don't give a fuck. You paying me. I don't get And. I go in, I go out, go inside, come back out.


Hey, the play, we run the play. Bam, bam, bam. I come in, I, I feel the hole. I hit the so boom. And, and listen. Hey, And I thought he was dead anyway, but Oliver Stone jumps up. That's what I'm talking about. That was it. That's the type of shit I wanna see. That dope. He looked at Michael Doug. He said, you fired Damn on the spot. His day on the spot. He said he fired. He lt let's play. And, and so he gave me his part. And that's how I, that's how I started out. That's crazy. I couldn't imagine.


I couldn't Imagine. Yeah. Yeah. The way you played It with you killed that role, killed With the chain chainsaw, cutting the car in half and all Kinds of shit. Yeah. But laying on the field, taking that last hit, you made that look so real. Like we, it made me feel like we seen, it makes like we seen you on the field in real time in that same position before You. know what I'm saying? That's how good you made that character gullible. I'm just saying gullible. I was, it was, I was into the movie. I wasn't natural. Yeah. For it. You had me believing it. I thought you was really hurt. I thought you was really hurt. Hurt. I thought you was really hurt down there. No, I ain't hitting nobody that home. I'm being hurt. No.


Oh boy. Quick hitters. We're gonna finish it off and we done. Okay. Fill in the blank. Lawrence Taylor would be, wouldn't be here without, I wouldn't be. Well you say here, like here in this room today. Today. I wouldn't be here today without my dog. Tanisha. Yeah. And my girl Trish. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's right. Okay. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't because I got some, some legal shit I had pu be doing, Bro. He's stupid. Hey, I might my match dog. Yeah. I think I met my match, bro. Yeah, he top me.


Hey, so real Phil Sims told a story one time about you. Him, Dr. You driving down the turnpike going fast as fuck. You thought he was going die. You took your chew out and threw it out and your super bowl ring came off too. Truth to that Bullshit. No su the super. No, my super, it wasnt a Super Bowl ring. My super Bowl ring never came off. What Was it a ring or anything or was that just, he was just making it sound good. It Was just spit that came out. That's it. Just spit. No, that wasn't true. No, go ahead. Next what childhood crush? My childhood crush. Damn. A childhood crush.


Probably though. One of them, one of them Jacksons, but I'm not talking about Michael. Reba. Reba, yeah. That's funny as hell. No. Michael don't need no Michael. Okay. What else? Two for, shit. You got, we got three more stupid questions. Go ahead. Your favorite album of all time? It gotta be some type of Luther V draws. Oh, you like to chill it out then, huh? Yeah. Boss, lemme tell you something when I start doing that, how you think I caught her? Yeah. Gang.


But the Luther, big Luther, A little Luther. Big Luther. Big Luther. Big Luther. No, no, no. Big Luther. Big Luther. The earring. The earring. The single earring that you, you started a, a fashion trend way back when? Where'd that come from? You know. I'm not really sure, but I know when I came into the league, they started calling me lt. Oh no, it was, it was Lawrence at first. You know or Larry or something like that. I know. Fuck that was.


Yeah. Okay. You look like Larry. Lonnie. Lonnie. Lonnie. So Lonnie. But a guy made, made the earring for me. And because I, my first year, my second year into the league, I started being identified as LT and, and, and You know one, two defensive players over the year. So that, so they identify me just, and I've always wanted to be like You know like Michael Jordan's.


MJ lt. Yeah. You know your signature. Yeah. You know stuff like that. Michael Jackson. He's MJ too. But guys that would just identify just by their initials. Initials. I've always wanted to do that. And when it started to happen, I just stayed on that boat. Couldn't tell you shit. They can't tell me shit. The Lawrence Taylor Family Foundation, you can shout, you can have your daughter come help explain it If you'd like, but talk to us. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Come on. Hey, I'm tell you what, it's a great, we can hear you from there. No, it's a great foundation. I'm tell you what, they, we, we work with a lot of kids. And I mean the things we have done over like, like food.


I mean, as far as we providing for families that come over, they can, they can come and get food on weekends and stuff like that. And, and that's how I started with them on, or or or or find out, found out about 'em. But they do a lot concerning kids and serving the community and, and, and, and yeah. Serving the community. Of course. Yeah. But hey, nobody can talk better about it than your daughter. My daughter. Because see, I'm just name, I'm the face, I'm the face name. Huh? Say my name. She said my, say my name like Beyonce, Tanisha.


Right. I got a lot of kids. Mama mother. Hey, you want, you wanna, you wanna speak on it? What else? What else the foundation does? So we're Transforming families, right? We're building, well-rounded families. So when you have the opportunity to change a child's life, it is hard when they go home. Right? Right. Because those parents, those families, they don't have the same tools, the same skill sets. So our goal is to build well-rounded families. Why? Because I came from a broken home. No offense. Love you dearly. Shout out to my dad, but when you are not I, some shit from a well-rounded family, you get two sides of different coins. Yeah. Okay. So we want to build families who have the same skill sets that we're building in the children.


So our goal is to create healthy, well-rounded families. Not that the family consists of a man and a female. It consists of whoever is com whoever is a part of that child's life, healthy environment, whoever is creating the foundation. Because that foundation is what we are. I try To keep it even on. Yeah. That that's, that's what we're, what we're headed into. You know. So our goal is to transform the lives of those that we see every day. So if the child that we feed and that we are creating tutoring and life skills for goes home to a parent who has no job, who just got outta jail. They, there's a disconnect. Our goal, You board drop off goal is to Create opportunities for That Father You know both sides. Exactly. You have to build the family, you have to build the unit, you have to build the foundation.


Closing. No, ain't No hand closing. Do, do Is we're building well-rounded families, not just children. Because that's what creates the better outcome environment. Yeah. And so while we love LT for always showing up, You know we do the work and he shows up and he gives us that, that, that vibe, that energy. Because that's what people wanna see. They don't really care about what we're doing in the community. 'cause that's not what they're connected to. They care about getting close to him. So that's great. Use it. Come in, use it. Let's raise this money, use it, and then let's give it back to the community because that's what it's about. We leverage that because I love him. But from my own personal experience, I understand the disconnect.


Yeah. Yeah. I understand what it's like to be a part of one life and then to go into another life. Right. And my parents, when my parents divorced, I experienced two different types of realities. And I. It's all right though. Every now And I. So dad, a couple dollars. No, We absolutely do love it. Well thank you. But he'll time His energy to really help us do the work. So we thank him and we love him. And We love y'all for having us. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate Lawrence Family Foundation. Yeah. Lawrence Taylor Family Foundation. Lawrence Taylor Family found Family Foundation. Where can they find that? Is it.com? dot.com. Do com. Yeah. Lt man, we appreciate you.


Thank you very much. You were amazing. Hey man, thank you for Hey listen Margaret, listen. Hey, I don't go to sleep. Don't try to ride me that motherfucker got you man. That's a wrap. The legendary. Lauren Taylor. You can catch us on the DraftKings Networking. The ALL THE SMOKE Productions YouTube man with Gold episode. Yes


sir. Hi, five Casino, High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details. At high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy Baby and Colors in contrast, popping day of night with GLA free Oles and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more at Samsung dot com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format


It and business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my Life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.